Korea Focus Tree
Korea
Korean
Korea
People's Republic of Korea
the People's Republic of Korea
People's Republic of Korea
the People's Republic of Korea
Republic of Korea
the Republic of Korea
Republic of Korea
the Republic of Korea
Republic of Korea
the Republic of Korea
Republic of Korea
the Republic of Korea
Republic of Korea
the Republic of Korea
Republic of Korea
the Republic of Korea
Korean State
the Korean State
Korean State
the Korean State
Korean Empire
Joseon
the Korean Empire
Korean Empire
Joseon
the Korean Empire
Korean Empire
Joseon
the Korean Empire
Korean Empire
Joseon
the Korean Empire
Korean Empire
Joseon
the Korean Empire
Korean Empire
Joseon
the Korean Empire
Korean Empire
Joseon
the Korean Empire
KWP
Korean Worker's Party\n§LA small faction built from the contingent of Koreans within the Chinese Syndicalist Party or those who have found the KNRP too 'moderate'. Prior to its return to Korea, the KWP was based in Paris where its members became heavily inspired by the ideas of neosocialism and fringe Labour vanguardists.§!\n
KNRP
Korean National Revolutionary Party\n§LThe KNRP is the official sister organisation of the Kuomintang, formed from old contingents of the KIP unwilling to cooperate with its predominantly antisocialist government. The KNRP seeks to implement the Three Principles of the People to Korea as well, whether it be through methods democratic or more coercive. While it was certainly an apolitical organisation within the Kuomintang, its members have a range of leanings from those who supported the Provisional Action Committee and those who supported the Reorganisation Comrades Association.§!\n
KWP
Korean Worker's Party\n§LA small faction built from the contingent of Koreans within the Chinese Syndicalist Party or those who have found the KNRP too 'moderate'. It maintains a close relationship with its sister party, the CSP, and holds strong connections to the radical wing of the Chinese Syndicalist Party.§!\n
CPKI
Committee for the Preparation of Korean Independence\n§LThe Committee for the Preparation of Korean Independence is a committee built on unifying all the political factions in the Korean political sphere to one common goal: the independence of Korea. Although dominated by ex-KIP leftists, the committee wastes no effort or resource to seek the blessings and support of other factions, while defending itself against the attacks of said different factions. With independence now in grasp, the committee now turns its goal towards keeping the factions unified and disputes and unrest at bay, keeping the peace in Korea until the nation becomes stable, meanwhile also using all available force to steer the new state and nation towards some form of prosperity.§!\n
The Korean Independence Party is the most prominent political entity governing the Korean Provisional Government, representing the longing for independence of countless parties and people. The KIP consists of many different factions, from KMT-aligned leftists to right-wing ultranationalists. Still, most are aware that by the end of the day, the power and methods of all different factions must be put to full and good use so that Korea can stand back up on its feet to survive against the tide of the world.
KIP
Korean Independence Party\n§L$KOR_KIP_desc$§!\n
KIP
Korean Independence Party\n§L$KOR_KIP_desc$§!\n
KIP
Korean Independence Party\n§L$KOR_KIP_desc$§!\n
KIP
Korean Independence Party\n§L$KOR_KIP_desc$§!\n
KIP
Korean Independence Party\n§L$KOR_KIP_desc$§!\n
KIP
Korean Independence Party\n§L$KOR_KIP_desc$§!\n
KLPP
Korean Labouring People's Party
KSP
Korean Social Party
KDP
Korean Democratic Party
KNA-D
Korean National Association - Democrats
KNRP-R
Korean National Revolutionary Party - Radicals
RoK-AF
Republic of Korea - Armed Forces
RoK-AF
Republic of Korea - Armed Forces
KNA-Ilminists
Korean National Association - Ilminists
Opening of Democratic Parties
Yay, Korean democracy! Yay, we aren't a dictatorship anymore!
Freedom.
Election of [GetYear]
Finally after much anticipation at the polls, the winner of this year's elections are...
The Korean National Association - Democrats!
The Korean Social Party!
The Korean Democratic Party!
The Korean Labouring People's Party
Revolutionary Successes in Korea
During the wars of unification and the War of Resistance, Korean revolutionaries fought alongside the National Revolutionary Army. Many of them belonged to the Korean National Revolutionary Party (KNRP), an organisation created by the Korean officer Kim Wonbong - himself a graduate of the revolutionary Whampoa Academy.\n\nAs such, after the war, Kim Wonbong returned home with the KNRP to administer Korea's recently liberated nation. As part of his reforms to modernise Korea, Kim has implemented the ideals of the Three Principles of the People - taking a strong influence from the Chinese Kuomintang. Today, Korean representatives met with [ROOT.GetLeader], to discuss the future relationship between the Republic of China and the Republic of Korea. While Korea is to remain under China's sphere and protection, it will nonetheless enjoy a sense of nominal autonomy - as the two have pledged to work together as twin revolutionary sisters to liberate East Asia from imperialism.
We stand together!
Treaty of Peace and Security
During the wars of unification and the War of Resistance, Korean revolutionaries fought alongside the National Revolutionary Army. Many of them belonged to the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea (PGROK), a Korean independence faction led by the great Korean revolutionary Kim Koo.\n\nAs such, after the war, Kim Koo and the PGROK returned home to administer the newly liberated nation of Korea with the blessing of the Republic of China. Yet, despite Korea's hard-fought independence, the Koreans have not forgotten the aid and friendship they held with their Chinese comrades in the Kuomintang. Today, Korean representatives met with [ROOT.GetLeader], to discuss the future relationship between the Republic of China and the Republic of Korea. While Korea is to remain under China's sphere and protection, it will nonetheless enjoy a sense of nominal autonomy - as the two have pledged to work together as twin tigers to maintain peace, security, and stability in East Asia.
We stand together!
Kim Hong-il Returns to Korea
As a result of the Japanese occupation of their country, various Korean guerilla armies proliferated in Manchuria, northern Korea, and the Chinese mainland throughout the 1920s. Many Korean revolutionaries and nationalists in exile sought the safety of Chinese military academies and republican movements with the hopes of perhaps one day returning home.\nLike many others, Kim Hong-il found himself in exile and travelled to the far southwest of Guizhou for military instruction, where he met He Yingqin. In 1926, Hong-il joined the National Revolutionary Army and participated in the doomed Northern Expedition. After its failure, Hong-il fled with Yingqin and the remnants of the rightist faction of the Kuomintang into Yunnan. However, with the victory of the Chinese over their Japanese adversaries in the Second Sino-Japanese War, Hong-il has officially announced his resignation in favour of serving in the new Korean republic.
Thank you for your service.
Return of the Provisional Government
The Korean Provisional Government has returned after years of exile ready to establish Korean rule over the Peninsula after decades of Japanese rule.
Work with the People's Committees
We will work with the independent people's committees that have sprung up to aid in the reconstruction.
Provisional Legal Code
We will create a provisional legal code.
Investigate the Traitors
Those who worked with the Japanese Army and Japanese government during the years of occupation must be tried!
Pardon the Collaborators
Not all the collaborators were imperialists, some just had no choice. We will use their skills to aid in our country's reconstruction.
Begin Reconstruction Efforts
Our country lies devastated by war and colonisation. It's time to fix that.
Rapid Industrialisation
We will begin a programme of rapid industrialisation to speed up economic recovery.
Advanced Grain Procurement Methods
We will embrace a programme focusing on agriculture to speed up economic recovery.
Korea's Industrial Revolution
Our industry grows even more! We will increase industrialisation efforts.
Back to the Land
We will continue our agriculture focus with a greater emphasis on developing the countryside.
Form the KNR
We will improve the already existing railways left behind by the Japanese to construct an effective rail system.
Find What We Can Salvage
Let us make use of former Japanese machinery and industries that they left behind.
Re-establish Government Legitimacy
Let us proclaim to people from Seoul to Pyongyang that we are the legitimate Korean government!
Reopen the Schools
Our country lies illiterate after years of colonisation. We will reopen the schools closed down because of the war in hopes of improving literacy and education.
Contact the Youth Groups
Let us make contact with the youth groups and organisations across the country to rally support for our government.
Korea Reborn
With the path to recover nearly complete, Korean society is ready to be reborn.
Begin the Land Reform
We will begin the long awaited land reform.
Encourage Democratic Principles
Korea will become the democratic light of the east!
Legislate Freedoms
We will turn Korean society into an equal society.
Pursue Equalisation of Society
All Koreans, men and women are equal under the new government.
Ambitious Industrialisation
We will undertake a five year plan of rapid industrialisation and modernisation to speed our economic growth.
Decentralised Education
We will begin a programme of decentralised education.
Foster Intensive Capitalism
We will encourage rapid capitalism.
Attend the Needs of All
All are protected under the new constitution.
The First Election
Long live the new Republic! To free Democracy!
Establish the Armed Forces
We will build a new Korean army.
Found the Air Force
We will found a national air force.
Establish the Navy
We will establish a modern Korean navy.
Expand the Intelligence Corps
We will create an independent intelligence corps to monitor subversive elements in our nation.
Maintain Martial Law
Our country is in danger. The army must continue to keep power.
Tighten the Party State
So called liberal and democratic ideals threaten our nation's stability. We must strengthen the notion of a one party nation.
Sponsor Ilminist Groups
We will encourage the growth of ilminist ideas to pursue a true Korean ethnostate.
Amend the Constitution
We will amend the constitution to allow for indefinite presidential terms.
Figurehead of the Nation
Kim Koo is our dear father of our nation. And he will continue to guide the Korean nation.
Instil Confucian Principles
Order is needed in these chaotic times. We must return to the past days of Confucian order.
Forego the Holy Rituals
We will seek to create a modern constitutional government with a figurehead to lead the nation.
The Korean Restoration
The Joseon monarchs have been restored. Korea will now be a true modern constitutional monarchy.
Intensify Modernisation Efforts
We will intensify modernisation efforts to greatly modernise the Korean state.
True Korean Democracy
True democracy is one led by our glorious leader Kim Koo who cares for his nation and people. Under his leadership, the Republic shall flourish!
The Militarisation of Society
All Koreans shall learn to serve the state! Glory to our native land.
Regeneration of the Korean Nation
Inspired by the SZRS, we will rebuild Korea into a glorious nation state by Koreans and for Koreans.
Encourage Nationalistic Education
We will encourage the study of Korean folk heroes and the Korean language and history in schools.
Classless Korea
Koreans, together united. No longer shall petty class struggles divide us!
The Embodiment of the Korean State
Together, Koreans will work together to build a truly great nation to eclipse years of foreign humiliation and treachery!
The Three Stage Revolution
Host the National Assembly
Ratify the National Constitution
National Reconstruction
Twin Tigers of East Asia
The Revolution Triumphant
The people have stood up! Long live the workers of Korea.
True Korean Socialism
We will begin the process of converting Korea into a true socialist state.
Begin the Five Year Plan
We will modernise our nation rapidly.
Vanguard of the Revolution
The revolution can only survive with a strong nation.
Communal Homes for All
We will provide home for every Korean worker.
Central Planning Committee
We will form a committee to organise the revolution.
Purge Counter Revolutionaries
We will purge our country of reactionaries.
Revolutionary Society
We are one step closer to building a model socialist state.
Strong and Prosperous Nation
Long live the People's Republic of Korea!
Install Political Tutelage
To cement the revolution, we will adopt the Dang Guo practices of the Chinese KMT.
Deal with the KIP
We will deal with the KIP reactionaries and remove them from our government once and for all.
Revive Korea
We must revive our nation by undergoing a rigorous process of educational reform and modernisation.
The Second National Assembly
We will host a second national assembly to prepare a new constitution.
Pragmatic Principles
Democracy is flawed and for now the KNRP must lead the revolution.
Department of Military Affairs
Inspired by the Chinese NRA, we will build a revolutionary army for Korea.
Nationalise Key Industries
We will pursue an independent nationalised economy!
Harmonic Coexistence
The sister republic to the Chinese KMT!
Expropriate the Landlords
No longer are we bound to the bourgeoisie! Their land is now ours!
Land to the Tiller
We shall reward land to those who work for it! But we will abstain from outright removing the landlords.
Korean People's Army
An army fit to lead the revolution...the red army of the East!
The People's Air Force
An air force for the people and by the people...to carry out the revolution.
The People's Navy
Comrades unite! Defend the seas for our glorious revolution.
Cho Bong Am
Kim Koo
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 29th, 1876, in Haeju, Hwanghae Province, Joseon§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTowering over both his allies and opponents, Kim Koo is both the political embodiment of what remains of Korean nationalism while also the puppeteer behind countless cases of white terror. Born large, a young Kim Koo enlisted himself into the peasant armies in the Tonghak Movement, and as the Uprising scattered, he was rescued by An Taehoon, the father of the legendary An Junggeun, later assassin of Itō Hirobumi. In 1896 Kim would be arrested for murdering a Japanese merchant, believing him to be a military officer. After escaping, Kim turned away from politics,instead, he worked to establish schools with the help of churches. By 1905, however, outraged by the signing of the Japan-Korea treaty, Kim returned to the nationalist scene, befriending like-minded individuals who would become his comrades.\n\nWith the establishment of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea in Shanghai in 1925, Kim became one of its integral members, quickly establishing his position as the backbone of the Provisional Government, whether it be direct or indirect. Within his rise to power, Kim served as both a member of the Korean Provisional Congress and as the Chief of Policing, doing what he could to halt infiltrating traitors. Meanwhile, his activities included multiples assassinations of his comradery, many of whom served as obstacles in his power hoard. By 1923 he was appointed Provisional Interior Minister and in 1926 Prime Minister. In 1930 he established the Korean Independence Party, which became the solidifying element of his rise to power. As the unchallenged leader of the Korean State and Nation, Kim Koo looks forward into the abyss.§!
Yi Kang
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 30th, 1877, in Hanseong, Gyeonggi Province, Joseon§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn as the fifth son of Gojong through his concubine Lady Jang, Yi Kang became Prince Uihwa in 1892. Falling into lawsuits and debts after being wedded to Kim Deoksu, the prince became Korea's special ambassador to Japan in 1895 to partake in the Japanese victory celebrations over the Chinese in the First Sino-Japanese War. Having no issue of his own, he served as an ambassador to European countries and the United States, although his playboy lifestyle and profligate spending antagonised the Korean government. He participated in the Korean Red Cross from 1906 to 1907; however, when his father abdicated, his half-brother Prince Yi Un became crown prince due to his father's dislike of him.\n\nFollowing Japan's annexation of Korea in 1910, Yi Kang became increasingly dissatisfied with his status despite being provided with a generous annual allowance. When he heard the news of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea in 1928, he attempted to flee Korea to join the exiles. His escape was a failure, and despite Yi Kang's efforts to remove his titles, he effectively remained a political prisoner in Seoul. In 1930, he officially retired. Despite all this, his burning desire to see Korea independent never faded; he once remarked that he would rather be a peasant in an independent Korea than a noble under Japanese rule.\n\nWhen troops under the Great Qing liberated Korea at the end of the Second-Sino Japanese War, Yi Kang was finally able to meet the Provisional Government that had been in exile for so long. To honour the Qing's historical relationship with the Korean people and to acknowledge Korea's new relationship with China, Yi Kang was almost unanimously declared as King of a revived Korean Empire. He now bears the responsibility of carrying on the Korean Empire's glorious legacy under the banner of a newly freed Korea.§!
Yi Un
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 20th, 1897, in Hanseong, Gyeonggi Province, Empire of Korea§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into the family of Joseon royalty as the seventh son of Gojong, the Gwangmu Emperor, Yi Un hardly knew what it was like to be King of Korea. Anointed as Crown Prince in 1907, he was taken at the age of ten to Japan at the initiative of Ito Hibroumi. Here, the Japanese Emperor Meiji took a particular liking and attention to the young Korean prince. The prince grew up with Japanese nobility, such as the princes Hirohito, Takamatsu, and Chichibu. However, after Ito's assassination in 1909, the Meiji Emperor stopped seeing Yi Un, and the Korean prince became a captive in his adopted country.\n\nFrom 1911-to 1924, Yi Un served in the Japanese Army despite his short stature after enrolling in the Army Central Youth School. From 1927-to 1928, the prince decided to see the world outside Japan and Korea. He thus embarked on a voyage to Europe, visiting the syndicalist capitals of London and Paris and visiting the German and Austrian Empires before returning to Japan in late 1928.\n\nWhen the Second Sino-Japanese War broke out, Yi Un served in the North China Army—where he was captured in the intense fighting along the Sino-Korean border by Qing forces. With the Qing's support, the Korean Independence Party agreed to acknowledge Yi Un as the rightful heir of Joseon and adopt their government as one akin to their Chinese neighbours - that of a constitutional monarchy. As the new king of the restored House of Yi, Yi Un leads a new and revived Korean Empire - one that will no doubt echo the triumphs of Korea's glorious past.§!
Kim Hong-il
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1898, in Yongcheon, North Pyongan Province, Empire of Korea§!\n§YBackground:§! §LKim Hong-il's childhood shook with the blasts of cannons as the Russo-Japanese War began in his hometown. Soon the war ended and followed the collapse of the Korean Empire under the Japanese jackboot, and Kim, who had seen the horrors of war and the fall of a nation at a very early age, began his struggle to fight for his country. After a turbulent youth travelling between Korea and China, eventually settling as a teacher, the Japanese police would catch up to Kim's footsteps. He ultimately fled to Manchuria, where his brother ran a business. In 1918 Kim would find himself in Shanghai, where he would meet Huang Jue, a fellow Anti-Japanese partisan, which would help Kim enrol himself as a cadet in the Guizhou Military Academy. Kim, who began his education with the rather abrupt misplacement of his weapon, was placed under the special tutoring of He Yingqin, who taught him well to the point where he would graduate with honours. After graduating, Kim would make his way to Shanghai in search of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea but would be shunned by its infighting sparked by the recent impeachment of Syngman Rhee. Later, Kim would have an on-and-off career as a mercenary and an educator between China, Manchuria, and the Russian Far East.\n\nWhile attending a funeral, Kim would meet Dr. Sun Yat-sen, who encouraged his cause for independence greatly. By the beginning of the Northern Expedition, Kim had joined the Kuomintang and began service as his old teacher, He Yingqin's adjutant. During the expedition, Kim would persuade Korean pilots from the Zhili armies to the KMT cause. By the end of the Northern Expedition, he would climb the ranks to become a general, although the fall of the KMT would make that achievement rather unnecessary. Kim would follow He back to Guizhou and later to Yunnan, where he became part of the remnants of the NRA loyal to Zhu Peide. In 1931 Kim re-establish contact with the Korean Provisional Government office in Shanghai and became one of the leaders of the Korean Liberation Army while also becoming one of the arms contacts of the PGROK.§!\n\n§YNotes: As a close aide and long time friend of He Yingqin, he is associated with the Kuomintang and Korean independence movement's right-wing.§!
Lee Beom-seok
A close member of Kim Koo's inner circle and a prominent general within the Korean Independence Party, during his time in exile, Beom-seok became a great admirer of the Romanian Prime Minister Corneliu Zelea Codreanu and the Russian Savinkovist movement - seeing them as inspiration for a nationalist and strong Korea. A descendant of Joseon royalty, Beom-seok joined the Korean diaspora in China in 1916; he met Dr. Sun Yat-sen, president of the Chinese Kuomintang, in Shanghai. He then travelled to Yunnan, where Tang Jiyao allowed the patriotic young man to enrol in a Yunnanese Military Academy. After his graduation in 1919, he spent time in exile in China before joining the Provisional Government in 1925, where he rose through the ranks rapidly due to his military experience.
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 20th, 1900, in Hanseong, Gyeonggi Province, Empire of Korea§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$KOR_lee_beom_seok_desc_body$§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 20th, 1900, in Hanseong, Gyeonggi Province, Empire of Korea§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$KOR_lee_beom_seok_desc_body$\n\nWith independence finally achieved, Lee Beom-seok returned home to a free Korea. His distrust of left-wing elements within the KIP has led to the popularity of his followers, the Ilminists who advocate the “One People Principle” for the Korean nation. They believe in revolutionising and mobilising Korea into a militarised monoethnic classless society with extreme veneration for Kim Koo, the figurehead of the nation.§!
Ji Cheong-cheon
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 25th, 1888, in Hanseong, Gyeonggi Province, Empire of Korea§!
Kim Wonbong
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 28th, 1898, in Miryang, South Gyeongsang Province, Empire of Korea§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter he organised the Korean 'Heroic Corps' in Fengtian, Kim Wonbong led multiple attacks against Japanese personnel and outposts in the desperate struggle for Korean independence. Inspired by the Nationalist Chinese Government set up in Guangzhou, Kim enrolled himself into the Whampoa Military Academy in January 1926 to train a proper army against the Japanese. As the expedition came to a failure, Kim would move around continental China helping socialist and Korean nationalist movements organise themselves. After disassociating himself from the Third Internationale in 1931, Kim would contact his old friends in Whampoa to re-insert himself as an associated officer of the Kuomintang. As such, he decided to fully integrate himself, along with the remnants of the Heroic Corps, into the Left KMT, who would use his expertise in espionage from his time fighting for Korean independence while gaining access to further training of Korean cadets. In 1932 Kim organised the Korean National Revolutionary Party, acting as the sister organisation to the KMT within the also widely KMT-associated Korean Provisional Government, and as the opposition to its ruling party, the Korean Independence Party.§!\n\n§YNotes: Connected to almost all factions within the KMT to some degree, and to respect his position as a partner in pragmatism, Kim Wonbong is mostly above internal party politics.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 28th, 1898, in Miryang, South Gyeongsang Province, Empire of Korea§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter disassociating himself from the Third Internationale in 1931, Kim would contact his old friends in Whampoa to re-insert himself as an associated officer of the Kuomintang, and later fully integrate himself, along with the remnants of the Heroic Corps, into the Left KMT, who would use his expertise in espionage from his time serving for righteous armies to their use, while he would gain access to further training of Korean cadets. In 1932 Kim organised the Korean National Revolutionary Party, acting as the sister organisation to the KMT within the also widely KMT-associated Korean Provisional Government, and as the opposition to its ruling party, the Korean Independence Party.\n\nA life in exile hardly deterred the patriotic Korean revolutionary Kim Wonbong from seeing the resurrection of a Korean nation in his lifetime. He has emerged as an energetic and passionate leader as shown in his leadership and courage in the National Revolutionary Army during the Second Northern Expedition and the war with Japan. While the road to a socialist and nationalist Korea remains in the future, Wonbong has finally achieved the dream of seeing his country liberated and free in his lifetime.§!
Pak Hon-yong
§YBorn:§! §LMay 28th, 1900, in Yesan, South Chungcheong Province, Empire of Korea§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPak Hon-yong, born illegitimate son to an Yangban father, travelled to Seoul to seek study, and in the process became affiliated with nationalist thought. Forced into exile and a loyalist to a stateless nation, Pak went to foreign shores to find refuge. He settled in Europe, growing ideologically entangled with the rise of Syndicalism in France, Italy, and Britain. Profoundly affected by the revolutions he witnessed, Pak would be one of the first Koreans to be affiliated with the Third Internationale, and returned to Korea as an undercover agent to spread syndicalist ideals to the Japanese occupied peninsula. After a period of imprisonment and illness, Pak miraculously escaped the wrath of the Japanese forces and found his way back to Paris. There he involved himself deeply in the burgeoning Totalist movement, drawing himself close to Mosley and Mussolini's camps and finding common ground with their nationalistic tendencies. By 1931, Pak shuttled between Europe and Shanghai, where he could freely support both the struggle for independence and the struggle for syndicalism, initiating the publication of pro-syndicalist newspapers. The following year Pak condemned the Provisional Government for being too reactionary and excluding socialists thinkers. Having found a similarly minded backer, Pak firmly asserts himself as the champion of totalism in Korea, and the might of red rule has only begun.§!
Kim Kyu-Sik
Ho Hon
Baek Nam-un
Yi Si-yeong
Yun Posun
Ahn Ho-sang
Chang Taek-sang
Heo Jeong
Baek Du-jin
Sohn Won-yil
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1909, in Hanseong, Gyeonggi Province, Joseon§!
Kim Suk-won
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 29th, 1893, in Hanseong, Gyeonggi Province, Joseon§!
Choi Yong-duk
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 19th, 1898, in Seongbuk-dong, Hanseong, Gyeonggi Province, Empire of Korea§!\n§YAlignment:§! §LApolitical§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in Korea, Choi Yong-duk would find himself studying at Beijing Huiwen Middle School in 1913, later returning to his homeland (under Japanese colonial rule) to complete his studies at Chongsil Middle School in Pyongyang. After completing his studies, Choi return to China to enrol in the Nanyuan Military Academy under Duan Qirui, graduating in 1916. Afterwards he served in the Second Army of the Beiyang Government.\n\nIn 1919 Choi became a supporter of the March 1st Movement, and began to cultivate his own Korean Independence loyalties. Participating in the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea. In 1920 he was recommended by Seo Wal-bo, the first Korean pilot and fellow independence advocate, to study flying at the Baoding Aviation School. In 1924, he joined Wu Peifu's aviation team to participate in the Second ZhiFeng War. Reportedly, during the war, it was once mistakenly reported that Choi had died in battle, but nonetheless he survived, and was folded into Feng Yuxiang's army alongside all other Baoding cadets.\n\nGraduating in 1925, Choi would be assigned to the 2nd Air Force of the Guominjun, before being transferred to Wu Peifu upon his reconquest. Fighting in the Northern Expedition, Choi would see service in the latter ZhiFeng wars, being appointed deputy commander of the First Air Force for his service. Slowly rising up the ranks, Choi has now become an instructor at Nanjing's Air Force Academy, and as of 1935 serves as an Air Force Major.§!
Jang Duk-chang
Ryu Dong-yeol
Chae Byeong-deok
Shin Sung-mo
Lee Eung-jun
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 12th, 1890, in Anju, Pyongan Province, Joseon§!
Lyuh Woon-hyung
§YBorn:§! §LMay 25th, 1886, in Yangpyeong, Gyeonggi Province, Joseon§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNot all Korean nationalists affiliated themselves with the Provisional Government, and Lyuh Woon-hyung, once the Foreign Minister for the PGROK, is one of them. As foreign minister, Lyuh often found himself opposing the dominant factions. Lyuh was frequently approached in secret by Japanese officials trying to turn him, all returned bare-handed, if not severely ridiculed. Tiring of the constant factionalisation of the PGROK, he sought new contacts in the Third Internationale and the Kuomintang, only to fall out with them as well. After a tour of Southeast Asia fighting along local nationalists against the German colonial presence, Lyuh was eventually captured during a football match in Qingdao, where the German authorities promptly extradited him to Japan. After a short period of imprisonment Lyuh would return to the stage as the head of the Joongang Newspaper Company. He used this time to establish contacts with the various bickering groups in Korea, including his former rivals, building an underground presence hidden from the searchlights of the Japanese. This became known as the Committee for the Preparation of Korean Independence and as its leader Lyuh attempts to seek a unified force of all ideologies within the new Korean state. Under him, Korea shall grow strong, strong enough to weather the waves that it must bear alone. After years of trauma, Korea must not become a satellite or a 'Sister Republic' but instead a fully free and independent democracy!§!
Jo So-ang
§YBorn:§! §LApril 30th, 1887, in Wollong-myeon, Gyeonggi Province, Joseon§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJo So-ang, alumni of Sungkyunkwan, was selected by the Korean Imperial government to represent his country on an educational trip to Japan. Upon arriving, he encountered immense prejudice against his countrymen, and there began his long struggle to achieve his nation's independence. Jo would enrol into Meiji University as a law student but soon be shocked by the news of the annexation of Korea. After a long period of suffering from anxiety and depression, Jo would travel to Shanghai in an attempt to evade the spying eyes of the Japanese authorities. There, he would cross paths with the Korean officials who would later become the backbone of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea. Upon finishing his education, he settled in China for good. When the May 30th Movement shook eastern China, Jo quickly travelled to Shanghai, where he would meet up with his comrades and friends, who united together to form the Provisional Government. The year 1928 saw Jo, along with his two comrades, Kim Kyu-sik and Lyuh Woon-hong, arriving in the Shanghai Conference as the delegates of Syngman Rhee. Returning with what would be Rhee's downfall, Jo took the initiative to meet up with and participate in the KIP. Once the KNRP was established, Jo would again side differently now with Kim Wonbong. Kim, an ardent believer in the three principles of the people, welcomed Jo and his draft of Samgyunism, a Koreanised version of the principles that Kim was willing to accept to distance his party as a mere Kuomintang puppet. Jo now stands independent away from both reactionary bickering and Sinophilic socialists, trying his best to light a beacon of liberalism so his now finally independent motherland may sail soundly against the tide of history.§!
Chough Pyung-ok
§YBorn:§! §LMay 21st, 1894, in Cheonan, Chungcheong Province, Joseon§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter the impeachment and exile, then subsequent disappearance of Dr. Syngman Rhee in 1928, a young Chough Pyung-ok would meet many of Rhee's exiled and dispersing subordinates while studying in the United States. Greatly influenced by them and his patriotic father, Chough quickly returned to Korea to ignite independence movements at home. Neither affiliated with the Provisional Government nor the socialist presence, Chough would reunite with his friends of the old Rhee faction and form what would be the roots of the Korean Democratic Party, absorbing liberal elements from the KIP into their ranks. Full of zeal, the small party would attack the socialists and the KIP for their questionable ethics. Struggling, however, Chough and his subordinates eventually turned to deal with the devil, accepting hefty donations and entries from none other than their old enemy, the collaborators. With their money and power, the KDP grew from a small group to a fully-fledged political party but would permanently carry the stain as the party of the traitors.§!
Korean Liberation Army
§LA Korean military leader in exile with dreams of perhaps one day returning home to a Korea free from Japanese imperialism. For now, he has attached himself to the service of promising Chinese warlords in the hopes that one-day Korean independence may be achieved in his lifetime.§!
§LKorea was liberated by a socialist nation§!
§LKorea was liberated by the Left KMT or its supporters§!
§LKorea was liberated by a democratic state§!
§LKorea was liberated by an authoritarian state§!
§LKorea was liberated by the Qing. We will adopt a constitutional monarchy like them.§!
§LKorea was liberated by a national populist state§!
§LKorea was liberated by a reactionary regime§!
§LA non socialist regime consolidated control in Korea§!
§LA socialist regime consolidated control in Korea§!
§LKorea was liberated by the Right KMT or its supporters§!
Low Literacy Rate
Despite the establishment of an education system by the Japanese, the average literacy rate in Korea remains abysmally low. Higher education remains far off from the hands of the lower masses and during the Japanese era, Japanese was encouraged in favour of Korean. The new government of Korea will have to take great strides in resolving the educational crisis before political consolidation can occur.
Scarred Nation
Large parts of the country in the North and the South lie in utter ruins. The presence of total war on Korean soil has led to significant damage to infrastructure, and the Korean economy must find a way to survive without being tied to Japan.
Social Hierarchy
The social hierarchy of the Joseon Dynasty, while long obsolete, still is fresh in the minds of the populace, causing feuds between members of the old social castes. With the end of the Japanese imperial order in Korea, these class conflicts will surely arise again. The new government of Korea therefore must take steps to address this matter - lest it continue to slow our nation's progress.
Political Violence
Different ideological and political factions are squabbling against each other for more political relevance after the return of the provisional government. Attacks of all sorts are happening between political enemies, and even against their own comrades. In order to earn the trust and faith of our citizens, we must establish a sense of security and political stability.
People's Committees
Provisional Legal Code
Developing Industry
Agricultural Focus
Salvaged Japanese Industry
Growing Legitimacy
Developing Literacy
A Nation Once More
Martial Law
Agitated Population
Army of the Republic
Army of the Empire
KAIC
Silenced Democracy
Amended Constitution
Ilminism
Militarised Society
Korean Corporatism
Nationalist Education
Promote Nationwide Ilminism
The Confucian State
Confucian Education
Revitalised Economy
Revive Nationalism
Encourage Democracy
National Solidarity
An Equal Society
Decentralised Education
Rapidly Developing Economy
Miracle on the Han River
Nationwide Education Expansion
Social Revolution
Socialist Five Year Plan
Military Nation
Revolutionary Society
Socialist Education
A Strong Nation
The Three Principles
Sino-Korean Friendship
People's Army
Twin Tigers of East Asia
Katanga Focus Tree
Katanga
Katangese
Katanga
Garanganze
Katangese
Garanganze
Kitanika Mabumba Mushalila
§YBorn:§! §L1860, in the Kingdom of Garanganze§!
Pierre Ryckmans
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 23rd, 1891, in Antwerp, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Jules Cousin
§YBorn:§! §L1884, in Comblain-au-Pont, Liège, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Charles Tombeur
§YBorn:§! §LMay 4th, 1867, in Liège, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Armand Huyghé
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 11th, 1871, in Leuven, Flemish Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
CDK
Coalition des Démocrates Katangais
UMHK
Union Minière de Haut-Katanga
UMHK
Union Minière de Haut-Katanga
CDC
Convention des Démocrates Chrétiens
Ryckmans' Government
Ryckmans' Government
Mwami Loyalists
Mwami Loyalists
CNK
Congrès National de Katanga
Colonial rule has been re-established
The Mwami has taken control
Agreed on a trade deal with [SWA.GetNameDef]
Agreed on a trade deal with [TZN.GetNameDef]
Agreed on a trade deal with [POR.GetNameDef]
Rubber Forests have been successfully purchased
Diamond Mines have been successfully purchased
Signed a non-aggression pact with Kongo
We will change our flag to celebrate this new government.
§GTo ensure mining operations can resume at full speed, we need to define an export port§!
\n§GOur master will get the same benefits §!
§GWe will improve the harbour of our chosen partner§!
Reinforce the Mwami's Authority
The Germans secured the Mwami's rule. Though providence has seen to our independence, we must always be watchful for threats to his line's rule.
Council of Garanganze
A common method of political reform for regimes such as ours is to formalise the role and limits of the aristocracy in a formal parliament. The new council's role shall, of course, be limited and shall by design strengthen the Mwami further.
Invite Foreign Advisors
While many would now seek to expel foreign threats to our way of life, this cannot be. It is they who shall provide the expertise necessary to ensure our prosperity. Indeed, we should seek out skilled foreigners to serve as formal political advisors to the Mwami.
Deal with Union Minière du Haut-Katanga
UMHK is the foundation on which our entire economy is built. Not only do they provide employment in their extensive mining operations, but they also have a key role in providing Education and Health across Katanga. While working with a company closely linked to colonial exploitation may be controversial, their expertise will allow our mining sector to remain lucrative.
Belgian Mining Expertise
Belgian mining companies know Katanga as well as our people. For the exploitation of natural resources, we should seek the advice of former colonial officials.
Ruashi Mine Expansion
The great iron mine at Ruashi has fallen into disrepair. We should renovate it and introduce modern machinery.
Cobalt Mines
Demand for cobalt has exploded since the end of the Weltkrieg. Luckily, we possess it in abundance and only need to better exploit our cobalt deposits.
Create a Reichspakt Trade Centre
It is undeniable that by encouraging Mitteleuropa investment, we will be able to see great benefits for our economy. Promoting ourselves as a place where European interests are able to do business will allow us to position ourselves as a key centre of European-African Trade.
German Civil Engineering
If we are to create a modern infrastructure network, we must work with leaders in this field, an area in which German companies hold an unquestionable dominance. By working with firms such as Hochtief, we can embark on projects to rival those of Europe.
[879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], City of the Future
With the help of German engineering expertise, we will begin to transform [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] into a masterpiece in modernist design, which will serve as a model in modern city design not just for Africa but for the world as a whole.
National University of Katanga
With the foundations for modernity laid, we should now develop the present age's most impressive institution: a university.
Press Population into the Mines
More men are needed for the mines. Those who are idle or whose roles are menial should be forced to work in them.
Learn from the Force Publique
The Force Publique committed many atrocities in its enforcement of Belgian rule, but we cannot deny its competence. We should invite its former officers who now linger in obscurity in Belgium to serve as advisors. Surely they will jump at the chance to remodel our forces in the image of the crowning achievement of their lives.
Hire Askaris
With the collapse of Mittelafrikan rule, many old Askaris have returned to an unremarkable village life. We should put out a call to these men to once again grasp glory by the horns.
Build a National Arsenal
To develop modern arms, we will need to advance by leaps and bounds. To begin the process, we should establish a modern state arsenal through which all military production shall be routed.
License FN Guns
Fabrique Nationale, an arm of the Belgian state, remains one of the foremost manufacturers of firearms in the world. Using our connections in Belgium, we should secure a licence to produce their new designs domestically and the tooling to do so on the cheap.
Study the East Africa Offensive
Paul von Lettow-Vorbeck's campaign in Ostafrika was nothing short of a miracle. We should analyse his tactics.
European Artillery Tactics
The great guns of the Weltkrieg devastated millions and left a permanent scar on the battlefields of Europe. We must have our own pieces capable of such grand feats and integrate them into our doctrine.
By the Glory of the Mwami
Many believe the Mwami to be guided by the hand of God. We should play up these rumours and direct his admirers to national service.
The Heart of the Jungle
Our men are familiar with the rigours of jungle warfare. We must, however, standardise what is common knowledge to many and include it in the training regime for our growing army.
Expel Foreigners
Foreign influence has only served to undermine our culture and moral fortitude. Remaining foreigners should be sent packing, whatever the cost.
Establish the Yeke Army
Rather than adopt some foreign model, we should seek to modernise the fighting form and style of the old Yeke kingdom. Let the army of Yeke be reborn!
Learn from the Lunda War
While our past attempts to break the colonial yoke were met with failure, we will make sure that those who perished will not have done so in vain. If the Europeans attempt to return to Katanga, they will be sent running with their tails between their legs!
Memory of Msiri
The great Msiri held off the Europeans for many years and brought the Yeke kingdom to the zenith of its power. Information gathering was essential to his success, and if our forces are to secure victory in the field, they must be trained in reconnaissance.
Produce our own Weaponry
While we lack the requisite tooling to effectively produce modern weaponry, we can still produce our own equipment; we need only establish a modern enough production facility.
Train the Warrior Class
The traditional warrior class of Katanga was largely left alone by the Germans, but it languished under the Belgians. We must rebuild its numbers by institutionalising and reinforcing the societal standing of the old warrior class.
Confiscate Askari Weaponry
Once-Askaris have returned home still in possession of their modern small arms. We should find these men and take their guns for our army's use.
Recreate the Yeke Trade
The Yeke kingdom profited greatly by facilitating the trade of commodities across the African interior. Let us reopen trade routes which have fallen into disrepair and attempt to ensure the security of all traders within our borders.
Increase Ivory Gathering
Ivory is highly prized throughout the world. With sufficient organisation, we can greatly increase our ivory harvest and use the profits to build the infrastructure to process ivory domestically.
Farm the Rubber Tree
While the Congo colony was once the largest producer of rubber in the world, little was cultivated in Katanga, fuelling the growth of Europe. We should now promote the cultivation of the rubber tree for our people's benefit.
[879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]-Kamoto Railway
While we might reject European notions of progress, there is no denying that railways are an almost vital means of transporting goods. By establishing a rail link between the mining region of Kamoto and [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], we will be able to transport goods far more effectively.
Dismantle Union Minière
Union Minière is the embodiment of the parasitic relationship Europeans have with our people. We must dismantle this vestige of colonialism and foreign extraction so that the wealth of Katanga can belong to its people once more.
Dig for Gold
The gold deposits of Katanga remain totally untapped. While it will require a sizeable state investment to kickstart gold extraction, the reward is surely worth it.
Diamonds are Forever
While the mines of Kivu are more productive than our own, Katanga is indeed rich in diamonds. We should nationalise the largest mines and ensure their smooth functioning.
Seize Colonial Expertise
While most skilled foreigners may have been expelled from the region, the equipment and manuals they have left behind can still be utilised to advance Katanga. In addition, 'persuading' certain skilled individuals to remain and share their knowledge will allow us to train our own experts.
Colonial Rule Holds On
The Mwami has been defeated, and Colonial Rule has been established. Tensions are high, however, between the Flemish-Walloons and the native Katangese population, who urge the abolition of European patronalisation.
Dominer pour Servir
'Rule so we can Serve'. These simple words define the colonial policy that the old Belgian government decreed in the Congo. The Congolese are our children, and we have to raise and lift them so they too can enjoy the virtues of Western Progress. This is a slow process, and while it hopes to reward the Congolese in the end, colonial rule isn't supposed to disappear for many more years.
Restoration of the Missions
Due to aggressive German policies against the power of the Catholic church, many of our mission posts have been abandoned. Now that we are back in control, our Catholic associates are urging us to request new missionaries from Flanders-Wallonia so we can further develop our 'Dominer pour Servir' programme.
Continue the Mission to Civilise
It is our task to civilise the Dark Continent, and while the German regime has strayed Africans from the light of God, the time has returned to continue our task and bring Africa (slowly) into the future.
Reward the Evolués
It has become clear that we Europeans are not going to remain in Africa forever. Therefore, we have to prepare the African population for their approaching independence. By educating and promoting the Evolués, we can secure that a transfer of power can be executed both peacefully and without economic depression.
Free Elections of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
While Bunkeya remains our capital, the industrial and economic hub of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] is where the real power lies. Due to the execution of the German mayor by the Mwami's rebellion, a new mayor is to be elected, and the colonial government has proposed to open the elections to all citizens of the city.
Abolish the Invisible Colour Gap
Unlike the British or French colonies, there never was a distinct colour gap in Congo, but a glass ceiling blocked the Congolese from reaching high administrative or political positions. To combat the unrest caused by this, the new progressive government has started efforts to break through these traditions and has started training the Evolués to replace some of the strictly European posts.
Overhaul Union Minière de Haut-Katanga
Not only is UMHK the largest employer in our country, but nearly all of the economy relies on this company. To secure a steady stream of income to the state, UMHK is to be further integrated into the state and expanded upon.
Expand the Ruashi Mines
Due to the increasing importance of Copper in Europe, our mining operations have been expanding to meet demands. The Ruashi mine, which opened in 1911, has been one of our main copper and cobalt mines in Katanga and is in dire need of further expansion. To further guarantee prosperity for our people, the government has also decided to expand the nearby refining industry and provide jobs.
Limit Native Careers
Unlike many of the other colonial powers, UMHK allowed natives to operate heavy machinery and held large training programmes to educate the workforce successfully. A Katangese worker could climb up to become a machine operator or a clerk but was then limited by Belgian leadership to avoid losing control over the organisation.
Educate Native Engineers
German reforms in the last decades have greatly changed the consciousness of the Katangese population. They now demand equal jobs and equal pay as European workers and are strengthened in their demands by the new government. Therefore, UMHK is opening up engineering positions to all our citizens and created a schooling programme with professors from the universities of Liège and Gent.
Increase Cobalt Production
With rising arms production around the world and the great importance of Cobalt for modern technology, UMHK has decided to open three more mines around the city of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to meet these demands and further propel ourselves to become the prime exporter of this rare earth material.
Appoint District Overseers
Due to the collapse of the German regime, many of our administrative structures and personnel have been dissolved or killed. As our economy relies quite heavily on local chiefs and their influence, we need trained personnel to communicate with and oversee these Chefs and make them fall in line.
Reinstate the Chefferies
The system of Chefferies consisted of a rigid network of Colonial personnel and local chiefs. Once every few weeks, one of our district officials was to visit all the villages in his district and collect the gathered resources and speak law in the name of the central government.
Install Farming Quotas
To feed the growing urban populations of Bunkeya and [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], we have to impose strict farming quotas on the chefferies. These will then be collected by personnel of the colonial government in exchange for money and commodities and transferred to the cities.
Centre Extra-Coutumiers
While the system of Chefferies worked well in the past, the growing population and the questionable loyalty of the chefs have pushed the government to create their own economic centres in the countryside. These will take over the task of the chefferies and will be the centre for legal, economic, and social gathering.
Monopolise Agricultural Companies
Currently, our agricultural industry consists of farming quotas placed on the villages and the collection of these whenever the district manager passes by the village. This has proven an unreliable system and doesn't have the efficiency and output of modern farming. Therefore, the government has approved the creation of a state company like the UMHK to control this industry.
Increase Taxation
The Depression of Black Monday still looms over Katanga, and requests both from within the nation and Flanders-Wallonia itself have asked for a temporary increase in taxation to help the recovering economy.
Modernise Bunkeya
While Bunkeya is our capital, the city of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] is the true heart of Katanga. To increase the importance of Bunkeya and with the approval of the Mwami, the colonial government has started large-scale construction projects in the city to bring it to the 20th century and permit easier development of the surrounding lands.
Technical University of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Due to the large growth of the UMHK over the last years, they have offered the government a large amount of funds to help in the creation of a technical university in [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. Requests for teachers and further funding have been sent to Flanders-Wallonia and have been met with large approval of the Flemish-Walloon population, sending their expertise and capital to develop Katanga.
Electrify Bunkeya-[879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Our two main cities are disconnected from each other, making communication and transport very difficult. Therefore, the Bunkeya-Elisabethville railway is to be expanded, enabling larger amounts of both goods and people to use the line.
The Colonial Trinity
All power in the colony lies with the three Pillars of modern society: Church, Capital, and Order. The Church provides spiritual and basic education, Capital offers job opportunities, creates commodities, and sustains everyday needs, while Order keeps those that step out of line from spreading their message.
Patronisation of the Natives
The Congolese citizen is less developed than his European counterpart and needs careful assistance to guide him on his path. Media and newspapers have to be censored to make them model citizens, and government functions are best kept away from them until they have earned their civilisation certificate.
Control all Aspects of Modern Life
UMHK controls all aspects of its workers' lives. They work in its mines, eat in its cantinas, and buy their groceries in its stores. Housing is provided to all workers as well as support for the wife and children of the miner. While this has provided a life of certain welfare to the miners, a sudden crisis in the company not only removes their jobs but their whole lives.
Congolese-Belgian Melting Pot
[879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has grown to become a hub for both Flemish-Walloons and Katangese who all live next to each other. The old European quarter and the cité indigène have been dismantled and have paved the way for large avenues and a larger feeling of cohesion between the natives and the colonials.
Improve Native Living Standards
With jobs and pay equal for both natives and colonials, the overall welfare of the population has risen. Due to the booming copper mining business and new mining techniques from universities all across Mitteleuropa, working conditions have also improved dramatically, paving the way for the 8-hour workday.
Equals for the Law
No longer shall a Congolese citizen be punished harder for the same crime as his colonial counterpart. With the introduction of a completely new legal system, borrowing heavily from the Flemish-Walloon, the rights of all men are guaranteed.
Restore Stability in the Force Publique
Due to the chaos that ensued in the wake of the Mwami's rebellion, the Flemish-Walloons in [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] quickly reformed the Force Publique out of the ashes of German askaris to resist his attack. While we successfully repulsed their assault, the FP is only a shadow of its former self.
A European Army
It has become clear that only through an experienced and well-disciplined army can the natives be kept under control. With experts from Europe, we will be able to form a small but strong corps.
An African Army
The end of Colonialism is approaching, and we need to secure a well-trained corps bolstered with local officers to make sure the nation doesn't fall into disarray after our departure.
Heavy Equipment
To assist in the defence of our cities and the attack of foreign strongholds, we need artillery to support our advancing troops.
Build the Arsenal of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
To reduce our dependence on Flemish-Walloon guns, we need to secure a large stockpile and start our own rudimentary production.
FRC Katanga
With help from the Fonderie Royal de Canoniers, we will set up our own artillery foundry to supplement our imported stock.
Reform the Force Publique
While the FP had its successes in the past, it has become clear that we need closer cooperation with the local troops instead of a sole focus on colonial high command.
Found Military Academy of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
To supplement our Officer training programme, the Colonial government has opened the Military Academy of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName].
Defence of Katanga
With Portuguese vultures and warlords on all sides, all must come to the defence of Katanga!
Restoration of the Force Publique
In spite of their controversial history, the Force Publique has once again proved vital in maintaining order against the chaos of Africa. By restoring the structure of European officers, we can ensure that the new Force Publique retains the respect and ability of its Belgian predecessors.
Learn from the East Africa Offensive
While the initial campaigns of the FP proved successful against the German forces, the collapse of the British and the subsequent failure of the Western Front forced us to disband the corps. Now that the corps is reinstated, it's time to learn from our failures and adapt.
Secure our Investments
We may have lost the Congo, but we will not let African war chiefs undo all of our hard labour. If they cannot guarantee a free market, we will persuade them on the field.
Access to the Sea
With the collapse of Mittelafrika, our export economy has completely collapsed due to the loss of our main trading ports.
Loanda Port
The Portuguese control the Angolan port of Loanda, which could be an excellent trading partner if they accept our offer.
Send a Trade Mission to Portugal
While German influence has collapsed, Portugal remains in control of its African holdings to our east and west. Their support and economic assistance are essential to maintaining our independence.
Submission to Portugal
We have accepted Portuguese protection in exchange for broad autonomy and economic assistance. Let us reap the benefits of this controversial agreement.
[879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]-[540.GetName] Railroad Expansion
Katanga and Portuguese Angola are separated by merely a few hundred miles, yet no rail connections exist. With our men and Portuguese financial backing, we shall have a rail line at last.
Support the Manikongo
Katanga has always been at least nominally part of the Congo colony. This presents both advantages and disadvantages - on one hand, we retain connections to the elite of Kinshasa where the new Kongolese regime is based, on the other, that gives them a basis on which to assert control over us. We must come to an agreement with the Manikongo to stop this.
Send Military Equipment
It is in our best interest to ensure that the regime in Kinshasa survives its present conflict. While we possess few arms, we should send what we can spare to them.
Boma Port
Infrastructure is already in place to carry goods from Katanga to the river port city of Boma. We should approach the Manikongo about reopening these old routes on a permanent basis.
Join in the Kongolese Civil War
As Kinshasa and Kivu fight, they both grow weaker. We can now strong-arm our old allies in Kinshasa for recognition in exchange for support in their current conflict.
Establish German Connections
German rule was beneficial for the Mwami and the Katangan ruling class. We should continue to work closely with them.
[965.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Port
The port of [965.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] is one of the greatest on the continent. To secure our trade with our German friends, no matter what comes, we must have use of [965.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]'s port.
Katanga-Ostafrika Railroad
No direct rail connection exists between our lands and the German stronghold of Ostafrika. With German financial assistance, we should lay down a new system between [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and [965.GetCapitalVictoryPointName].
Look towards our Investments
Rather than seek the re-assertion of oh-so-beneficial German hegemony over Africa, we should look to strengthen ourselves economically. What few funds we have should be directed, in partnership with our allies, towards the exploitation of the natural bounty of the land.
Support Mittelafrikan Restoration
The Germans have been benevolent masters; under them, the unimpeded rule of the Mwami was assured. We should assist in their restoration, with more favourable conditions for ourselves of course.
Call on Brussels
We still maintain connections to our old Belgian overlords. We should call on our friends in Brussels for assistance in our time of need.
Military Support from Flanders-Wallonia
While the Belgians were never a great military power, the Force Publique was highly disciplined. We should request Belgian assistance in military affairs as such.
Defence of the Shinkolobwe Mines
The uranium mines at Shinkolobwe are the most productive such mines in the world. They are of immense strategic value to us and our Western friends and can never be allowed to fall into enemy hands.
Zambesian Copper Mining Expertise
Our own known copper deposits remain untapped. We should work together with our friends next door in Zambesia to change this.
Recruit Porters for the Africa Campaigns
While we have access to technologies such as the steamboat and the railway, much of the continent is still only accessible on foot. Capable of carrying around 55 pounds each, Porters have always been a vital means of ferrying goods in Africa. They will be vital in supplying the campaign to retake the continent.
Create the Katangese Economic Dependency
It's undeniable that through our support of German interests in Africa, we have found ourselves increasingly reliant on them to support our economy. This has now reached the point where we are completely beholden to Germany. While it may not be the most desirable option, we must adapt accordingly if we are to make the best of it.
Further Expansion of the UMHK
While we have expanded our operations greatly, the soil of Katanga is still abundant with vital resources ready to be exploited. We must provide Union Minière with whatever resources it needs to expand its operations. Dig deep and dig greedily!
Increase Shipping Capacity
In times of crisis, the merchant fleets of foreign nations could become unreliable as a means to carry our goods to the wide world. We must have the capacity to operate independently within these ports.
Congolese Railroad Expansion
We must connect our new ventures to Katanga directly. To do this, we should build direct light rail connections.
Diamond Mines of Kivu
We have secured the exclusive right to exploit some of the world's most lucrative diamond mines in the Kivu region. We should get started.
Rubber Farming in Bas-Congo
We have secured the right to cultivate some of the Kongo's once most lucrative areas for rubber cultivation. We should use our people to begin cultivation in the Kongo again and, better yet, bring some of that expertise back to cultivate our own crops.
Union Minière de Haut-Katanga
Technical University of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Fabrique Nationale Katanga
Mauser Katanga
[879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] National Arsenal
Fonderie Royale de Canons Katanga
Royal Artillery Foundry
Minerva Katanga
Renard Katanga
Focke Wulf Katanga
Violent Revolution
Loss of Western Intellect
Flemish-Walloon Mining Corporations
Gécamines
German Civil Engineering
Reichspakt Trade Centre
Foreign Technological Assistance
Re-established Yeke Trade
Union Minière Dismantled
Gold Trade
Diamond Trade
Expanded Warrior Class
Glory to the Mwami!
Memory of the Free State
Dominer pour Servir
Restoration of the Missions
Mission to Civilise
Reward the Evolués
End of the Invisible Colour Gap
District Managers
Chefferies
Farming Quotas
Export Tax
Improved Living Standards
Belgian Engineers
African Engineers
Military Academy
Defence of Katanga
Desertion Crisis in the FP
European Officers
Congolese Officers
Restored Force Publique
Reformed Force Publique
Overhauled Judicial System
Colonial Trinity
Total Control
Portuguese Aid
Congolese Porters
No Sea Access
Re-established Sea Connection
Tangyanikan Land Route
Angolan Land Route
Shinkolobwe Uranium
§MColonial Rule Holds On§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have the Flemish-Walloon administration stay put when the Mwami seizes control.\n£white_dot Completing the focus \
Katanga offers a Non-aggression Pact
Along with our independence, the people of Katanga have also secured their part of the Congo. Now they have sent an envoy to our capital to discuss terms of peaceful coexistence. They guarantee no aid to our enemies, the Kivu, in exchange for a non-aggression pact securing their independence after the war is over and free access to the old Colonial port of Boma.
Accept their treaty.
Refuse their proposal.
Kongo accepts Non-aggression Pact
The government of Kongo has agreed with our proposal and has signed a non-aggression pact with us. If we are to continue using our access to the sea via the Boma route, we can't interfere in any way in the Congolese wars.
To peaceful cooperation!
Kongo refuses Non-aggression Pact
The Kongolese have refused our offer and have willfully avoided answering our question of guaranteed independence. This means that war with the Kongo after their fight with the Kivu is almost guaranteed. To avoid defeat against a numerically superior enemy, we best look for other allies, like the Germans...
This will lead nowhere.
The Mwami Has Seized Control!
Just as the tax collectors were returning from the inland territories and the miners of the Union Minière were enjoying a well-deserved peaceful Sunday afternoon, news arrived in the capital that the Mwami of the Garanganze people had deposed the German governor, executed his associates and taken control over the province.\n\nWith most of the populace still unaware of these shocking developments and having relatively content relations with the Flemish-Walloon administration, this comes as a huge shock to the colonials. For over 50 years, the word of the white man was law and every form of disobedience was punished severely. Now a native king of a small village has dared to stand up to their command and taken power into his own hands.\n\nA friendly football competition between the Flemish-Walloons and the Katangese was just underway when news hit the city of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. At first, the citizens can't believe what they are hearing and life continues as normal. In the Colonial headquarters, chaos has erupted with a split occurring between those who want to stay and fight to preserve that which they have built up for years and those who want to leave the continent as quickly as possible. The bishop of the city can be seen speaking with the head of Askari forces stationed in the city and Pierre Ryckmans, mayor of the city. Should they try to escape the country now that German rule has faltered or should they entrench themselves in the white quarter protected by the loyal Askari forces?
Order a mass evacuation of the colony!
The Flemish-Walloon administration stays put.
Alone on the Dark Continent
With Ryckmans giving the order to entrench in the city of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], the Katangese population finally realised what was going on. While a certain part of the population sees the rebellion and fall of German rule as their chance at liberation from European rule, the majority of the city's population is less convinced by the arguments of their brothers. While their life in the city has not been easy, many remember the days of their tribal past and the hardships those brought with them. European rule may have been fierce and often unjust, but with it came a certain degree of welfare that many no longer want to abandon and have thus rallied behind the banner of the colonial administration.\n\nTables, chairs, cupboards and more furniture are being dragged onto the streets establishing temporary barricades while citizens from the suburbs are being transferred to the city plaza. Arms and medical supplies, many of which date back from the Belgian era, are being taken from the kazernes and beds are rolled into the [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] hospital. While many of the men, women and children have no fighting experience, hundreds of young miners, factory workers and colonial employees are being forced to take up arms to defend their families and city from the Mwami's army. Out of a total population of around 45,000 citizens, 35,000 have barricaded themselves with the Flemish-Walloon forces while the rest have fled the city and taken shelter in the nearby villages. Only small bands of separatists now remain outside the fortified centre and are plundering and sacking the outskirts of the city, taking their revenge on the évolués and properties of the whites in preparation for the arrival of the Mwami's forces.
A soft rain is setting in.
Mwami Forces Approach the City
Three days have passed since the killing of the governor and the collapse of German rule, and forces of the Mwami are marching on [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to once and for all destroy any remainder of Colonial rule. Many of the villages along the road to [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] have already picked their sides and have either sworn loyalty or have been sacked by his forces. Village after village, the Mwami approaches the capital, whites from all surrounding villages and labourers of the Flemish-Walloon companies have travelled to the city seeking refuge behind its barricade. Word of the resistance has been sent to Flanders-Wallonia to inform them of the Mwami's march, but with infrastructure in shambles after the Collapse and roving parties roaming the Congo basin, it has become apparent that no European aid will arrive in time.
Finalise all preparations.
The Siege Begins
On the evening of the first week, the Mwami has finally reached the city. With rain still pouring down as if God himself has opened the floodgates, life inside the fortifications is becoming tougher by the day.\n\nUnder cover of darkness, a perimeter is established surrounding the city by the Mwami while scouting parties are sent inside the outskirts to investigate the fortifications made by the Colonials. While the Mwami is outnumbered by the population of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], his army consists of trained warriors and disgruntled veterans from the East Africa offensive, while the defenders only have a small 1000 soldiers armed with Weltkrieg weapons from the Force Publique and a couple of European officers. To frighten the defenders, the Mwami has commanded a thousand fires to be lit around the city and has initiated a war chant dating back from the Lunda war, to show the colonials that the Stairs Expedition will be avenged with fire and blood.
Tighten the perimeter!
Battle for [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
At 8.00, the Mwami finally gives the signal the citizens of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] have anxiously awaited during the night. Horns are sounded, shouting intensifies and the first charge commences. The assaulting force, numbering over 5000 trained warriors from his capital in Bunkeya, storm through the main avenue while deserted Askari warriors cover their attack.
Fix bayonets! Repel them at all costs!
The Mwami Falls Back
For over 12 hours now, the battle for [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has been raging with heavy casualties on both sides, forcing both parties to fall back for now and cut their losses. While the blockade at the north side of Kamalondo got overrun just after the morning, a concentrated effort of German machine guns, ex-soldiers of the Force Publique and an armed citizen militia was able to reconquer the point just before the evening, thus preventing a major breakthrough in the neighbourhood. While much of the Southern suburbs got overrun in the assault, with parts of the city set ablaze to cover the retreat, the fight did not provide the Mwami with the decisive victory he desired and needed for the morale of his soldiers. Even though casualties are hard to estimate with certain parts of the city still in active combat, Ryckmans has estimated casualties on his side to number upwards of 3000. Casualties in the loyal Askari force were quite minimal but the loss of squads in the reconquest of Kamalondo is taking its toll on the already limited force.
The future is looking bleak.
The Assault Recommences
Throughout the rest of the week, the Mwami furiously resumed his attacks on the city, each subsequent attack proving less effective than the last. Seeing the resolve of the [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] populace and the firm leadership by the Colonial administration, desertion has started to spread through the ranks of the Mwamin causing severe issues to his supply lines and the morale of the remaining warriors. At last, the Mwami sees no other solution than to offer a ceasefire to Pierre Ryckmans. Upon agreement, he offers the Colonials the right to retain their autonomy and power over the city of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], control over the mines of the UMHK and a continuation of the pre-Collapse policy as long as he is allowed to rule the Yeke kingdom from his seat in Bunkeya as he pleases.
Accept the Ceasefire.
End of the Siege
With the last of the Mwami's forces leaving the city, the devastation caused by the siege has finally become apparent. Hundreds of houses are burned down, streets are blockaded by debris and thousands of brave Congolese and colonials lay unburied on the battlefield. This fight may be won, but the recovery has only just begun.
Colonial order is restored!
Riots of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
With the Mwami approaching the city, many of the formerly loyal inhabitants see their chance at true independence free from White oppression. Mass rioting breaks out with houses of colonials being plundered and set ablaze. Greek and Italian restaurants and shops are being set alight and the overseers at UMHK are decapitated on the streets.
Katanga will be independent!
Envoy from the Garanganze
An envoy from [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], deep in the jungles of the Congo, has arrived in our capital of Windhuk. They report that a small division of the Force Publique and the remaining colonials were able to hold off the armies of the Mwami. A treaty was thus signed between the citizens of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and the Mwami, allowing them to continue their colonial rule with the Mwami as a symbolic leader. Even though their situation is stable at the moment, the colonial government under Pierre Ryckmans has requested further support to assure Reichspakt influence over the province.
Support their government.
Refuse all aid.
Treaty with Südwestafrika
Our envoys have returned from Windhuk bringing with them support from the German colony. While they have reluctantly recognised our sovereignty for now, it's clear that once they have become more powerful, a formal request to rejoin Mittelafrika will be made.
Consolidate our power.
The Namibians have Abandoned Us!
Our envoys have returned empty-handed from the German colony of Südwestafrika, bringing word that they have no intention of backing our government.
Damn it.
Envoy from the Garanganze
An envoy from [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], deep in the jungles of the Congo, has arrived in our capital of Dar-es-Salaam. They report that a small division of the Force Publique and the remaining colonials were able to hold off the armies of the Mwami. A treaty was thus signed between the citizens of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and the Mwami, allowing them to continue their colonial rule with the Mwami as a symbolic leader. Even though their situation is stable at the moment, the colonial government under Pierre Ryckmans has requested further support to assure Reichspakt influence over the province.
Support their government.
Refuse all aid.
Treaty with Ostafrika
Our envoys have returned from Dar-es-Salaam bringing with them support from the German colony. While they have reluctantly recognised our sovereignty for now, it's clear that once they have become more powerful, a formal request to rejoin their nation will be made.
Consolidate our power.
Daressalam has Abandoned Us!
Our envoys have returned empty-handed from the German colony of Ostafrika, bringing word that they have no intention of backing our government. Without support from Daressalam, it'll be very hard for the Colonial government to hold on to power with enemies on all sides.
We'll have to hold on with what we have.
Envoy from Katanga
Through a vast communications network sustained by the Catholic Church in Katanga, news has reached us about the situation of our former colony. Through clever use of the Force Publique and by utilising the population of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], the colonial government under Pierre Ryckmans was able to re-establish colonial rule. Now, a formal request has been made by his government for support from our country. In the chaos that ensued after the fall of Mittelafrika, most of our citizens living and working in the Congo were able to escape to [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], where the central power of our mining operations is located. Reports from the missions indicate that around 10,000 of our colonials were able to retreat to [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], where they proclaimed Pierre Ryckmans as their colonial governor. While our government isn't able to launch a full-scale offensive to liberate our citizens, the colonials have requested that we send them weapons, ammunition and food supplies so they can hold off the African war chiefs.
Send them all the help we can give them.
Wait for the German response.
Support from the motherland
Through an intricate network of shady deals and the use of surrounding nations, support from Flanders-Wallonia has arrived in [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. Bringing much-needed equipment to fill our shortages, tools and Flemish-Walloon experts have also been transported to help in the rebuilding of the city. Further aid has been promised by Brussels but is awaiting approval in the port of Antwerp.
Let's get to work!
The motherland hesitates
While there is definitely political pressure from within the government to support the Flemish-Walloon citizens (and more importantly the mines), they have decided to await a German response before fully committing themselves to our cause.
Hopefully, aid will arrive in time.
Garanganze has requested Flemish-Walloon aid
News has reached us that the Colonial government under Pierre Ryckmans in Katanga has requested Flemish-Walloon aid in the rebuilding of their capital and continued support for their army. With around 10,000 Flemish-Walloons in the colony, their government has no choice but to support their fellow countrymen. For now, they have, however, held off awaiting a German response. This could be our opportunity to win their support in our recolonisation efforts if we offer our ports and infrastructure to their mission.
Offer help to the Flemish-Walloons.
Refuse to recognise their state.
Südwestafrika offers support
The German colony of Südwestafrika has offered to help us in our relief mission to the trapped colonials by opening up their ports and railroads to our shipments. While we are grateful for their aid, it seems like they will use this as leverage to force a deal later on.
We have no choice but to accept.
Further requests from [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
While our previous shipments have (mostly) safely arrived in [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], the colonial government has requested us to send military personnel as well to help in training and expanding the Force Publique. Veterans from the East Africa offensive who have returned to Flanders-Wallonia after the Weltkrieg are volunteering to help their countrymen and are asking the government permission to lead an expedition into the Congo.
Approve their expedition.
Only send equipment.
Expedition from Flanders-Wallonia
To further complement our regiments of the Force Publique, Flanders-Wallonia has decided to send an armed expedition led by veterans from the East Africa offensive. Under the command of Charles Tombeur and Armand Huyghé, the trained veterans have been placed in the barracks of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to help fortify the city.
The Force Publique stands stronger!
Flanders-Wallonia sends more equipment
While we had requested a military expedition from the motherland, it seems that Brussels has decided to limit their intervention to just equipment and supplies.
We can't complain, weapons are weapons.
Trade mission from Katanga
After the collapse of Mittelafrika, the remaining colonial rule was heavily challenged by the Garanganze Mwami until he was finally defeated in [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and reduced to a titular king. Due to our ambitions to take over the region and our access to the ports of the Atlantic Ocean, the colonial government under Pierre Ryckmans has offered us a trade agreement where we would allow them to use our ports and railroads in exchange for heavy tariffs. While this could be a profitable agreement, we have to keep our expansion plans in mind. Supporting a Reichspakt colony could drastically reduce our chances of conquest.
Allow free trade.
Refuse them access to our ports.
Trade agreement signed
The Portuguese government has accepted our proposal and has opened up the ports of Angola to trade.
Finally, the mines can return to maximum capacity.
Trade agreement refused
The Portuguese have refused our proposal and closed off all Angolan ports to our traders. Without their access, the only way to export our resources is through bribing war chiefs and shady deals.
Contact the war chiefs.
Portuguese express interest in our territories
The Portuguese government has made its intentions to conquer our territory clear and is starting to prepare an invasion. While our forces couldn't possibly hold off the entire Portuguese army, we could start digging ourselves in, hoping for a miracle. We could offer the province to Portugal, sparing our citizens and industry the brunt of their invasion. On the other hand, we could also ask for help, as Südwestafrika's aid may secure our continued existence, even though our autonomy will be compromised.
Dig ourselves in.
Ask Südwestafrika for help.
Propose a peaceful resolution to Portugal.
Katanga proposes a deal
Wary of our expansion drift, the government of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has offered a peaceful resolution to the conflict. They offer to transfer control over to our government if we can guarantee their mining operations and European population. While their offer could prevent needless loss of Portuguese lives, it will force us to adhere to their colonial structure instead of full annexation into our African holdings.
Accept their offer.
Refuse their offer and continue preparations.
The Portuguese have refused our offer
Our diplomats have returned empty-handed as the Portuguese government expressed their desire for full integration into their empire. With no possible peaceful resolution to the conflict, we can either fight it out until the end or beg Südwestafrika to save us from the Portuguese, though we would have to sacrifice our independence.
Prepare the defences.
Ask Südwestafrika to save us.
The Portuguese have accepted our offer
The Portuguese government has accepted our offer and has sent with our diplomats Portuguese citizens who are to help us in the transfer of power. The Portuguese flag has been hoisted in [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], and the Mwami has been crowned king of Portuguese Garanganze.
A change of government is in order.
Katanga prepares its defences
Fearing a full-scale invasion into their territory, the Garanganze are fortifying their capital of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. Thankfully, they have failed to get any foreign aid. While they won't be able to stand up to our army, they are going to hold out as long as they can.
Continue preparations.
Katanga requests assistance
Fearing a Portuguese invasion, the Garanganze have contacted us to discuss a possible alliance to ward off Portuguese ambitions. They offer to reattach themselves to our colony if we help them in their struggle against the Portuguese.
Integrate Katanga.
Refuse their offer.
Südwestafrika offers aid in exchange for reattachment
The German colonies have answered our call for aid, and Südwestafrika has promised us aid if we join their recreation of the Mittelafrika project. Without any other way to survive the Portuguese invasion, we have no choice but to accept these harsh demands.
Transfer power to Windhuk.
Südwestafrika refuses to intervene
To avoid direct confrontation with Portugal, the German government in Windhuk has refused to send help and has left us all on our own. It shall be a hard fight but with some luck, we may be able to survive behind our fortifications.
Defiance till the end!
Katanga offers interest in our Rubber reserves
To further boost their profits, Flemish-Walloon mining and resource companies based in Katanga have offered interest in some of our plantations and forests. In exchange for selling some of these forests, they offer to develop the region, boosting our own rubber production and upgrading our railroads.
Sell the Forests.
Refuse their offer.
Rubber Forests Acquired
After successfully lobbying and convincing their government, the UMHK and its subsidiaries have successfully bought Rubber forests in Bas-Congo.
Splendid.
Offer denied
Even though we offered profitable terms to their government, the sale of large-scale Rubber plantations has been refused, sending our investors packing.
Truly a shame.
Katanga offers interest in our Diamond reserves
To further boost their profits, Flemish-Walloon mining and resource companies based in Katanga have offered interest in some of our Diamond mines. In exchange for selling some of these mines, they offer to develop the region, boosting our own industry and upgrading our railroads.
Sell the Mines.
Refuse their offer.
Diamond Mines Acquired
After successfully lobbying and convincing their government, the UMHK and its subsidiaries have successfully bought Diamond mines in the Kivu region.
Splendid.
Offer denied
Even though we offered profitable terms to their government, the sale of large diamond mines has been refused, sending our investors packing.
Truly a shame.
Elections in [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
For the first time in colonial history, free elections for both blacks and whites will decide on the new mayor (and de facto governor) of Katanga. The Catholic missions have proposed that Pierre Ryckmans continue his term while the large companies (like the UMHK) urge the voters to choose Jules Cousin as the leader of the city. A new African workers' party, under the lead of Léonard Mpoyi, has also announced their bid for the position and has been seen swaying voters in the cité indigène.
Pierre Ryckmans and the Catholics.
Jules Cousin and the UMHK.
Léonard Mpoyi and the African Workers Party.
Ryckmans consolidates Colonial power
After the victory over the Mwami, the reinstated colonial government under Pierre Ryckmans has proceeded on their path to consolidate their power. As the Mwami licks his wounds in Bunkeya and with the support of the [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] population, a formal letter has been sent to the Mwami informing him that his services are no longer necessary for Katanga and that he has been removed from power. This will surely upset his most loyal followers, but after their defeat, some careful precision strikes by the Force Publique and Flemish-Walloon paratroopers will hopefully extinguish their flame of resistance.
Ryckmans assumes full control over Katanga.
The Mwami refuses
Word has returned from Bunkeya where the Mwami, outraged by our demands, has ripped the letter apart and given the order to remobilise his forces. Due to their loss in [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] earlier this year, his troops are undersupplied and lacking in ammunition. Meanwhile, the Force Publique has been preparing their assault unit and para-commandos from Flanders-Wallonia have landed in [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] earlier today.
Assault Bunkeya!
The Mwami has fled!
Realising that his position in Bunkeya is unattainable, he has given the order to retreat to the old fortress of Munema where they will entrench themselves and wait for our forces to arrive. Meanwhile, the first trucks loaded with our troops have arrived in Bunkeya, and the city has been secured. A temporary airstrip has been created to accommodate the para-commandos, while a new plan of action is being formalised.
Offer the Mwami a last chance to surrender.
Final assault on Munema
Honouring his legacy, the Mwami has decided to die fighting the colonials like his ancestor Msiri did during the Stairs expedition. In response to his decision and uncomfortable with the loss of Force Publique lives, Tombeur has given the order to bomb the Munema fortress and follow up with a combined push by Flemish-Walloon para-commandos and Force Publique foot soldiers. The ancient fortress was not at all capable of resisting this type of modern warfare and fell in under 2 hours with the Mwami leading a desperate charge against the para-commandos when he was finally mowed down by combined gunfire. After the dust settled and the wounded carried off for treatment, the final death count was 24 colonial troops against nearly a thousand of the Mwami's finest.
So falls the house of Msiri.
Football in Katanga
Due to Belgian influence and Catholic missionaries from West Flanders, football is slowly becoming the most important religion in Katanga. Organised by père Raphaël de la Kethulle, football matches and small championships are held throughout [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. Through growing mining sites and the continued education policy of our governor, the père hopes to improve social promotion of the Africans and has requested the government to further expand his vision by the creation of the Association Sportive Congolaise.
Approve the organisation.
Recognition from the Flemish-Walloon Football Association
The FWFA has eagerly observed the growing popularity of football in Katanga and has decided to pump further funding into the Association Sportive Congolaise, upgrading its infrastructure, providing better support, and even allowing for promotion into the Flemish-Walloon Cup. To further strengthen the bonds between the two organisations, the Beerschot club has announced their visit to [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to face off against the best of our nation. To show off the successful return of the colonial regime, plans for a new station are being drafted named after Adelbert I.
Show them that Katanga has entered the 20th century!
King Adelbert Stadium
Built under the careful supervision of père de la Kethulle and funded by the Association Sportive Congolaise, hundreds of workers have been building for months to finish the prestige project of the Colonial government. Due to the père, hundreds of Katangese school children have volunteered to aid in the construction as well, hoping to one day be able to become world stars and play in the Flemish-Walloon league. Built for over 50,000 supporters, the stadium is supposed to become the centre of the [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] sports associations with an athletics club planned as well.
Slowly the building grows.
[879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]-Beerschot
Finally the big day has approached, Beerschot has flown from Brussels to [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to play against the [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] club who were able to defeat Bunkeya in a close 4-3 last month. Accompanied by loud music and even a performance of the Force Publique orchestra, the stadium started to fill up with more than 50,000 Katangese already inside and more than 20,000 waiting outside. With a burning sun shining on the supporters, the match began with a goal from Mokuna against the Flemish-Walloon keeper. The Beerschot attackers were able to turn the tide around at the 42-minute mark, scoring two goals against the failing [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] defence, placing the score 2-1 at half-time. During the second half, three more attacks by Beerschot were blocked by the [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] defence, and Mokuna was able to score another goal in the 76th minute, placing the final score at 2-2. Ecstatic with the beautiful performance their team was able to present to the Flemish-Walloons, celebrations continued deep into the night together with the Beerschot supporters.
A fine day for Katanga!
Muhemili Abeli against the UMHK
After getting caught for stealing a bed, 7 chairs, 5 tables, and even a washbasin, Muhemili Abeli has been brought to trial for repeated theft and trade with the black market. She countered that due to the reforms pushed by UMHK after the Black Monday scandal, many of the workers can't afford their life necessities anymore and that she resorted to stealing to sustain her family. Support for her case has been growing in the cité indigène where many more miners have fallen on tough times after the firing of 300 miners last year.
Start aid measures.
Further scandals in the UMHK
A study in the [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] paper has been published outlining the atrocities committed by the UMHK against the Hutu population of Rwanda. By promising them wealth and success, many unemployed men have travelled to [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to be employed in the mines. Insisting that they are naturally protected against low oxygen environments due to their mountainous home and don't need the 'Chambres à Vapeur' to acclimatise to the situation down below, many of these men have died from loss of oxygen or malaria and been secretly buried away from the general public. Now the study has leaked out to the population of [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] resulting in a massive strike against the UMHK until better working conditions can be guaranteed. Over in the Colonial government, debate is also occurring over the replacement of the Chefs in the mine of question to deter exploding anti-colonialist thoughts.
Fire all the Overseers.
Conflict within the UMHK
In continuation of the pre-Weltkrieg colonial policy, the UMHK has once again dedicated itself to a combination of complex bureaucracy and a general patronising attitude towards its workers. Due to the expansion of the corporation over the years, however, this combination is no longer viable for the entire firm leading to loopholes and unjustified punitive measures against the wrong miner. After the economic crisis of 1936, many of the miners are now completely at the mercy of the company, depending on them for food, social facilities, and accommodation. To cut back their losses, the UMHK decided to cut back spending for these facilities, causing a general decline in the welfare of the Katangese and increasing calls for better loans and houses now that the economy is on the up.
Discuss with the UMHK board of directors.
Workshop burned down
Near the Ruashi mines, fires have burned down multiple workshops causing the work to come to a complete stop. It looks like it was a deliberate act of arson by some of the workers as a protest against the low wages and old housing facilities.
Improve the housing facilities.
UMHK demolishes a cemetery
In their recent expansion of the cobalt mines in South-Katanga, a group of Flemish-Walloon construction engineers has accidentally destroyed a local cemetery causing outrage amongst the population who claim that the colonials have no respect for their culture and traditions and are purely here for profit. In [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], the situation is escalating with multiple shops and cafes run by colonials getting thrashed and a general strike in the UMHK. The colonial government is debating whether to take this opportunity to finally complete the nationalisation of the UMHK, forcing the company to directly change its policy and offer better working conditions to the native workforce.
Nationalise the UMHK.
Leave the company independent.
General Strike in [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
After yet another large amount of lay-offs at the UMHK without compensation, hundreds of miners have gathered in the Stade Roi Adelbert to confront the mayor of the city and discuss possible repercussions for the UMHK. Due to a planned visit to Bunkeya however, Pierre Ryckmans wasn't able to meet with the strikers and has sent his deputy Amour Maron to handle the situation. When Léonard Mpoyi and his colleagues however started presenting their evidence to the gathered council, Amour Maron shot the man next to Mpoyi point blank and ordered the Force Publique to open fire on the strikers. Over 50 miners were shot dead with hundreds of wounded. The strike has been quelled but for how long...?
Increase the Force Publique garrison in the cité indigène.
Mutiny in the [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Barracks
Instigated by the aggressive reaction of Amour against the striking workers of the UMHK, Premier Sergeant-Major Ngoie Mukalabushi has revolted against the colonial administration, working together with Mpoyi to undermine the Flemish-Walloon regime and bring full independence to Katanga. Hundreds of miners following Mpoyi have joined forces with the mutinous Force Publique, forcing their way into the white quarter to topple the regime.
Reinforcements from Bunkeya quell the revolt.
Colonial rule is once again overthrown.
Death of Jeanie Prentice
Arriving in Congo in 1900 as part of the English Garanganze evangelical mission, Jeanie Prentice greatly defined the influence of the church in Katanga. When she finally died last Friday, she was the oldest living colonial in Congo and loved by both the colonials and the Katangese.
A sad day for Katanga.
Assassination attempt of Père Raphaël
At 5.16 pm today, a car bomb shook [879.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] when the car that was supposed to transport Père Raphaël from the colonial headquarters to the Stade Roi Adelbert exploded, killing the driver and wounding 8 more people. It's unclear who could have targeted the much-adored père who was responsible for the introduction of football in the colony, but reports indicate that a radical member of the Garanganze tribe may have detonated the bomb to express his distrust of the ever-increasing power of the Catholic Church. His attempt seemed to have caused the opposite effect, with more and more citizens deciding to abandon their tribal past and become part of the growing population of évolués in the cities.
Thank God he wasn't hurt.
