Dukes of Emilia Focus Tree
PPE
Partito Popolare d'Emiglia
LC
Lega Cattolica
PA
Partito Agrario
GE
Guardia Emiliana
GE
Guardia Emiliana
PSL
Partito Social Liberale
PL
Partito Liberale
PSR
Partito Socialista Riformista
USE
Unione Sindacale d'Emilia
Italia Unita
Italia Unita
A National Army
After years of turmoil and socialist mismanagement, the Emilia region is economically ruined. While the might of our foreign allies have imparted a small degree of stability on the region, to maintain order and defend our nation, we must begin to create a domestic army.
Guardia Appennina
Thousands of brave souls resisted Socialist tyranny from the rugged Emilian hills. Veterans of this conflict have invaluable knowledge of the terrain and non-conventional warfare. We should recruit these partisans as instructors and consultants for a new elite Alpine force.
Military Arsenals
To ensure we never again lack the armaments to supply our soldiers, we should establish our first military arsenals.
Efficient Arms Manufacturing
Our arsenals are now fully established and as their production volume increases, so too does the cost of each individual piece of equipment decrease. By encouraging simplification of the production process, we can produce arms more efficiently.
Artillery Manufacturing
Through the process of optimising small arms production, our arsenals have gained valuable insight into armaments manufacturing in general. With this knowledge, we can begin to develop domestic artillery.
Strict Drilling Standards
To effectively utilise their new equipment, our soldiers must be thoroughly prepared for the realities of warfare. By enforcing strict standards of drilling, our men will be able to use their weapons to their fullest even under harsh conditions.
Spirit of Resistance
Patriotic propaganda campaigns will increase the spirit of our people in case of armed conflict.
Rally the People
Through a concentrated propaganda campaign emphasising the success our recent military reorganisation, we can encourage the people to serve in the armed forces.
Ferrari Aircraft
With the Ferrari company now under state control, we can take advantage of its staff's engineering expertise to develop new aircraft designs, regardless of the childish insistence of the founder. If he will not lend us a hand, we will force our hand and ensure his factories will produce what we need when we need it; one man can't stop history!
Airman Training
To rule the skies, we will need competent pilots. We must develop a concrete doctrine for the training of our airmen.
New Planes
While we have already made great strides in the field of aviation, to fight effectively, we will need to develop even more advanced aircraft.
Fighter Prototypes
New aircraft should not be rushed into production. Prototypes must undergo extensive testing, including in near-combat conditions, before entering service.
Efficient Manufacturing
Cutting edge aircraft are often inhibited by bottlenecks in the production process. By encouraging extreme efficiency throughout the production process, these bottlenecks can be partially alleviated.
The Academy of Modena
Without competent officers, any army is doomed to failure. Thus, we must establish a central officer academy.
Wounds of War
Our nation was ravaged by the Weltkrieg and the ensuing Italian civil war. We must work to heal the deep societal wounds which plague our land.
Avoiding Famine
The countryside will be slow to fully recover from its present state of devastation. To avoid famine, we must put our industry to work producing foodstuffs with imported meat and produce.
Italian Breadbasket
Italy was once an important centre of agriculture, and through a concerted effort to repair the damaged countryside and stimulate food production, in our little country at least, it can be again.
Re Establishing Growth
The economy is in shambles after so many years of war and socialism. We must outline our economic bureaucracy and stimulate economic growth.
Primary Schooling
Even prior to the Weltkrieg, Emilia was largely devoid of primary schools. As a result, many in our nation go without any sort of formal education. We should establish a school system for young children.
The University of Parma
Parma is an important cultural centre in Emilia and is the perfect place to establish a new state sponsored university focusing on research and development.
Recover Rural Productivity
The countryside is in disrepair, and if it is to ever again become productive, a concerted governmental effort must be made.
Improve Rural Infrastructure
Many small cities in Emilia lack any connection to our commercial hubs. Let us at last truly bring our people together.
Enhance Rural Productivity
With the countryside no longer in total ruin, we can now begin to actually improve its productivity.
Ferrari Factories
The Ferrari company operated its largest factory in our nation, and this facility has remained largely undamaged by the devastation of the past decades. We should nationalise these facilities and put them to work rebuilding our nation.
Large Scale Industrial Plants
Many of our largest industrial complexes were completely ruined during the civil war. Let us repair and even expand them.
Heavy Manufacturing
To sustain our industrialisation, we will need to develop heavier industry.
Automotive Specialisation
With such a large number of automotive factories, we have the ability to specialise therein and corner the market.
Great Minds of Modena
The government has called for the establishment of an advisory council of our greatest scientists and industrialists. Let us establish the council.
Captains of Industry
The advice our government has received from Modena's industrialists has greatly improved our industrial efficiency. We should make an effort to implement their more ambitious suggestions.
Motorisation Effort
The Emilian automotive industry was among the greatest in Europe, and despite the devastation of the past decades, we still retain the capacity to produce a large number of motor vehicles. With Ferrari nationalised, we should focus on the motorisation of our armed forces.
Engine Quality Control
The vehicles which were produced at Ferrari were refined and housed engines of singular quality. We should draw on the Ferrari engineer's quality control expertise for our military vehicles.
End the Anarchy
The anarchy should be over, one way or another. The country must be stabilised to move further.
The New Constitution
After so many years of socialist tyranny, our people are wary of any government. We must create a constitution which respects both the people and the government.
Emilian Identity
Italy is now only a geographic construct. In place of an Italian identity, we must promote a unique Emilian culture and national identity.
Save the Emilian Language
The Emilian language, while quite similar to Italian is by no means simply an Italian dialect. The language declined rapidly under Italian rule, and if we to truly foster an Emilian identity, this cornerstone of Emilian culture must be preserved.
Emilian Language Campaign
Modena has begun an ambitious campaign to restore the Emilian language.
Automotive Specialisation
Modena invests heavily in its automotive industry.
Recovered Rural Production
The devastated Emilian countryside has begun to recover.
Improved Rural Production
The devastation which ones marred the Emilian countryside has largely been eliminated, and the Modenan government invests heavily in its productivity.
Primary Education Experiments
Modena has established a primary school system, greatly improving the education of its poorest groups.
Economic Growth
After so much turmoil for so long, Modena's economy has at last begun to grow again.
Mobile Army
Population Growth
With peace at last achieved, Modena is experiencing a small population boom.
Industrial Foodstuffs Boom
To compensate for the reduced productivity of its rural areas, Modena has subsidised the industrial production of foodstuffs with imported produce.
Efficient Air Production Lines
Waste had been severely reduced in Modena's aircraft factories, increasing production speed.
Rallied People
The Emilian people are enthusiastic about the rapidly expanding military.
Professional Training Regimen
Modena's soldiers are trained efficiently and to a high standard.
Mass Produced Guns
Modena's small arms production is remarkably efficient.
The Appennini
Modena has created an elite force of former guerrillas specialising in alpine warfare.
The Appennini
The rough terrain of much of our homeland is irregular and often confusing to outsiders and may well be our best defence against a larger invading force. Old Partisan veterans from the war against the SRI have come together and formed our very own mountaineer regiments, the Appennini, who will dutifully defend our western borders.
The best of the best!
Lost Ways
Many of our old crafts and specialities have lost much to the syndicalists. Especially affected are cheese and wine makers, whose workshops were often vandalised by 'futurists' who saw their craft as decadent. Our utmost effort should be to help re-establish this important aspect of our culture.
We must try to preserve our traditions!
Enzo Ferrari's Popularity Grows
A chief captain of industry and community leader, Enzo Ferrari has done much since he arrived after the end of occupation from Syndicalists. Sensing opportunity, but also a genuine desire to help his home rebuild, his efforts to develop Modena are nothing short of remarkable, and he surely will be a political force in our nation in the future.
He's a symbol of the modern Modena
The Archduke and his People
As the years go by, Roberto more and more grows accustomed to his role as Duke and as the leader of his people. Having embraced his role as the first citizen of Emilia, Duke of Modena and all that entails, his outlook on things seems to be more trusting and relaxed than during his early years, when he was afraid of the land who rejected him after the Weltkrieg. Now he finds himself speaking Italian confidently, and ever more frequently, as so do his kids and household. His popularity rises as he continually tries to appear publicly in the streets of Modena, and seems genuinely interested in the nation he was born to rule.
As it was meant to be
A Dictionary of the Emilian language!
The University of Parma has just yesterday published the first formal dictionary of the Emilian Language, cataloguing centuries of cultural and national legacy which almost was trampled by Savoyard and syndicalist ambitions. While it's a long way from replacing Standard Italian among most, a revival of the language may now begin starting with our youth.
Bòn!
Fierce Debate at the Academy
Our status as being home to one of Europe's finest military academies means we often have visitors from abroad, bringing with them ideas and concepts, but also strong opinions. Inevitably, large debates emerge, especially now that the military has chosen one way to prioritise one army doctrine over other possible views. The topic of this choice has long dominated the academy classrooms and hallways and is sure to bring improvements.
Many great minds at work
Barilla's Factories Back at Full Capacity
As our programme to get foodstuff factories up and running is now at full steam, Barilla's pasta factories finally are back at full capacity, after severe vandalism by 'futurist' thugs under SRI occupation. Despite the initial despair of the owners upon seeing what was left of the buildings a year ago, we finally have one of our premier industries back on track.
Mussolini never could have stopped us!
The Ducal Marriage
Duke Roberto has today married in the Modena Cathedral princess Margherita of Sardinia, a long agreed match between the two families that was postponed for many years of this cruel war in Italy. The festivities help to lighten the mood in the city that still recovers from decades of war and terror.
Until Death do them Part
The Firstborn
Duke Roberto and Princess Margherita had their first daughter born in Modena today. Young Maria Beatrice is healthy as it can be, and the birth brought great joy to the Ducal household, and to the common people too as a nation wide Holiday was declared.
Great News!
An Heir Arrives!
Duke Roberto and Princess Margherita had their first son born in Modena today. Young Lorenzo's labour was painless, and the birth brought great joy to the Ducal household, and yet another holiday was declared for the momentous occasion.
Great News!
The Duchy of Parma
As the House of Bourbon restores order to Italy as a whole, the Duchy of Parma was reinstated as the chief power in the region of Emilia. Duke Elia is now in charge of leading our nation to its prosperous future.
Sorbole!
Bergamini Recalled to [EMI.GetNameDef]
With the restoration of an Emilian state, admiral Bergamini has been recalled to Modena to serve the new Padan entity. Of course, we are in a position to interfere and stop him from going; after all, why would landlocked Emilia need an admiral?
Bergamini will serve his home.
We won't sacrifice an admiral to some upstart foreign-backed separatist.
Fenulli Recalled to [EMI.GetNameDef]
In spite of our rocky relations with the Emilian state in Modena, they have had the gall to ask for one of our generals to join their ranks. They say the Emilian-born Fenulli will quite like going back home after so many years of revolution...
Fenulli will serve his home.
Give a general to foreign-backed reactionary separatists? Why would we??
Roatta and Malaguti recalled to [EMI.GetNameDef]
Perhaps in the spirit of the old Italian Federation, the new Emilian state has asked for army generals Roatta and Malaguti to serve their nation. Of course, we are in a position to interfere and stop them from going.
Roatta and Malaguti will serve their home.
...do they really want two of our most important generals to serve them?
Modena
Modenese
Modena
Parma
Parmese
Parma
Giuseppe Castagnetti
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 15th, 1909, in Modena, Kingdom of Italy§!
Odoardo Focherini
§YBorn:§! §LJune 6th, 1907, in Carpi, Modena, Kingdom of Italy§!
Enzo Ferrari
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 20th, 1898, in Modena, Kingdom of Italy§!
Roberto D'Asburgo-Este
Roberto I
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 8th, 1915, in the Schönbrunn Palace, Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRoberto D'Asburgo-Este, Archduke of Austria, was promised while he was still an infant the position of Duke of Modena. He never even set foot in his duchy, as it was one of the first places where Federal forces were forced to withdraw from during the chaotic Civil War in Italy. The second son of Karl I, Roberto grew up in Austria alongside the royal family, and despite having learned Italian, seldom thought about his duties as head of the house of Austria-Este for most of his life. But now, he is Duke, and few can argue that his position isn't exactly enviable, as recovering the land ravaged by Syndicalism while having to deal with a brand new political landscape, having essentially no political experience, is quite the daunting task.§!
Elia di Borbone-Parma
Elia I
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 23rd, 1880, in Biarritz, Basses-Pyrénées, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LElia of Bourbon-Parma has never sat on a throne, for like most monarchs of the Federation, he never was in a position to return during the turmoil of the war on the wake of the Treaty of Rome. Having lived in exile in family estates for most of his life, he was forced to leave his birthplace in France following the Revolution, but even before that the French state harried his family for their ties to Austria-Hungary during the Weltkrieg. While he technically acted as a regent for his demented brothers, Elia has been long the de-facto head of the house, and his ascension to the throne of the now restored throne is little more than a fait-accompli of dynastic politics. However, there is no shortage of criticism for what some see as brazen ambition being put ahead of his own brother's well being.§!
Giuseppe Boriani
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1868, in Caorso, Piacenza, Kingdom of Italy§!
