Dutch East Indies Focus Tree
GFX_DEI_intro
The Indies in 1936
Barring the syndicalist revolt in 1925, the crown jewel of the Dutch empire has been a beacon of stability, taking advantage of Dutch ascension into Mitteleuropa to sell its goods (sugar, coffee, oil) to the newly opened up markets. Despite the competition from the now properly set-up and rebuilt German competition, this economic growth managed to keep up and stability came along with it.\n\nDespite this, Dutch authorities suppress any call for independence, with the Dutch government believing they will not be able to survive without 'de oost', but despite this, the movements grow. Many in the colonial administration fear that if economic hardship were to appear again, events like 1925 might repeat, or worse...
§MPalar becomes the new Governor-General§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot The Netherlands should have a leftist government or should be game rule to PvdV/VVD-Wilhelmina, SDAP-VDB or any republic path.\n\n§MStarkenborgh-Stachouwer becomes the new Governor-General§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot The Netherlands have a conservative government should be game rule to CNA-LSP coalition/LSP-Wilhelmina or CNA majority.\n\n§MFurnster becomes the new Governor-General§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot The Netherlands should have an authoritarian or should be game rule to CNA-VHN coalition, military junta or any of the VNH Dictatorships.\n\n§CNote: Maintain the unity of the Indonesia rebellion at a medium level to have the Islamist coup happen and at a low one to have the royalist countercoup happen too when playing as Indonesia.§!
Black Monday Hits the Indies
The result of the economic hardship that hit Europe after the Black Monday crash could soon be felt in the Dutch East Indies too, who had been selling their goods on the Mitteleuropa market since the end of the Weltkrieg. As the common man in Europe could no longer afford to purchase goods such as sugar and coffee, the prices of said goods imploded, with deep implications for the farmers here.
Oh no!
Growing Unity in Independence Movements
The PID is reporting that the unity among independence movements has been growing lately. It would be prudent to keep a watchful eye over them and to stop them from growing stronger (and preferably weakening their unity), lest their collaboration result in a stronger movement overall.
We'll be vigilant!
Falling Unity in Independence Movements
The PID is reporting that the unity among independence movements is faltering and now even falling. While it would be unwise to sit back and relax now, we will have less problems controlling them soon as cracks in their collaboration begin to show.
That's great!
Strength of the Independence Movements Grows
The PID reports that the movements propagating the independence of Indonesia are growing in strength. We might want to consider being more careful in delicate situations, and to crack down on them where we can, lest we become unable to control them.
Worrying...
Strength of the Independence Movements Falters
The PID reports that the movements propagating the independence of Indonesia are losing punching power. While we should remain vigilant, as they are not dead, we can rule slightly more relaxed in the near future as it will be easier to control them in the short term.
Great!
Governor-General De Jonge Resigns
Our Governor-General Bonifacius de Jonge had mentioned multiple times that he intended to resign from his post as governor-general of the Indies, but delayed it in the light of the Dutch elections, that were increasingly showing to become an electoral feast for his patron party, the VNH, back in the Netherlands. For better or worse, the elections are over now, and it will remain to be seen who the new minister of colonies will appoint as his replacement.
We await the decision with joy!
A Replacement for the Governor-General
The Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies, Bonifacius Cornelis de Jonge has announced his intend to resign, having waited for the election to do this so that the new government could appoint the new governor-general without the need of him being replaced within half a year which would, in De Jonge's eyes, be harmful for the stability of the Indies.\n\nMultiple candidates have come forward, but only one can become Governor-General...
Nico Palar, who will rule with a soft hand.
A. Tjarda van Starkenborgh-Stachouwer, the balanced candidate.
Johan Furstner, who will keep the Inlanders under control by force!
Governor-General Nico Palar
The Ministry of Colonies has decided to appoint the social democrat Nicodemus Palar as our new Governor-General, who is also the first Inlander governor-general of the colony. The new Governor-General is expected to rule the Indies through compromise, working towards an equal status within the kingdom or even national independence.\n\nNeedless to say, the white ruling class and the Indo-Dutch community are somewhat worried by this development, fearing the end of the East Indies as they know it. On the other hand, Inlanders are very happy with this change.
Welcome, your excellence!
Governor-General A. Tjarda van Starkenborgh-Stachouwer
The ministry of colonies has decided to appoint Alidius Tjarda van Starkenborgh-Stachouwer as our new Governor-General, as most had expected, considering his career. The new Governor-General is expected to try to keep a balance between repression and compromise with hopes to someday give the Indies equal status within the kingdom.\n\nThe white ruling class and the Indo-Dutch community approve of this choice, while the Inlanders are indifferent.
Welcome, your excellence!
Governor-General Johan Furstner
The ministry of colonies has decided to appoint the VNH-strongman Johan Furstner as our new Governor-General, the preferred choice as successor of now-former governor-general De Jonge. The new Governor-General is expected to act strongly, putting down nationalism by force and reinforcing the status-quo of Dutch rule. Equal status is not on the agenda.\n\nThe white ruling class and the Indo-Dutch community are very pleased with this choice of a hardliner, but it's unlikely the Inlanders will be happy with it.
Welcome, your excellence!
Proclamation of Indonesian Independence
With the recent growth of the Indonesian independence movement, it probably does not come as a surprise: Sukarno has issued a proklamasi, proclamation, calling upon all Indonesians to resist the Dutch occupier and to join the Tentara Keselamatan Rakyat, the People's Safety Army. It seems an outright revolt to remove Dutch rule from the Indonesian archipelago has erupted.
Bersiap! (Play Indonesia)
Bereid de Politionele Acties Voor! (Play Dutch East Indies)
Dutch Armouries Overrun
As the opening stages of the Indonesian National Revolution have arrived, our brave troops have raided Dutch armouries across Java and Sumatra for the guns stored there. They will be put to good use in driving the colonial menace from our homeland!
Long live the Republic!
TKR Raids Armouries
Indonesian republican forces have raided armouries across the countries for guns, quickly overrunning them with their superior numbers. While the casualty rate is small, we have lost several batches of guns to the Republican Army of Indonesia, which could pose a problem later.
Oh no!
Volksraad Passes the Sutardjo-Petition
The Volksraad, the largely powerless 'parliament' of our colony, has passed a petition of Soetardjo Kartohadikoesoemo, calling for a conference to speak about the future of the Dutch East Indies, specifically in terms of promoting it to an equal status within the kingdom. With it being passed it is now the task of the Governor-General to send it back home. The Volksraad is merely an advisory legislature however, and the Dutch and Indo population is concerned about the implications of the petition, so we could also simply veto the whole deal.
Veto, of course!
Let's send it to the Netherlands.
The Sutardjo-Petition
A petition that has been passed by the Volksraad has arrived on the desk of prime minister Colijn, having been sent to us by the Governor-General [DEI.GetLeader]. Apparently, the petition calls for a congress to speak about the future of the status of the Dutch East Indies within the kingdom. The Volksraad has already removed all time limits the original proposal included, so the prime minister made his choice already when to handle it in the house of representatives.
... somewhere next year sounds good!
Sutardjo-Petition in the House
As decided by Hendrik Colijn about a year ago, the Sutardjo-Petition has been brought up at the house of representatives, calling for a congress about the revision of the status of the Dutch East Indies, specifically towards the promotion of an equal status within the kingdom. When the vote is held, the petition is...
... accepted: tell the colonial government to hold a congress when they're ready!
... rejected: any such proposal should be regulated by the Netherlands.
Sutardjo-Petition Rejected
The homeland has rejected the Sutardjo-Petition we've sent to them about a year ago, with most of those voting against it citing the fact that the Dutch East Indies is an overseas territory and not a colony that can be uplifted to equal status. Obviously, the real reason is that they think the Indonesians aren't ready for self-rule, and it seems obvious that the Indonesians won't be happy with this.
All's well that ends well!
Sutardjo-Petition Accepted
The homeland has accepted the Sutardjo-Petition we've sent to them about a year ago, although they did remove all the time limits. They know full well the implications of such a conference, so assurances are sought that we handle it with care, and only when we are ready. The door, however, is open for promoting the Indies to an equal status.
The Inlanders will be pleased.
Formation of GAPI
As a result of the rejection of their plan for a conference, all Inlander parties (with exception of the PNI) have merged into a singular Indonesian Political Federation, calling for the full implementation of an Indonesian parliament and thus for Indonesian equal status once more. As the Dutch government is obviously unwilling to fulfil this wish, especially in the light of rising international tensions, this will only help unite the Inlanders in the independence movement.
Why does this always have to happen to me?!
The Round-Table Conference
The Dutch have shown their inability to quash our rebellion, and with the international community starting to notice our plight, their position is becoming increasingly unstable. We will likely be able to negotiate a favourable deal - establishing sovereignty over all the Indonesian archipelago.
The day has come!
The Round-Table Conference
Having been unable to quell the rebellion and with republican forces holding sway over virtually all of Java and Sumatra, it seems impossible to maintain our position in our colony. The republicans have put forward their demands: full sovereignty over all of the Indies, but perhaps we can at least salvage parts of our colony?
Sign the treaty.
We will not give up New Guinea!
We will not give up New Guinea or the Moluccas!
We will not give up at all!
The Dutch Sign the Treaty!
The Dutch have agreed to transfer all sovereignty over the Indies to the republic of Indonesia. This is a great day for our country, and will be remembered by the generations after us, for today Indonesia became officially an independent country, free from imperialism!
Merdeka has been achieved!
The Dutch Make Counterdemands!
Citing the impossibility of getting the needed support to pull through the amendment to the constitution to allow for the transfer of sovereignty, the Dutch say they need to retain sovereignty over Western Irian (New Guinea). While this is a setback, it seems unlikely at current that we will be able to take the island by force as we lack the Dutch naval capacity. Perhaps we're better served agreeing with this deal than to continue hostilities: they'll agree to concede the much more valuable rest of the archipelago after all...
We'll sign, we'll get West Irian later!
This is unacceptable.
The Indonesians Refuse!
The republican delegation was outraged by our unwillingness to concede all of the former East Indies to them. It seems negotiations have broken down and the war will continue.
The land wasn't even worth a lot!
The Dutch Make Counterdemands!
Citing the impossibility of getting the needed support to pull through the amendment to the constitution to allow for the transfer of sovereignty, the Dutch say they need to retain sovereignty over Western Irian (New Guinea) and the Christian Moluccas, who have continuously been supporting them during the revolution. While this is a setback, it seems unlikely at current that we will be able to take the islands by force as we lack the Dutch naval capacity. Perhaps we're better served agreeing with this deal than to continue hostilities: they'll agree to concede the much more valuable rest of the archipelago after all...
We'll make this work...
Indonesia without its east isn't Indonesia!
The Dutch Refuse!
Despite clearly having been outmatched by the republican forces, the stubborn Dutch still refuse to sign a treaty with 'outlaws and thugs'. It seems we'll have to continue our struggle until they'll finally lose their spirit.
A setback indeed!
The Netherlands Abandons the Indies
Disturbing news has arrived from the Indies: the socialists who gained power in the homeland have overthrown the old order through their parliamentary position, and now they have ordered us to protect all Dutch citizens in Indonesia and help them move to the Netherlands if they so desire and to safeguard an orderly retreat from the area. Unsurprisingly, chaos ensued, with Sukarno, just released from prison, taking advantage of the situation to declare Indonesian independence. Meanwhile the Governor-General is missing, and mercenaries took over control our part of the island of Borneo. The Indies are collapsing just because of this statement.
Switch to the Batavian Commune.
Switch to Indonesia.
Anarchy in the Dutch East Indies
The socialist government on the Netherlands suddenly abandoned their colony, declaring their own presence illegal and instructing their military presence to protect Dutch civilians that want to return now. The first reports indicate that Sukarno and his national party will take control over the Indies, who will at best be indifferent to our rule, and at worst hostile. While a military expedition to pacify the Indies is asking for trouble, we could decide to move to take as much of formerly Dutch New Guinea as possible and secure the formerly Dutch side of the strait of Malacca.
Ready the ships!
I don't feel like it...
The Germans Violate Our Sovereignty
Concerned with our attitude to their rule and the balance of power in the region, the Germans have sent ships to secure the Sumatran side of the Malacca strait, as well as moving into New Guinea from Kaiser-Wilhelmsland. Sadly, with the current chaos due to the sudden Dutch retreat we can do very little against it.
Oh no!
German Presence in New Guinea
The socialist government in the Netherlands suddenly pulled out of the Dutch East Indies. The local populace, led by the prominent nationalist Sukarno, declared their own sovereign state: Indonesia. Unsurprisingly, the Germans decided that this was the ideal moment to take over Western New Guinea. If we are to prevent the Germans to take all of it, we better move fast!
We can't let them do that!
We don't have the resources.
Southwestern New Guinea Ripe for the Taking
We expected the Australasians to sweep in and block us in taking the southern part of Dutch New Guinea, but this does not seem to have happened. The land is open, and our forces are moving into the formerly Dutch forts in the area.
Unexpected, but welcome.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Seizes Southwestern Irian
[From.GetAdjective] forces swept in and occupied southwestern Irian. This is insulting and factually unacceptable but due to the chaos of the Dutch retreat, there is little we can do about it...
Unacceptable!
Congress of Batavia - Start
The Congress of Batavia started, representatives from all over the Indies have arrived to negotiate over the future of the Dutch East Indies and it being raised to equal status with the Netherlands.\n\nThe first contentious issue is what these new countries within the kingdom will be. Most nationalists seem to favour a solution where Java and Sumatra are united, Borneo and Celebes are their own countries and another state called 'East Indonesia' which includes the Moluccas and overall, the Christian part of the land. Many (Dutch and Eastern Indonesian) are afraid however, that such a Java-Sumatra state would go on to dominate the new kingdom of the Netherlands and would rather see both islands be split up into several countries. Then, there is the middle ground, where both Java and Sumatra are their own countries within the kingdom.
Keeping the countries small and controllable is preferable.
The middle ground: they give something, we give something.
Java and Sumatra united seems most reasonable.
Congress of Batavia
The next contentious issue is the way the kingdom would be ruled overall. The countries within the kingdom have full internal autonomy, but some oversight should there, especially when changes need to be made to the constitution, all representatives agree on that. The Dutch argue that the Netherlands should lead this group with all other countries sending their representative to the council of ministers of the kingdom. The Indonesian representatives strongly reject that notion, declaring that it would be undemocratic, and that each country should be represented in this council dependent on its population.
No, this still is the Netherlands...
Representation according to population is only fair!
Congress of Batavia
Several smoothly agreed upon issues came along, when another highly contentious one appeared near the end of the conference: foreign policy. Obviously, the countries stand together under the kingdom, but the Dutch want to control foreign policy when it doesn't directly concern any of the other countries, while the Indonesians would much rather see a unified foreign ministry that is set up by the autonomous countries together. Once this issue is resolved, it will be voted on by the States-General.
We are obviously right...
The Indonesians are right.
The Outcome of the Batavia Conference
The delegates at the Batavia conference have come to a conclusion. It is clear that the conference was pushed significantly to the pro-Dutch side, and it doesn't seem like the Indonesians were very happy with it. It is probably enough to secure limited cooperation, but not enthusiasm except in the Moluccas perhaps.
The delegates at the Batavia conference have come to a conclusion. It is clear that the conference was a good mix between pro-Dutch and pro-native policies, and while perhaps, secretly, both the Dutch and Indonesians had hoped for more, neither is dissatisfied with it either. It is probably enough to secure anything but limited cooperation in the western part of the Dutch East Indies, but at least there is a lot of enthusiasm about this solution in the Moluccas, lesser Sunda islands and Western New Guinea.
The delegates at the Batavia conference have come to a conclusion. It is clear that the conference was weighted towards the Indonesian side, making many Dutch people uncomfortable, feeling like their country will never be the same anymore. The Indonesians are happy with it however, especially outside Java, Sumatra and Borneo.
The proposal is accepted!
The proposal is rejected!
The States-General Rejects the Proposal
The States-General unexpectedly rejected our proposal for the new Indonesian status in the near future. Needless to say, the Indonesians are not amused with this sudden rejection of their rights!
This could become problematic.
Charter for the Kingdom of the Netherlands
After significant negotiations, it is time to sign the Koninkrijksstatuut; the royal charter. In this, our colonial possessions become autonomous countries within the kingdom, ruling themselves while still being part of the kingdom of the Netherlands, and subjects from each country will get Dutch citizenship. It also should note that independence has been promised, though clauses have been written in to ensure this happens in decades not years...
Long live the Dutch Kingdom!
Equal Status Granted!
As per what was agreed upon in the Batavia Conference, the Dutch East Indies will now cease to exist: divided into several autonomous countries within the Dutch Kingdom. Full internal autonomy will fall to these states and all Dutch East Indian subjects will be granted Dutch citizenship.
Long live the Dutch Kingdom!
Reinforcements Arrive
As per the preparations we have made, reinforcements have arrived to help fend off native revolts and/or foreign invasions of the Indies.
Glad to see them arrive!
[DEI.GetLeader] Dissolves the Volksraad
Early in the morning, governor-general [DEI.GetLeader] issued a decree suspending the volksraad once and for all, proclaiming the institution was only meant to make Dutch rule weaker and only helps outlaws like Sukarno. From now on loyalty to the crown will be the foremost goal of the Dutch East Indies and not the petty complaints of the small Inlander majority in the volksraad that previously had to be consulted. Some critics say this is more to extend [DEI.GetLeader]'s personal power, but this is clearly nonsensical.
It was the right thing to do!
[DEI.GetLeader] Dissolves the Volksraad
News has arrived from the Dutch East Indies, where the governor-general has suspended the volksraad, the legislative body that already didn't have a lot of power, for a currently unknown amount of time - possibly forever. He argues that the body was being used by Inlanders to undermine Dutch rule.
If it's for the good of our rule, it's justified!
The Dutch Issue Greater Taxes
With the Black Monday crisis haunting the Dutch homeland, the Dutch government decided to issue additional production-obligations from us, not considering the fact that the crisis had hit our industries right here too. Unsurprisingly, while this action will help the Netherlands, it will make our work harder, as independence activists get greater steam arguing that we are only here to exploit them.
This is a mistake!
Anarchy in the Dutch West Indies
A disturbing turn of events has happened: the native population in Indonesia, the basis of the Dutch exiles has ousted their former colonial master. With its head cut off the snake once more, the Dutch empire is no more: upon the news reaching the west indies, anarchy has struck these colonies. Now we have no choice but to occupy them.
It is our humanitarian duty.
Enticing Foreign Pilots
The Air Corp of the KNIL is lacking the basic, from a suitable aerodrome, to support staff on the ground to maintain the aircraft that it currently has. These issues are being addressed by the newly formed Netherlands Purchasing Commission, though the main issue at hand is pilots. This stems from the main issue of a limited number of suitable men from the Netherlands, and Dutch East Indies willing to join the Air Corp.\n\nA solution to this is the hiring of foreign pilots, to fill in the gap till a proper solution can be found, though like any hiring process, what are we going to offer these foreign pilots that they cannot get in German Ostasien, or Mittelafrika?
A tough decision, what did those Belgians do in the Kongo again?
[GetYear] Review of the KNIL
Since the mid-19th century, the Netherlands has maintained a position of neutrality between the world's powers. With the Weltkrieg showing that the neutrality of a nation isn't a guarantee to avoid war, and tensions slowly rising again in Europe between the Syndicalist nations of Britain and France, and the imperialistic German Empire, a different narrative is occurring within its far flung colony.\n\nWith the Japanese Empire, and German East Asia preparing for what appears to be a battle for Asia, and the Syndicalists moving within Australasia, the KNIL (Koninklijk Nederlands Indisch Leger) is nowhere near ready to provide an adequate defence for the colony, with it currently only able to defend Java Island.\n\nThe KNIL's role is mainly to maintain peace within the colony, and as of late, to suppress the indigenous population where the local Police forces are unable to. It lacks modern arms, a command-and-control structure, and other basic needs that are currently being addressed with a new budget being drawn, and the slow merging of several commissions to help streamline the modernisation of the KNIL.
Ons kostbaarste sieraad
Review of the Nederlands-Indische Vloot
Upon completion of the review of the Dutch East Indies fleet, it is clear that the current naval assets cannot provide adequate defence of the archipelagos. The silver lining of the assessment was that the Dutch East Indies fleet has been able to combat pirating in the area. Admiral Helfrich has been given the authority to rectify this via his “Vlootplan”.\n\nIn the Netherlands itself, his Vlootplan has rubbed many the wrong way for promoting submarines, opposed to that of Pantserschips. It would see the promotion of \
De Guerrilla's van de zee
Cultuurstelsel-Apartheid System Enforced
[DEI.GetLeader] end goal for the Dutch East Indies was to revert it back to the cultivation system that existed in the 19th century, with the Dutch East Indies being nothing but a cash cow for the Dutch to milk. Though it also appears that an extra layer has been added, with the segregation of the European population, and the natives, with those falling in the middle being deemed to be \
Gekoloniseerd
A New Beginning
With the Koninkrijksstatuut signed, a level of equality has been given too all within the archipelagos. Though these new nations/states have faced social and/or economic problems, they all seem eagerly to show they themselves can handle these challenges.\n\nThough it would appear that the Javanese and Malay nations/states are seeking to expedite the independence process, with many more wishing for a more \
Interesting
Fine fine
A New Volksraad
Though the Dutch East Indies has been essentially broken up into smaller states, that range from autonomous regions under the Netherlands, to large states with who are all but nations in their own right, they all still seek representation, and change within the halls of the dubbed 
Here we go again
Week 1 - New Volksraad Debates
West Papua Camps have always been a point of contention, and the tipping point being Starkenborgh Stachouwer expansion of said camps. Though since the signing of the Koninkrijksstatuut, most of these camps have been shut down, though those deemed \
\
No they are radicals, they will remain
I mean some can go... I guess.
Fine fine
Each state can run the programme how they see fit
This will still be at the degression of our Dutch representatives
Week 2 - New Volksraad Debates
Currently, Dutch is enforced as the Lingua Franca in the Indies, considering that multiple languages are spoken in the Insulands, and thus is considered the official language. However, this measure is not popular among the natives, and thus the Volksraad is debating if Dutch should be enforced as Lingua Franca, or if we should let each state choose if they want to keep it or not.
Each state can choose if they wish to keep it
It remains as the Lingua Franca of the lands.
Week 3 - New Volksraad Debates
During the third week of debate in the Volksraad, the constituent states of the Indies have expressed the wish to merge. Now, this would probably lead to more autonomy to the Indies, but at the same time it would keep the natives happy and reduce the risks of a revolt. What should we do?
Keep them happy and allow it
No, we stick to what we agreed on
Week 4 - New Volksraad Debates
The fourth week of the debate in the Volksraad has lead up to a discussion about the privilege of the Dutch citizens in the Indies. While some radical elements have asked for a complete abolition, perhaps we might slightly reduce them to keep them happy.
Keep them happy and allow it
No, we stick to what we agreed on
Week 5 - New Volksraad Debates
The Queen of the Netherlands, Wilhelmina Helena Pauline Maria of Orange-Nassau, is by extent also the Queen of the Indies. However, she is viewed as an imperialist symbol, although her role is mostly ceremonial, and the natives are asking for her role to be reduced even more. Those requests against the figure of Her Majesty the Queen are outrageous, but we might be forced to compromise to keep the natives happy...
Reduce her role in the states
No, she is all our Queen
Final Countdown
Finally, after weeks of debate, it seems we have been able to appease the natives. Although that means that in the long run, we will probably have to grant the Insulands independence, at least now we can focus on our efforts in improving the economy, and fostering nationalism in those who are loyal to us...
After weeks of debate, it seems we weren't able to strike a deal with the natives. Following this, we have faced increased local unrest across the Insulands, with major protests breaking out in Java and Sumatra, and our police forces are barely enough to manage the situation. Without reinforcements from the Netherlands, this could end up badly...
Finally
BAH!
Counter Proposal
The true plans of these \
What choice do we have
They wouldn't dare
Proclamation of Indonesian Independence
The final nail in the coffin has been hammered in, with the Javanese-Malay Representatives within the \
Bersiap! (Play Indonesia)
Bereid de Politionele Acties Voor! (Play Dutch East Indies)
Tearing up the Alliance
Brief outline of Socialist-Islamists party. Who wants to do what.
Favour the more level headed socialists
Favour the more conservative Islamist
Peace Deal
Indonesia controls most of what they can get without foreign aid, and a navy. We should offer a peace deal to the Dutch. We can always get them another day...
Yes, another day...
No, we must strike NOW!
Peace Deal Offered
Our colonial administration in the Insulands is on the brink of collapse, after being defeated militarily in both Sumatra and Java. With our limited resources, there is not much we can do in this situation besides blockading the rebels with our navy, and they seem to know that. They have approached us with a peace offer, and some members in our cabinet are saying we should accept this peace deal before the war becomes a bloodbath. Should we accept this peace deal?
At least we imparted some civilisation on them
They'll never take our fodders
They Refuse
The imperialist Dutch have refused our generous offer for a peace treaty. That means we will just have to end it by kicking out those imperialists out of our sacred land, once for all, without any deal of any sort!
Those imperialist bastards...
Peace Deal Signed
Kemenangan! The Dutch have admitted defeat and have agreed to negotiate peace! After centuries of oppression, we were able to throw off the imperialist yoke, and now the Indonesian people will be able to decide their future for themselves! Hurrah!
Bhinneka Tunggal Ika
Failed Project
The Volksraad of Batavia has been created in 1918 as an attempt to democratise the Insulands, but the failure of the latest congress showed how it's always been a waste of both time and resources. All we can do is hope that the natives will be more reasonable, next time.
At least we haven't lost our foothold
The First Amendments
The Volksraad of Batavia has been created in 1918 as an attempt to democratise the Insulands, and apparently it's giving some results: after those 5 weeks of debate, the first effective amendment of the Volksraad of Batavia has been issued its first ever decree, with many more coming up. It seems like the Insulands are becoming democratic people.
At least there is peace
Another crisis avoided
The Future
The Insulands are still a very young nation in a world full of giants. A land with an incredible potential and lots of natural resources, yet undeveloped and extremely poor.\n\nNow, what shall its future be? A nation closed to the Netherlands, or a master of its own destiny? The future is cloudy, but the proud constituent states that form our great nation have all been through a lot in their history, and they are ready to withstand together everything they will face. No matter how strong our enemies will be, or how many times they will try to defeat us, we will always prevail! Forward, to a brighter future!
The future is yet written
Nationalist Holds Rousing Speech!
A locally well-known nationalist has held a rousing speech in favour of Indonesian independence, and his call is heeded: many seem to be attracted by the words of this man, and as result the ranks of the underground movement are growing. Local administrators suggest we shut him down, and while such an action would certainly lower the strength of the movement in the short term, it could result in greater unity for the movement in the long term.
Arrest him for rabblerousing!
Let him talk...
Infiltration of a Nationalist Group
One of the agents of our colonial security service, the PID, has managed to infiltrate a group advocating for Indonesian independence. We can use this asset to either sabotage their efforts, or to try to sow discord among their ranks which could impact collaboration with other groups across the land. What shall we instruct our agent to do?
Sow Discord!
Sabotage their arms!
Nationalists Fight Each Other!
The fact that the nationalists and the syndicalists didn't really like each other was clear before, but now guerrillas of both sides have started fighting each other in the countryside. The KNIL stands ready to intervene, but some people say it would perhaps be better to let them weaken each other while we sit back and relax, as that will both thin out their numbers and make them less likely to reconcile.
Intervene immediately.
Bets are on! Who will win?
Regent Murdered
One of our local administrators, known as 'regents' has been murdered. The police suspect it is a gang of pro-nationalist thugs who were angered by recent statements of the regent who are known for their terror. They do not have the means to prove this as of yet though, will we allow them to just bring them in, as it seems highly unlikely that it is not them? Or do we prefer to spend time and money investigating the case in detail?
Just pick them up...
An investigation is preferable.
Nationalist Leader Arrested
Police have managed to take in a prominent figure in nationalist circles following an in-depth operation, and this high-profile arrest will certainly limit the strength of the independence movement in the near future. While charges to be pressed against him are clear, some people in the colonial government warn against bringing him to court, as it could give him a loudspeaker to spread his dangerous ideas when the papers report on it.
He would get convicted anyways, why bother?!
Every man deserves a process!
RSAP Representative Calls for Independence
A socialist member of the (metropolitan) Dutch House of Representatives has openly called for the end of Dutch rule in Indonesia, and unsurprisingly the news entered the indies within hours. Many nationalists feel emboldened by this sign of growing support for the Indonesian cause in the mainland Netherlands, and they will likely win new members in this move too. A letter thanking the 'good belanda' has already been circulating in Batavia.
I would hardly call a syndicalist Dutch.
Indo Speaks against Independence
A senior member of our Indo-Dutch (mixed race of European and Indonesian descent) has spoken out against independence, arguing it would subject the Indo people to an unfair tyranny of an Inlander majority. His call has even reached the metropolitan Netherlands where it seems to influence the public opinion against independence (although this was arguably the case already). Nevertheless, the Ministry of Colonies might be more eager to send support.
Give me the Minister please, we need support!
Nationalist Riot
Nationalists have taken to the streets, but what was supposed to be a peaceful demonstration quickly turned violent as our police wanted to disperse them. We don't know if the violence will expand, and the chief of police wonders how we want him to respond to this event...
Crack down hard on these thugs!
Disperse them but keep violence to a minimum.
Whatever happens, don't shoot!
Dutch Couple Lynched in Bali
A Dutch Couple that was in Bali for business purposes has been lynched by a furious crowd; the couple went to a temple where monkeys lived that are considered holy by the local populace. Once there, one of the monkeys proceeded to sit on the miss, pulling her hair, and prompting the husband to scare it away with a big stick, infuriating the locals. The two failed to escape and were lynched publicly... The homeland is furious about this event and demands justice!
Arrest every last person in that mob!
Just let it slide.
KNIL Detachment Ambushed
A KNIL detachment has been ambushed by a pro-independence guerrilla force, leaving few survivors in its wake. Our military advisors are urging us to outfit a punitive expedition, while the loyalist newspapers are pointing out how much the strength of the pro-independence groups have grown lately that they are able to mount such an attack successfully.\n\nCaution is advised however, as if the punitive expedition gets tricked as well, it will only exacerbate the situation.
A very sad incident indeed.
Outfit that punitive expedition!
Regent Murdered - Group Implicated
Following an in-depth investigation, the police concluded to have sufficient evidence to take in the group. It was indeed this nationalist group, and now the people who said so from the beginning are ridiculing us for setting up this investigation.
But at least it's proven now!
Regent murdered - Serial Killer Arrested
Following an in-depth investigation, the police concluded that it was in fact not this nationalistic group, but a serial killer who seems to have killed other people as well of lesser importance. It's probably for the better that we investigated this case properly, or we might have arrested innocents.
Good!
Regent Murdered - Dead End Reached
Following an in-depth investigation, the police concluded that there is insufficient evidence to press charges against anyone. The number of clues appear to be too little for them to solve the mystery.
Arrest these people you've said must've been it!
That means we can't arrest anyone.
Nationalist Leader Arrested - Rousing Speech
The nationalist took on his own defence and used it to give a rousing speech for the cause of Indonesian independence. While our censorship laws managed to stop the regular press from publishing this shameless propaganda for chaos, it already slipped through the cracks, and transcripts of it are already being spread throughout the city.
I told you bringing him to court was a bad idea?!
Nationalist Leader Arrested - Failing Defence
The nationalist took on his own defence, but his performance was so pathetic even his staunchest allies must give that the speech alone probably made him deserve to be put away. Of course the papers reported on full on this and the nationalists have just lost a major propaganda battle.
Hehe...
Punitive Expedition Successful!
The punitive expedition we outfitted as retribution for the guerrilla attack on our forces a few weeks ago has returned, having fulfilled its mission. They discovered and raided the guerrilla forces' camp, setting their efforts back significantly and retrieving the weapons they stole from us. It has been the right choice to do this.
Great.
Punitive Expedition Butchered!
The punitive expedition we outfitted as retribution for the guerrilla attack has been slaughtered in turn.
Oh Lord...
Antara Founded
20 years ago, in 1917, the Aneta, the General News and Telegraph Agency was founded by Dominique Berretty, being the first news outlet in the Indies and thus growing to become the primary news outlet in the Indies. Today, a group of Indonesian nationalists, dissatisfied with the lack of coverage of local news, have launched their own news agency, by the name of Antara. Many in the colonial government fear this organisation will support the general independence movement in their struggle.
It's just healthy competition.
Shut this propaganda platform down!
Renovate the Concordia Society Building?
The 'Sociëteit Concordia' building in Bandoeng was originally built as a place for the inhabitants of Bandoeng to come together in 1895, built in neoclassicist style. While we've already rebuilt the building in 1926, in Art-Deco style at that, we are currently seeing that it's once more losing its grace. The local government of Bandoeng is requesting us permission to allow architect Albert Aalbers to lead the renovation.
Of course!
Too expensive!
Foundation of the NIVU
The NIVU (Nederlands-Indische Voetbal Unie - Dutch East Indian Football Union) has been founded today as the official organisation concerning organised football in the Dutch East Indies. Previously, the Dutch East Indies government worked directly with the native PSSI, but since the sport has grown in popularity it is important that a fair amount of Totoks and Chinese will take part in the colonial team, something the new NIVU will make sure, as well as creating a more secure environment for it.
Rejoice!
Premiere of Terang Boelan
The Indonesian-Malay language film Terang Boelan (Full Moon) has seen its first public display last week and already seems to become a commercial success.\n\nThe film features two lovers, Kasim and Rohaya who have to separate due to the bride's father's choice of another man, Musa. The two decide to elope to Malakka, where they find an old friend, whose name is Dullah. Kasim and Rohaya live there until Musa, who turns out to be an opium dealer, discovers their location and has Rohaya brought back to their home village. Kasim follows them and starts a fight against Musa, after which he is saved by Dullah, so the two can marry.\n\nThe film seems to have brought new life to a film industry that was on a downturn for several years as a result of Babelsberg films entering the East Indian market, with its popularity even crossing the Malacca strait into German Malaya.
Interesting!
Launch of Cultureel Indië
The first edition of the 'Cultureel Indië' weekmagazine has been released this week. The paper, made by the editorial staff of the ethnological department of the East Indian Institute in Amsterdam, harbours articles about the culture and daily life in the Dutch East Indies. The first edition is a resounding success and will aid us well in making people in the homeland familiar with their country's jewel of the empire.
Definitely a commendable initiative!
The Carstensz Expedition
Three brave explorers, Anton Colijn, Jean Jacques Dozy and Frits Wissel have left the city of Aika today to undertake an expedition hoping to reach the peak of the highest mountain of the Carstensz mountain range in Dutch New Guinea, which many other explorers tried to reach to no avail around the turn of the century. It remains to be seen whether the feat will be accomplished this time.
The best of luck!
The Carstensz Expedition Returns!
The Carstensz Expedition, who were intent on scaling the highest mountain in the Carstensz mountain range, the Ngga Pulu, have successfully returned to civilisation, having succeeded in their goal.\n\nWhat's more, Jean Jacques Dozy, one of the three explorers, has discovered a large gold-deposit in the wilderness, which could be most advantageous if we could mine it. Sadly the area is so inhospitable it will take years, if not decades for us to take advantage of this.
A toast to our heroes!
The Carstensz Expedition Returns!
The Carstensz Expedition has returned, but have been unable to attain their goal of scaling the highest peak of the mountain range, the Ngga Pulu.\n\nThey do report however that geologist Jean Jacques Dozy found an ore mountain filled with a large deposit of gold ore. The state of the land however is so inhospitable that it will take years if not decades for us to clear it out for exploitation.
Welcome back in civilisation!
Where is the Carstensz Expedition?
Ever since their leaving of the city of Aika, nothing has been heard back from the Carstensz expedition in New Guinea, who were seeking to scale the Ngga Pulu peak.\n\nConsidering the time that has passed since then, we can only assume they succumbed to the wilderness, fell prey to hostile tribes or animals or to nature itself.
Requiescat in Pace!
Derby Dutch East Indies-Hungary
The Dutch East Indian colonial team has successfully managed to qualify itself to the world championship of 1938 in Brazil (being the first time when they managed to do so), and just recently arrived there. Now it is time to play the first game against the team of Hungary. Sadly, we were completely slaughtered by the Hungarian team, who reigned victorious with 6 goals to our 0, kicking us immediately out of the competition.
... well, at least it was an honour to be there!
Return of the Mimika Expedition
Having departed the 15th of October last year, the Mimika expedition has finally returned to the civilised world. The expedition intended to make further contact with the Tapiro people in the New Guinea rainforest, who had been discovered in 1910 by the British ornithological expedition. Although no new tribes have been discovered, the expedition did visit a Tapiro settlement that was not yet visited before, allowing them to study these people with merely stone-age technology. Later they also visited the people living in the Pania mountain range, resulting after a steep climb in the discovery of several settlements in one of the range's river valleys, resulting in the stunning discovery that despite the limited length of these 'mountain papuans', they could not be considered a pygmy people. The expedition was a resounding success; this is a great day for anthropology!
Fascinating discoveries indeed!
The Formation of the Government in Exile
When the socialists stormed her residence, her majesty was nowhere to be seen. Now it becomes clear where she was: on a warship off the coast, primarily on the insistence of her close confidants, who argued that the fight against the syndicalist menace ought to be continued from overseas; she called every faithful Dutch loyalist to join her, and where this is impossible, to resist the syndicalist menace with all their strength: the Dutch government in exile is risen, a phoenix of conservative hope!
Side with the Batavian Commune.
Side with the Homeland.
The Location of Our Government-in-exile
It is clear that the Dutch government in exile would be an easy target for the evermore aggressive Japanese empire in Asia, as well as its neighbours in the western possessions. Besides, how are we supposed to re-establish control over the homeland if we have no allies to do so? It was clear that the government in exile would have to be set up with a friendly government. There are two choices for the queen: contact Canada and join the other exiles of Europe, who also lack a solid foothold in Europe but will be capable of protecting themselves, or the German empire, who can likely easily destroy the Batavian Commune (in a few years or maybe even immediately) but who will likely dominate us to the point of us being reduced to a mere puppet if they help us restore rightful order to the homeland.
Our government in exile belongs in Ottawa!
To Berlin!
To Batavia, we need no allies!
[DEI.GetNameDefCap] Wants to Settle Their Government Here
One more monarchy has fallen to the stain of syndicalism, but their queen and her confidants escaped the chaos to establish a resistance from the colonies, that remained loyal to her. She requests to enter in an alliance with us and to establish a government in exile in our capital.
Of course!
I don't think so...
Acceptance from [From.GetNameDef]
A letter from [From.GetNameDef] accepted our request and allowed us to set up our government in exile in their capital, as well as agreeing to enter in an alliance against the syndicalist menace that holds our country in her sway.
Good to hear!
Rejection from [From.GetNameDef]
A letter from [From.GetNameDef] claims that our 'civil war' is a strictly internal Dutch affair and that [From.GetNameDef] is unable to support us in our struggle.
Only one option left, then...
We will have to take the syndicalists on ourselves then...
Reports of [WIF.GetNameDef] Occupying Our American Possessions
[WIF.GetAdjective] forces have violated our sovereignty and moved into Surinam and our other possessions in the western hemisphere without our permission, allegedly to 'secure continuous stability' that our government, according to them, could not ensure. This is an outrageous insult to our integrity!
We will not forget this!
The Dutch Are in Chaos!
The Dutch government has been thrown into chaos on account of a socialist revolution in their metropole, and from our perspective, this seems to be the ideal moment to seize their colonies off the [VEN.GetAdjective] coast, areas that from the start were supposed to be [VEN.GetAdjective], as the Dutch are unable to strike back!
Send the warships!
We can't risk it...
Venezuela Invades Curaçao
Recognising our moment of weakness, the Venezuelan government decided to strike and occupy Curaçao, which Venezuela has claimed as theirs for a long time already, as we can't fight back against it. While some military experts in the queen's entourage want to outfit an immediate action against this illegal act to free Curaçao, it is clear that we are as of currently unable to do so.
The sad truth...
The Cabinet in Exile
With the homeland fallen, the usual constitutional checks on the queen's power could not be exercised due to the lack of parliament. In effect this means that royal decrees are the only legal laws by the government, but neither can they be blocked without a parliament. All power, no matter how the political situation was laid up back at home, now rests with the queen, who is now set to appoint the first exiled Dutch cabinet; will she solidify her rule by creating a loyal cabinet or will she instead form an ARP-cabinet, her all-time favourite?
The queen establishes direct rule.
Experienced Statesman Colijn is appointed prime minister.
Militant politician Gerbrandy is appointed prime minister.
Bargain of Batavia
As the first batch of exiles has arrived in Batavia, it has become clear that the situation will soon become unmanageable unless we give the East Indians a significant concession. They want independence, and while they obviously are not ready for it yet, we do need them to retake the fatherland. Some suggest they might perhaps be swayed by a promise of equal status within the kingdom. The queen will give a speech today, and many Indonesians anxiously await what she has to say, hoping for a promise of significant improvement.
When the Netherlands regain their freedom, so will Indonesia...
Equal status for the East Indies is in the charts...
We don't give in to Inlanders!
Resistance Raids Factory
A reactionary resistance cell launched a raid on one of our production facilities. Sadly, they managed to do quite a good job, significantly hurting our production capacity there as well as a successful evacuation, leaving us unable to trace them.
Blasted reactionaries!
Operation Successful!
Our boots on the ground report that the operation to sabotage our designated production target went flawless: all 25 resistance members managed to evacuate safely, after successfully destroying the facility.
A toast to our men on the ground!
Resistance Raids Factory
A reactionary resistance cell launched a raid on one of our production facilities. Although they managed to do quite a good job, significantly hurting our production capacity there, we managed to kill 4 of them and we took an additional 2 into custody. They are being interrogated as we speak.
Blasted Reactionaries!
Operation Semi-successful!
Our boots on the ground report that the operation to sabotage our designated production target was successful, however 6 resistance members failed to evacuate safely after successfully sabotaging the facility, we think 4 of those have been killed in the firefight that ensued with the authorities and 2 were arrested alive. Assuming no one will hold under torture, we are forced to put the rest of the team into hiding as they knew each other.
Good, but bad...
Resistance Raids Factory
A reactionary resistance cell tried to launch a raid on one of our production facilities. Before they reached it however, they hit onto a patrol which caused a firefight to erupt. After the patrol called in reinforcements the reactionaries retreated, with our side having killed 7 of these thugs. We also took one of them, who was wounded and thus incapacitated, into custody, but he died on the way to the hospital before we could interrogate him.
Blasted reactionaries!
Operation Failed!
Our boots on the ground report that the operation to sabotage our designated production target was a failure, the resistance group hit on a patrol on the way to sabotage the facility, 7 of our men have been killed in the ensuing firefight and one became missing in action when he was wounded and collapsed on the ground; we can only assume he was taken in by the authorities. Assuming no one will hold under torture, we are forced to put the rest of the team into hiding as he knew the others.
This is a disaster!
Resistance Falls for Trap
A reactionary resistance cell tried to launch a raid on one of our production facilities, exactly as our informant wanted. They went in their right into our trap, causing a firefight in which we killed several of their party, and arrested the rest, including the leader, who might well know people beyond just his little group.
Tell us more, or we'll shoot your toe off!
Operation Failed!
Our boots on the ground report that none of the operatives deployed in the field to sabotage the production facility have returned. Upon sending a scout he soon reported back that the factory remained intact, but that the police was all over. Evidently it had been a trap. What's worse, for all we know the leader of the group may have been arrested too, so we'll have to take all thirty operatives he had contact within the resistance into hiding as a safeguard.
This is more than a disaster!
Operation Failed!
Our boots on the ground report that the operatives in the field aborted the operation before it even started, after one of the men saw one of the labourers who stayed late wield a gun. The leader then decided that the safety of the group was more important than the mission and ordered the group to turn back...
It was likely the best choice.
Resistance Raids Factory
A reactionary resistance cell launched a raid on one of our arms factories. Sadly, they managed to do quite a good job, significantly hurting our production capabilities there as well as pulling off a successful evacuation, leaving us unable to trace them.
Blasted reactionaries!
Operation Successful!
Our boots on the ground report that the operation to sabotage our designated arms factory went flawless: all 25 resistance members managed to evacuate safely, after successfully destroying the facility.
A toast to our men on the ground!
Resistance Raids Factory
A reactionary resistance cell launched a raid on one of our arms factories. Although they managed to do quite a good job, significantly hurting our production capabilities there, we managed to kill 2 of them and we took an additional 4 into custody. They are being interrogated as we speak.
Blasted reactionaries!
Operation Semi-successful!
Our boots on the ground report that the operation to sabotage the designated arms factory was successful, however 6 resistance members failed to evacuate safely after successfully sabotaging the facility, we suspect 2 of those have been killed in the firefight that ensued with the authorities and 4 were arrested alive. Assuming no one will hold under torture, we are forced to put the rest of the team into hiding as they knew each other.
Good, but bad...
Resistance Raids Factory
A reactionary resistance cell tried to launch a raid on one of our arms factories. Before they reached it however, they hit onto a patrol which caused a firefight to erupt. After the patrol called in reinforcements the reactionaries retreated, with our side having killed 12 of these thugs. We also took one of them, who was wounded and thus incapacitated, into custody, he is being interrogated in the hospital at this very moment.
Blasted reactionaries!
Operation Failed!
Our boots on the ground report that the operation to sabotage our designated production target was a failure, the resistance group hit on a patrol on the way to sabotage the facility, twelve of our men have been killed in the ensuing firefight and two became missing in action when they were wounded and collapsed during the evac; we can only assume they were taken in by the authorities. Assuming no one will hold under torture, we are forced to put the rest of the team into hiding as they knew the others.
This is a disaster!
Resistance Falls for Trap
A reactionary resistance cell tried to launch a raid on one of our arms factories, exactly as our informant wanted. They went in their right into our trap, causing a firefight in which we killed several of their party, and arrested the rest, including the leader, who might well know people beyond just his little group.
Tell us more, or we'll shoot your toe off!
Operation Failed!
Our boots on the ground report that none of the operatives deployed in the field to sabotage the arms factory have returned. Upon sending a scout he soon reported back that the factory remained intact, but that the police was all over. Evidently it had been a trap. What's worse, for all we know the leader of the group has been arrested too, so we'll have to take all thirty operatives he had contact within the resistance into hiding as a safeguard.
This is more than a disaster!
Operation Failed!
Our boots on the ground report that the operatives in the field aborted the operation before it even started, after one of the men saw one of the labourers who stayed late wield a gun. The leader then decided that the safety of the group was more important than the mission and ordered the group to turn back...
It was likely the best choice.
Resistance Bombs a Railway!
A small group of reactionary terrorists have bombed a railway line in the deepest of the night. Sadly, no trace of them is to be found and there's little we can do besides repairing the damage.
Petty Terrorists!
Successful Operation!
Our operatives report success in bombing the designated railway. The[HolexSyndicalistOrGerman] will not know what hit them and the whole group has safely returned!
Good, good!
Resistance Members Arrested!
A small group of reactionary terrorists tried to bomb a railway line in the deepest of the night, but they were discovered by a local and were swiftly taken into custody. The streets are a bit safer again now.
Good riddance!
Failed Operation!
Our operatives had evidently been spotted on the way to their target, for the police suddenly appeared and arrested all five of them, according to a local sympathetic to our cause. We need to work quickly to put their contact persons into hiding.
Quick, inform them!
Police Raid Hits Resistance Network
The reactionary resistance network operated by [DEI.GetNameDef] has been hit by a police raid, which was a grandiose success: eight reactionaries have been taken in and we extracted knowledge about other members' whereabouts from them, although the resistance probably has told them to go into hiding by now. This is a big win for our rule!
Good riddance!
Police Raid Hits Resistance Network
Our network was hit by a police raid, evidently directed by someone who knew a lot about the nature of our network. All 8 targets of theirs have been hauled off by policemen, and since they have contact persons whom they know, we'll have to take them into hiding as a safeguard.
Oh no!
Police Raid Hits Resistance Network
The reactionary resistance network operated by [DEI.GetNameDef] has been hit by a police raid, which was moderately successful: we arrested 4 reactionaries, meaning 4 others also were allowed to escape, but at least we managed to extract intelligence about some other members so we're forcing a fair amount of resistance operatives to lay low.
At least that's something...
Police Raid Hits Resistance Network
Our network was hit by a police raid, evidently directed by someone who knew a lot about the nature of our network. They targeted 8 members, 4 of whom managed to evacuate. The 4 that were actually arrested had other contacts, and evidently they know who the other 4 are, so it seems we have no choice but to take both these groups into hiding.
Oh no!
Police Raid Hits Resistance Network
The reactionary resistance network operated by [DEI.GetNameDef] has been hit by a police raid, which was an absolute disgrace to our police apparatus: all 8 targets escaped. The only bright point is that the resistance, knowing that we identified their operatives, is forced to put them into hiding which makes them unable to execute any missions for a while.
Blast!
Police Raid Hits Resistance Network
The police tried to raid our network today, attempting to take in 8 designated targets who were clearly turned in by someone. Luckily however, all 8 managed to escape, though evidently the authorities know of their identity and thus they'll be forced into hiding.
Nice try...
Revolution in the Netherlands
Disturbing news from the Netherlands has arrived; apparently syndicalist elements have overthrown the legitimate democratic government and imposed tyranny on the metropolitan Netherlands. The queen and several loyalists successfully evacuated and seem to intend to start a government in exile here.
Of course, welcome!
Birthright Restored!
We have successfully liberated the Netherlands and re-established its rightful order. Obviously, a strong government will have to be instituted there before we can re-establish elections lest syndicalism return, but the worst is over. The question is how to move forward, including the fate of the colonies, and specifically the Dutch East Indies, who fought so hard for the liberation of the homeland.
Independence is granted, as promised (Play as the Netherlands)
Independence is granted, as promised (Play as Indonesia)
The Indies get equal status, as promised.
The old order will be re-established (Play as the colonial government)
The old order will be re-established (Play as the Netherlands)
SDAP
Sociaal Democratische Arbeiderspartij
VDB
Vrijzinnig Democratische Bond
LSP
Liberale Staatspartij
CNA
Christelijke Nationale Alliantie
Raad van Nederlandsch-Indië
Raad van Nederlandsch-Indië
RvNE
Raad van Nationale Eenheid
Black Monday Arrives!
Black Monday has arrived, like a train hitting a solid object. Suddenly our exports to Europe declined dramatically, and we will have to take action to rectify this.
Bypass Singapur
In recent years, more and more goods directed toward Mitteleuropa are shipped through Singapur rather than Batavia, but we control our side of the strait of Malacca as well, we owe nothing in these taxes to Germany and can easily resupply in our own ports.
Expand the Batavia Dockyards
The Batavia Dockyards are well-known for the old wooden ships docked there which sail throughout the Indies to transport goods and people. We should expand it to handle more modern ships in greater numbers as well.
Expand KPM
The Royal Packet Navigation Company (Koninklijke Paketvaart-Maatschappij) has been maintaining inter-island shipping lines since 1888, and already bypassed Singapur. By helping them expand we will increase inter-island commerce as well as our amount of draftable ships.
Fight Piracy in the Malacca Strait
Piracy in the Malacca Strait has been infamous since a very long time for its ferocity. We should once more outfit convoys and expeditions to pacify this lawless strait.
Limit Rice Imports
Black Monday has caused the international prices for rice to plunge, making it hard for our subjects to make a living off their rice farm. We should limit the import of rice to force the price to go up again, so that we don't wind up with a famine when the prices start to rise again.
A Self-sustainable Foodsystem
By investing extra in the efficiency of rice farming, we can get rid of our dependence on other parts of Asia for rice to feed the colonial masses, which will make us in turn stronger.
Agrarian Relief
By helping farmers with support, we can limit the suffering caused by Black Monday, making our rule more secure.
Purchase Sugar Fields
With the arrival of Black Monday, one of the largest export goods of the Dutch East Indies, sugar, became a luxury item that no one in Europe would buy anymore. Those who invested in plots of land to build sugar suffer, often having incurred debts to buy their plot. By buying sugar-farming land, the colonial government can obtain land that could be used for the establishment of colonial industry.
Expand the Coal Industry
With the new free plots of land, we can establish colonial industry to increase our production and to bring prosperity to the archipelago and work to the Dutch overseers. Though of the backs of those incarcerated.
Step Up Rubber Production
With Black Monday, rubber was hit hard by the lower prices, perhaps no longer being the precious commodity it once was. To make up for the lower prices, we should expand the production to export greater amounts.
Expand Shell Operations
The Bataafse Petroleum Maatschappij controls all oil rigs in the Indies. By helping them expand, we can increase the oil production to make up for lower prices as Black Monday greatly lowered the petroleum demands.
Expand Infrastructure
By expanding the infrastructure of Java, we can more easily transport goods and people, increasing our national efficiency.
Precrisis Levels Reattained
Thanks to our actions, we have managed to return to the levels before the Black Monday crash. In some sectors, we've even surpassed all previous production levels.
Industrialising the East Indies
With our economy secure, we can start focusing on expanding our colonial industry towards amounts not seen before in the archipelago.
Focus on Civilian Industry
By expanding the civilian industry in the colony, we can decrease building times and increase our general production.
Focus on Arms Industry
The Indies is home to the Artillerie Constructie Winkel, an arms company reaching back to the times of the VOC. By working with them, we can expand our arms industry.
A Modern Economy!
With our recent industrialisation, our economy has become significantly more modern: a few years ago, most of the Indies economy was almost completely agrarian in nature, and now we have several industrial facilities. There is still a long way to go however.
[GetYear] Review of the KNIL
The KNIL has remained largely the same since the Weltkrieg. Perhaps a review could be positive towards their performance.
Nederlandse Inkoopcommissie
Accountable to the current Dutch government and the Governor General, the Netherlands Purchasing Commission (NI) is the merging of four other commission in an effect to streamline the modernisation of the KNIL.
Arms Shipment from the Netherlands
Our belated shipment of arms from the Netherlands has arrived, with it appearing they have sent their old surplus rifles.
Local Munitions Factory
The procurement of rifles is one thing, the manufacture of spare parts, ammunition, and other bits and bobs is another. With this in mind, a munition factory is to be setup within Soerabaja.
Karabijnmitrailleur
The Madsen Machine Gun has been in service with the KNIL since the 1915. To make it more portable, the barrel has been shortened, being then redesigned as a \
Entice Foreign Pilots
Reforming the Cavalry Regiments
Though cavalry still have their uses within the colony, with further infrastructure investment has allowed for the deployment of motorised units albeit in a limited capacity. The NI seeks to reform the current cavalry regiment of the KNIL to a more modern standard, though supplying the required equipment is another thing.
Bicycle Divisions
What is a Dutchmen without his trusty bicycle. This is what thoughts have been echoed with those who are currently reforming the KNIL.
The reality is that the Dutch East Indies does not have a large pool of \
Long Term Contracts Offered
The average contract offered to a foreign pilot is akin to a summer holiday in length, with no other real enticement but being able to fly in an exotic location, and maybe strafe a native uprising or two. With offering housing, limited subsidies, and of course long-term contracts, there is a hope that these foreign pilots will settle in the Dutch East Indies.
Larger Salaries Offered
The average contract offered to a foreign pilot is akin to a summer holiday in length, with no other real enticement but being able to fly in an exotic location, and maybe strafe a native uprising or two. With offering housing, limited subsidies, and of course, larger salaries, there is a hope that these foreign pilots will settle in the Dutch East Indies.
Fokker Acquisition
With a steady stream of foreign pilots supplementing our small pilot corps, the Netherlands Purchasing Commission has seen to obtain new fighters to expand the KNIL Air Corps.
Reforming the High Command
Ter Poorten wishes to shuffle up the current High Command, stating it has become stagnant. Though it really appears it's given ter Poorten a chance to move people around he doesn't like.
From a Garrison to an Army
The KNIL for all intents and purposes has been a small Police force designed to pacify native uprising, though on a smaller scale. With the need to crack down on a larger and more unified movement comes a need to reform the KNIL into a proper army.
Old Artillery Officer
With the reforms made to the high command, Ter Poorten has been able to procure further artillery pieces for the KNIL.
Establish Signal Sections
Currently no wireless radios are used by the KNIL, with the reliance of civilian services to aid planning, and organisation of KNIL units in the field. With an establishment of a Signal Section, we are able to slowly introduce wireless radios into the KNIL, to help overcome its current short falls.
Welcome to the Jungle
When Dylan Jaannsen joined the KNIL, as he saw it as an opportunity to advance himself within the bureaucracy of the Dutch Eash Indies. Little did he know that part of joining, was a 2-kilometre trek though the harsh jungles of Papua. His brow thick with sweat, he pushed to himself through the last of the thicket to trip. Looking up, a fellow soldier of Papuan descent, reached his arm out, and aided Dylan saying in terrible Dutch \
Overvalwagen Procurements
The Overvalwagens, are lightly armoured Chevrolet trucks designed by Captain R.J. Luijke Roskott, who is an Engineer within the Dutch Army. The Netherlands Purchasing Commission has secured the means to produce them locally, and several models as well for the KNIL. They are to be armed with the recently acquired \
Procure Anti-Aircraft Guns
Rolling tank battles are not expected to be occurring within the Dutch East Indies, though the use of lighter vehicles and aircraft have seen the need for smaller calibre auto-cannons to be procured for the KNIL.
Procure CTMS-1TB1 Licences
With the troubles of America aside, licences for the CTMS-1TB1 manufactured by Marmon-Herrington, have finally arrived though out of the 100 ordered, only 50 have arrived.
A New Direction
The new Governor-General, [DEI.GetLeader], is currently appalled by the current KNIL reforms, stating they debase Dutch culture, with that of the Inlanders. He will be steering the current reforms in another direction, to ensure that the Dutch culture is preserved within the Dutch East Indies.
VNH Approved Instructors
Like the Netherlands, Dutch within the Dutch East Indies are not promoting Dutch culture within the ranks, this must be rectified
KNIL Parachutistenkorps
By setting up a parachutists corps specific to the Indies, we can combine the abilities of the KNIL and its air force to allow us to act swiftly in case of an emergency by dropping parachutists above it. Also, the several aeroplanes used by civilian mailing services have \
New Recruitment Standards
Stricter recruitment standards are being enforced to ensure that the men of the KNIL epitome of Dutch martial prowess. Further to this, the enforcement of Dutch among its ranks has further helped edge out the undesirables.
Labour Battalions
[DEI.GetLeader] has pushed, and successfully achieved the creation of Labour Battalions. Men within these battalions, will provide the labour needed to provide infrastructure, and other military assets that are required. Also, it would appear that they strictly comprise of Inlanders who don't meet the current standards of the KNIL, and convicts.
Support Battalions
The Dutch East Indies environs range from the flats of Batavia to the tense Jungles of West Papua. To counter this, support battalions are being created to support the KNIL regardless of which environs they see themselves in.
Procure Further Weapons
With more control now given to the Governor-General via [DEI.GetLeader], the red tape has been cut, allowing for easier procurement of arms from the [HOL.GetName].
VNH Approved Reforms
Approved reforms from the VNH have made its way to the [DEI.GetLeader] desk. They appear to be very radical, but [DEI.GetLeader] is up to the challenge.
Honorary Dutch
The VNH radical reforms are the promotion of other cultures with the Dutch East Indies, with it these reforms mainly targeting the Javanese.
Reform the Auxiliary Corps
Not all Inlanders wish to serve in the KNIL, due to the current reforms. We must \
Compliant European Officers
European Officers, under the directions of the VNH are to ensure that all VNH standards are met, and that the Dutch culture is preserved. Either with the encouragement or discipline, these standards will be enforced.
Limited Native NCOs
The need for Inlanders within our rank and file is always going to be a factor, as not all Inlanders speak Dutch... for now. With this said, we should select those who proven themselves loyal, or are hail from our more enlightened natives to assist in this.
Attract Like Minded Europeans
Our cause is just; our methods are sound. With this in mind, we must seek those fellow Europeans, who are liked minded, and willing to embrace our proud culture.
Zuid-Afrikaanse Vrienden
Our South African Afrikaner friends within the South African nationalist party have shown a keen interest in the work of the VNH, with several dubbed \
Reforms Complete
The KNIL has now been reformed as the protector of Dutch culture within the East Indies. And also, to provide more than a rudimentary defence against any would be attacker. Though the locals are restless, with more and more police actions occurring.
Back on Course
With [DEI.GetLeader] now truly settled, ter Poorten has politely pushed for the reforms to continue for the KNIL, with it appearing his manners have served him well.
Further Doctrine Refinement
New tactics, and strategies are slowly making their way to into the KNIL. The gears may grind slow, but they still are grinding forwards.
Recon Elements
The KNIL suffers from having no dedicated reconnaissance elements embedded within it's infantry divisions, with the creation of said units to alleviate this.
Standardised Training Routines
Currently there are several training routines emplace, which appear to have arbitrary reasons behind them. With the standardisation of training routines, no matter where you hark from within the Dutch East Indies, we will be equated with the same drill sergeant, who will break you down, to build you back up again, to break you down again, and if he has time, to build you back up again.
M.A.Z
Being surrounded by harsh, and remote jungle, the needs for Mobile Army Surgical Hospital is sorely needed, allowing for our injured men to be treated as soon as possible.
Expand de Post, Telegraaf en Telefoondienst
By expanding the Post, Telegraph and Telephone services that are under the civilian sector, we will be greatly increase our communcation range throughout the archipelago.
Expand Local Military Industrial Complex
Shipments aren't always going to arrive on time, or at all from the Netherlands. With this, we must expand our local Military Industrial Complex to obtain a level of self-reliance.
Koninklijke Militaire Academie Returnees
Our cadets have returned form the King's Military Academy in the Netherlands, bringing with them the latest in military theorem.
Weltkrieg Tactics
Though the Netherlands, and ultimately the Dutch East Indies were neutral during the Wereldoorlog. It has not stopped the Koninklijke Militaire Academie seeking further knowledge on the tactics used during the war. Which the returnees have brought back with them.
Review Foreign Pantser Designs
From the Australasian Sentinel Tank to the Ostasien Panzer IV, for the KNIL to keep up with these professional armies, we must seek to review these designs for the betterment of the KNIL.
NCO Training
Most Inlanders have a rudimentary control of the Dutch language. Overtime, there are hopes that this will not be a problem. Till then, all NCOs, regardless of background are to act as an intermediary between the generally Dutch speaker Officers, and the generally Inlander speaking rank and file.
Expand the Auxiliaries
The Auxiliaries serve as a loyal militia and are usually stationed within the outskirts of the colony. In an effect to gain greater control of the archipelago, the KNIL is expanding the Auxiliaries, and the capabilities, in an effort to maintain control.
Flow on Effect
The reforms, which have been mainly on the top level of KNIL, are now beginning to flow down upon the rank and file.
Female Auxiliary Units
With the need of able-bodied men for front line duties, female Auxiliary units have been formed, allowing for women to fulfil roles that aren't on the front lines. Furthermore, a female Air Corps Auxiliary has been formed, though this has left many clutching on their pearls quite tightly.
Reforms Complete
The light at the end of the tunnel has grown brighter, and brighter. Though these reforms have not turned the KNIL into a professional standing Army, they have uplifted the KNIL from a Police Force, to a well-equipped Home Guard.
Witte Fosfor Brandbommen
White Phosphorous incendiary bombs appear to have been procured by unknown means to be used by the KNIL Air Corps. These incendiary weapons appear to be highly effective against enemies seek cover amongst the dense jungle environs that the Dutch East Indies provides.
Night Fighting
The KNIL Air Corps will never have the best fighters or equipment, but the use of unconventional tactics via the cover of darkness shall give us the edge we need.
Royal Dutch East Indian Marines
By establishing a Marine Corps specific to the Dutch East Indies, which is made up of local forces specialised in landings, a not-unimportant part of warfare in this insular region.
Defending the Indies
The Indies are the jewel of the Dutch empire. We shall defend it with all we have. no one shall take it!
Fortifying Java
Java is the political heart of the Indies. By fortifying it, we can make any foreign invasion at the very least highly costly in terms of men and equipment for the enemy.
Military Aviation of the KNIL
The Military Aviation of the KNIL acts as the air force of the colony. While we currently have a few planes already, it seems the war of the future shall be fought in the air, and we cannot allow our enemies to take the upper hand there.
East Indian Bombers
Bombers can cripple enemy industry as well as support our land-based operations. By investing heavily in them, we shall make our air force more complete.
East Indian Fighters
Bombers can do nothing if enemy fighters pull them out the air; we should invest in fighters to ensure the security of our airspace and to prevent enemy bombers from operating above our lands.
Expand the Airfields
The Indies are far and wide. By expanding the airfields, we cannot only serve a military purpose, but also increase the capacity of civilian airfields allowed goods, people and information to travel faster between the islands.
Fokker Investments
Fokker is Europe's largest plane producer and has strong ties to the Netherlands. By granting them advantages in regulation or tax we might be able to tempt them into investing here, perhaps as their first time branching out to Asia.
Expand the Government Navy
The Government Navy is officially not part of the KNIL, therefore we lack any jurisdiction over it, but its location here does make us the de-facto overseeing instance. We should invest in expanding it, right here!
Local Dockyards
By producing dockyards right here, we can build some ships separate from the Netherlands, allowing us a bit more freedom to produce new ships within our budget.
Focus on Submarines
In an open battle against the Japanese, it seems impossible to beat their navy. Instead, we should focus on our own advantages: the Netherlands maintains some of the most sophisticated submarines, an unique advantage that could win us an advantage in the naval battle.
Naval Bombers
Naval bombers have never been a top priority for the KNIL Air Corps, or the Dutch Navy contingent stationed within the Dutch East Indies. However, our naval bomber designs should be reviewed - even if procurement of anything more than a licence may be highly unlikely.
Helfrich's Naval Guerrilla Plan
Admiral Helfrich has devised a 'guerrilla' plan, using submarines to attack and then disengage, to wear out any enemy naval superiority as if it were a guerrilla war on land. Only the Dutch would think this is a viable turn of phase...
Focus on Light Cruisers
We should focus on light cruisers as strong ships that can safeguard our larger capital ships while still maintaining enough firepower to deter our enemies.
Focus on Destroyers
Destroyers are ideal to fight off enemy submarines and thus as screening vessels. Investing in them might be a sound idea.
Review of the Nederlands-Indische Vloot
A top to bottom review of the current state of the Royal Dutch Navy fleet station in the Dutch East Indies is to occur, with even the most positive outcome looking grim.
Admiral Helfrich Vlootplan
Much alike to his proposed plan for the Dutch Navy (be it popular or not), Admiral Helrich proposes the use of submarines to harry the enemy, and strike at their supply lines. This is both practicable, and affordable, also allowing for these new submarines to be constructed locally.
Koninklijke Rotterdamsche Lloyd
Founded in 1875, as a mail-ship service between the Netherlands, and the Dutch East Indies, has become one of the sole shipbuilding companies within the archipelago. They have won (to no one surprise) the contract to produce the K XIV-class submarine designed by J.J. van der Struyff.
Batavian Submarine Pens
To further expand local production, the construction of submarine pens within Batavia has been commissioned.
K XIV-Class Submarine
The K XIV-Class Submarine is a larger submarine designed to operate deeper into enemy territory. The prefect submarine for the conditions of South East Asian Sea operations
Hunter-Killer Groups
Admiral Helfrich's approach of \
New Naval Tactics
Admiral Helfrich reforms have trickled down throughout the ranks, though many are concerned his more \
Bonifacius de Jonge Resigns
Governor-General De Jonge has held office now since 1931 and had announced in advance that he would retire from it for a while. Time to invite our new governor-general to the palace in Batavia.
Palar's Reform
Nico Palar is a senior member of the SDAP party and would be the first native governor-general of the colonies. We're honoured to welcome him back to his homeland after he worked in the Netherlands for a while.
Fund the Ethische Politiek
The Ethical policy was a splendid programme, bringing welfare to the native population as is our duty as guardian of the Indian populace. Sadly, it has been greatly underfunded since the conservatives implemented it. With the social democrats available in the Netherlands, we can turn that around!
Open More Schools
Better education means a better future. By opening more schools, we can teach more natives how to read so they can take on more complicated task, which will in the future help both our economies and technological progress.
Werkverschaffing for Inlanders
The natives often fail to gain jobs just like the regular Dutch back home. By establishing Werkverschaffing programmes, we can lighten this burden.
Lift Bans on Nationalist Organisations
Previously, the Netherlands acted very frantically on the idea of allowing nationalist organisations, but we have to be honest with ourselves: we don't have the right to keep the Indonesians in chains forever, and if we help them and thus keep them happy, this will not be a detrimental move.
Cross voting
The current system is fairly odd, only enfranchising a very small elite. We should allow everyone in the Indies to vote for the seats in the Volksraad. We can't get this through however without giving in to the demands that Dutch votes weight heavier.
Tjarda van Starkenborgh Stachouwer Reforms
Tjarda van Starkenborgh-Stachouwer has been a dutiful civil servant since a long time, and it seems no surprise that the homeland decided to appoint him as our new governor-general. Let us welcome him!
Limited Liberalisation
We should cut down a bit on the authoritarian nature of the colonial government. While it is true that we must safeguard our presence here, pushing too hard will only have adverse effects.
Extra Funding for the Volksraad
The Volksraad is an important part of the colonial government, but severely underfunded. Even though it does not have a lot of power, it is essential in keeping policy in line with the interests of all groups in the Indies.
Strengthen the Volksraad
The Volksraad is currently merely an advisory body. There are sufficient safeguards keeping it in check, we can make it a bit more powerful, with more checks on the governor-general's office.
Congress of Batavia
It is time that we look into the future and recognise what is; in its current form the Dutch East Indies won't last forever, however, if we reform it can. We should negotiate with the local populace towards giving the Indies an equal status within the kingdom and granting them citizenship.
Furstner's Reforms
Admiral Furstner was an unexpected choice, having had few administrative jobs and being more a man of the navy. He was however a founding member of the VNH so perhaps it could've been expected...
Expand the PID
The Political Intelligence Service is the internal security service of the Indies. By expanding it we can more efficiently crack down on subversive movements in favour of 'independence'.
Expand Camps in Western New Guinea
The camps in New Guinea have always been ideal to store away dissidents. Locating in the middle of the New Guinea jungle, filled with hostile tribes, no one would even consider trying to escape. We should expand them to hold more dissidents.
Red Scare Propaganda Campaign
Contrary to popular belief, not everyone supports this 'Indonesian Independence' idea. We can improve this situation by putting out propaganda, amongst other things about the state of such a nation should it break away and overplaying the \
Abandon the Ethical Policy
The Ethical Policy was a mistake, it only resulted in an educated elite who immediately showed that they were not ready, ranting against our rule. We should abolish it and make sure the Inlanders stay in the rice fields until they're actually ready for education.
Restore the Cultuurstelsel
During the Cultuurstelsel system, profits from the colony were higher than ever, until subversive books started to undermine it. Time to bring old times back!
East Indian Apartheid
Enforcing segregation may be frowned upon, but it is clearly the only way to avoid natives from poisoning the minds of Totoks and Indos with ideas that they should be equal.
Cultural Imperialism
We have been here for over 300 years yet still they remain clenched to their own backwards culture. We should change this by actually starting to promote superior Dutch culture.
Enforce Dutch Curricula
Despite our prolonged stay, Inlanders still tend to use Malay as lingua franca. It is unacceptable that such a language could fill that role when Dutch is an alternative!
Target the Javanese Independence Groups
The Javanese hold plurality within the archipelago. By targeting only them, we can hope to create a power vacuum between the groups.
Dissolve the Volksraad
The Volksraad is a group of poor old sods who think they have the right to criticise the governor-general on everything he does. It is time we abolish this abomination once and for all and centre all power in the governor-general.
The Exiles Arrive!
The vile syndicalist menace has sadly taken over our home and haven. We shall arrive in the Indies and we shall liberate our homeland from this foreign occupation, for syndicalists are not Dutch at all!
The Only Man in the Dutch Government
If democracy had been a stable, helpful, defensive system then we wouldn't be in this situation. The queen should take full control over the direction of our nation, even if that means giving up some civil liberties.
Samen Uit, Samen Thuis
The Netherlands has a proud democratic tradition. Even in our darkest hour of occupation by tyrannical syndicalist thugs, we should not stray from this path as it would only put us on their level.
The Batavia Bargain
With the exiles alone, it seems highly unlikely that we will be capable of defeating the syndicalist menace. We should try to cut a deal with the locals, if only to avoid a revolt while we can't stop them.
Reestablish the CID
The CID has largely been forfeited in the chaos of the revolution, although many of its major officials are right here right now. We should refound the CID here. They shall help us defeat the syndicalist menace from the shadows.
Internal: The PID
The Politieke Inlichtingendienst is the internal security service of the Dutch East Indies. They should be held in high regard because they are our best defence against domestic syndicalist tendencies.
Expand the New Guinea Camps
The camps in New Guinea are ideal for keeping syndicalist thugs and other traitors away from the streets and more importantly, attacks. Located in New Guinea, no one will dare trying to escape through the rainforest with cannibalistic tribes hidden in the trees.
Root out the Partai Murba
Since the destruction of the ISDV, the proletarian party of Tan Malaka has been the foremost radically socialist independence movement. We should crack down on them lest they entice the Inlanders into trying to repeat the Batavian Revolution here.
Outlaw Syndicalism
Syndicalism is a disgusting system and should most definitely be outlawed to ensure our stability. It is bad enough that it has left its stain on the Dutch mainland.
Extend Decryption Techniques
We should improve on our decryption techniques to gain an advantage in intelligence against our enemies.
External: The BBO
The Bureau Buitengewone Opdrachten is the office overseeing resistance activities against the illegitimate Dutch government. They might just turn out to be the ones securing the liberation.
Activate Stay-Behind Network
Following the events of 1925 in Britain, the Dutch government realised that they might well be next to fall to the socialist menace. As such, a stay-behind network had been prepared, just in case. This has turned out to be a good choice as it will give our resistance network a huge start.
A Natural Resistance
Dutchmen are naturally resistant against oppression, and syndicalism is oppression by all means considering the limits they place on getting to be part of their government. By playing in to these feelings we can surely strengthen our internal forces.
Prepare the 'Bevrijding'
We should prepare the liberation of the Netherlands from the shadows to make it as swift as possible.
The Shadowforce
A force dawns upon [HOL.GetNameDef], a force of shadows. Peering from the dark we shall destabilise and destroy this menace!
The Army in Exile
We shall go on until the end. We shall fight in the Indies...
Ter Land
... we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the polders...
Ter Zee
... we shall fight on the seas and oceans...
En in de Lucht
... we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air...
Conscript Inlanders
Even with the exiles, Dutchmen are in short supply, we should start conscripting Inlanders otherwise we stand little chance to defeat the menace in Holland.
Establish the Bannelingenlegioen
Many enthusiastic exiles are here and want to help rescue our homeland from that scum of the earth. We should welcome such tendencies and establish a specific branch in the army for them.
Unite the Navy
We should get together the loyalist navies from back home and the navy that was in the Indies to begin with to allow for a joint offensive!
Bombers against the Reds
We should bomb every last red production facility to shreds, let's see how 'effective' syndicalism is without its factories.
Fighters against the Reds
Bombers need a proper number of fighters to safeguard their missions. We should focus on those primarily to avoid making bombing runs a suicide mission.
Light Armour Divisions
We should invest in 'pantservoertuigen' - tanks - to take over our scouting duties, being much faster and better armoured than plain infantry. This is the future of warfare.
Korps Mariniers in Exile
To establish a proper landing we need specialised forces who are trained in making such a landing. As per such, we should re-establish the korps mariniers; they will be the front of our offensive!
Naval Bombers
By using naval bombers we harass the enemy navies from the sky. It shall not be their navy that will prevent us from liberating the homeland.
Close Air Support
Support from the air has become instrumental in warfare of today. We should focus on this portion of aerial warfare to further our battlefield performance.
Ruling the Lands
The Landmacht (landforce) is ready to liberate the Netherlands. The syndicalists won't know what's coming for them!
Expanding our Navy
Our navy needs to be expanded if we want to secure our chances when we launch a naval invasion.
Ruling the Skies
The Luchtmacht (air force) is ready to liberate the Netherlands. The syndicalists won't know what's coming for them!
Focus on Cruisers
We should focus on the construction of new cruisers to expand our navy to open the way for an invasion of the mainland that will be the way to go.
Focus on Submarines
Submarines have always been our specialty, the first of them having been discovered by a Dutchman at that. Let us harass their shipping with them!
Ruling the Seas
The Marine (navy) is ready to liberate the Netherlands. The syndicalists won't know what's coming for them!
Ruling the Netherlands Soon!
All three branches of our army are ready. Let us launch an invasion with a ferocity that is never seen before!
Expertise of the Exiles
Many of those exiled are the most successful entrepreneurs of our society. They have a lot of expertise, both technical and in terms of how to organise a workforce.
Industrialising Java
Java is relatively urbanised and we need a basic industrial sector to work with. If we invest in building factories now, it will aid the liberation.
Build the Dockyards
We will need a secure navy if we ever hope to get a chance at liberating the homeland. Sadly however, most docks were based in the Netherlands. Luckily, we have the expertise of the exiles to reconstruct them here.
Build Arms Factories
Weapons for our soldiers are needed for the liberation, we should work on the basis of the Artillerie-Constructie Winkel to build a potent arms industry right here in the east!
Ships for the Liberation
If we are to liberate the homeland, many ships will be needed. Let us get as much metal together as possible to build as many of them as possible.
Resources for the Liberation
We need resources if we are to liberate the homeland. These resources bring in money and money brings an army!
Guns for the Liberation
Guns are crucial for an army. We should gather as many guns as we can scrape together if we are to be taken seriously as a liberation force.
Conversion focus
We should focus on militarising the factories instead of building them from scratch if we are to have the liberation happen within our lifetime.
Construction focus
We should focus on constructing new factories unless we want to avoid locking our economy in a military system that will hinder growth.
Expansion of Research and Development
Taking on a technological edge on the syndicalists using the technical know-how of our men should be relatively easy. The brightest minds of our nation are here, let us use their talents!
War Economy
It is time to ready our economy for war. Undoubtedly, the syndicalists will be doing the same but with their flawed system. We can do better!
Machine Fabriek Braat
Billiton Maatschappij
Black Monday
Singapur Circumvention
Secure Malacca Strait
Limit Rice Imports
Self-sufficient Foodsystem
Welkom in de rijstvelden, Zakkenwasser!
Agrarian Reforms
Welkom in de rijstvelden, Zakkenwasser!
Buying Out Sugarfields
Industrialising the East Indies
Centralising Indonesian Industry
Modern Economy for the East Indies
Colonial Government
Nederlandsch-Indië, is the result of Dutch global prominence in spice and cash crop within South East Asia since the 19th century. Its wealth helps fuel the economy of the Netherlands, to much discontent from the locals.
Colonial Government - Cultuurstelsel-Apartheid
[DEI.getleader] has returned the Dutch East Indies to its 19th century cultivation system roots, though as a modern man, has added 20th century spin with a more formal segregation system.
Staunch Defence
Helfrich's Naval Guerrilla Plan
Using submarines to attack and then disengage, Admiral Helfrich, wishes to fight his enemy akin to that of guerrilla war on land.
Hunter Kill Groups
Though Admiral Helfrich has concentrated on submarines, he still understands the need for the Dutch East Indies to be able to protect its shipping from enemy submarines.
Ethische Politiek: Minor Funding
Ethische Politiek: Funded
Ethische Politiek: Fully Implemented
Politieke Inlichtingendienst
Abandoned the Ethical Policy
Renewed Cultuurstelsel
Cultuurstelsel-Apartheid System
Indonesian National Revolution
The Indonesian National Revolution has emerged, and we will remain fighting for order!
Cultural Imperialism
Cultural Imperialism
Greater Tax Extraction
Renewed Intelligence Activities
Renewed Intelligence Activities
Renewed Intelligence Activities
Renewed Intelligence Activities
Expanded Decryption Capabilities
Natural Resistance
The Dutch people are naturally inclined against tyranny, and the sad state of affairs is that those who rule our homeland are un-Dutch in every way. Resistance is rendered natural!
Ruling the Land
Ruling the Skies
Ruling the Seas
Naval Expansion
Metropolitan Innovation Influx
Militarised Oil Production
Focus on Conversion
Focus on Construction
KNIL: Deficient
Years of cutbacks to funding, neglect, and mismanagement have left the KNIL in a sorry state. Further to this, with growing resentment from the natives from the local population, recruitment has proven a challenge.
KNIL: Slowly Modernising
Current reforms have allowed for the KNIL to slowly gain a degree of professionalism, though it sorely needs a doctrinal direction.
KNIL: Back on Course
[DEI.GetLeader] has more or less settled in and has allowed for the KNIL reforms to continue.
Creation of Recon Elements
The KNIL still lacks any form of reconnaissance assets, with recon elements put emplace to overcome this.
New Training Methods
KNIL training has now been refined... somewhat, to allow for a steadier flow of raw recruits.
KNIL: New Officer Corp
Expand the Auxiliaries
The need for greater control of the archipelago is required if the KNIL is to adequately defend it. The expansion of the Auxiliaries will achieve this.
NCO Training
Not all Inlanders speak the Dutch. The reforms would have NCO's act as an intermediary between the mainly Dutch speaking Officers, and the mainly Inlander speaking rank-and-file.
KNIL: Modernised
The KNIL has gone through several reforms to become a Home Guard Army, opposed to a Police Force.
KNIL: A New Direction
[DEI.GetLeader] has more or less settled in and is redirecting the KNIL reforms into a new direction.
KNIL: Approved Reforms
[DEI.GetLeader] has received further direction on the reforms to take place within the KNIL. They are radical to say the less.
KNIL: Beschermers van de Nederlandse Cultuur
The KNIL has now been reformed as the protectors of Dutch culture within the East Indies. And to provide more than a rudimentary defence against any would be attacker.
Inlander Labour Battalions
Putting the Inlanders to good use by forming Labour Battalions, to assist in the construction of infrastructure, and other military assets.
Reform the Auxiliaries
Not all Inlanders wish to serve in the KNIL, due to the current reforms. We must \
Stricter Recruitment Standards
Stricter recruitment standards are being enforced to ensure that the men of the KNIL epitome of Dutch martial prowess.
Compliant European Officers
European Officers, under the directions of the VNH are to ensure that all VNH standards are met, and that the Dutch culture is preserved.
Zuid-Afrikaanse Vrienden
The KNIL has attracted several South African instructors, providing the KNIL with much need expertise.
KNIL Air Corp Expanded
The KNIL Air Corp is still in its infancy and will be until the shortage of pilots is overcome.
KNIL Air Corp Expanded
The KNIL Air Corp is still in its infancy and will be until the shortage of pilots is overcome.
Witte Fosfor Brandbommen
Acquired by unknown means, White Phosphorus incendiary bombs have allowed for the KNIL forces to negate the cover of the jungle, though in the most unsavoury of ways.
Night Fighting
The KNIL Air Corps will never have the best fighters or equipment, but the use of unconventional tactics via the cover of darkness shall give us the edge we need.
Aggressive Tactics
The next war won't be fought with the roaring of cannons being fired from line ships, but with torpedoes being silently launched towards their targets.
Limited Liberalisation
Starkenborgh-Stachouwer has lifted several of the more authoritarian laws of the colony but is still maintaining the overall status-quo.
Strengthening of the Volksraad
With Starkenborgh-Stachouwer measures of strengthen the Volksraad, has allowed for a small flow on effect of more like minded Inlanders to join.
A New Beginning
With the Koninkrijksstatuut signed, the Dutch East Indies will slowly revert to allow the natives self-rule, though of course, with Dutch oversight...
A New Beginning - Unitary Goals
The Javanese-Malay representatives not happy with the speed and progression of the Koninkrijksstatuut and have pushed for an expedite of the progress.
A New Beginning - Federation Goals
The Javanese-Malay representatives not happy with the speed and progression of the Koninkrijksstatuut and have pushed for an expedite of the progress.
The fight for our freedom has finally begun. We will not rest until our guerrilla forces drive the Belanda back into the sea!
Independence Movement Unity: Very Low
Independence Movement Unity: Low
Independence Movement Unity: Medium
Independence Movement Unity: High
Independence Movement Unity: Very High
Independence Movement Strength: Very Low
Independence Movement Strength: Low
Independence Movement Strength: Medium
Independence Movement Strength: High
Independence Movement Strength: Very High
Sutardjo's petition has been rejected.
The Indonesian National Revolution has happened.
Isn't currently reducing the Independence Movement Strength.
Isn't currently reducing the Independence Movement Unity.
Indonesian National Revolution
The Indonesian National Revolution has arrived. Republican forces have risen up across the country in the hopes of securing an independent Indonesia.
Defend Java and Sumatra
We have secured control over most of Java and Sumatra. If we manage to maintain this position, the Dutch will have to come to terms with us in due time.
Recapture Java and Sumatra
Republican forces have taken the overhand in Java and Sumatra. If we are to avoid being forced to come to terms with the republicans - likely calling in the end of our colonial government - we need to re-establish a significant foothold in these areas again.
Indonesian National Awakening
Some believe the Archipelagos of the Dutch East Indies to be calm and tranquil, with its residents not having a care in the world. This could not be further from the truth. The dubbed \
The Archipelago Stirs
There is never a dull moment within the colony.
Movement Grows in Strength
As the Indonesian Independent movements unity grow, so do their strength. Though keeping them divided also has its benefits...
Indonesian National Revolution
Divide the Movement
[dei_rebel_hit_unity_desc]
One of the only saving graces of the Indonesians and their little rebellion is their lack of unity. By either focusing our forces on one group or supporting another, we can keep the unity of the movement down.
No longer held back by the \
Weaken the Movement
[dei_rebel_hit_strength_desc]
Arresting random leaders, harsher curfews, and other distasteful methods help keep the movement in check. Though sometimes our forces may be overzealous in their duties.
No longer held back by the \
\n§RShould the Indonesian National Awakening movement gain enough strength, they will rebel against us soon after. Decisions to help curb growing native resistance are now unlocked.§!
The §Ystrength§! of the independence movements §Rgrows§! slightly.\n
The §Ystrength§! of the independence movements §Rgrows§!.\n
The §Yunity§! of the independence movements §Rgrows§! slightly.\n
The §Yunity§! of the independence movements §Rgrows§!.\n
The §Ystrength§! of the independence movements §Gshrinks§! slightly.\n
The §Ystrength§! of the independence movements §Gshrinks§!.\n
The §Yunity§! of the independence movements §Gshrinks§! slightly.\n
The §Yunity§! of the independence movements §Gshrinks§!.\n
The §Yunity§! of the independence movements §Gshrinks§! slightly.\nThe §Ystrength§! of the independence movements §Gshrinks§! slightly.\n
The §Yunity§! of the independence movements §Rgrows§! slightly.\nThe §Ystrength§! of the independence movements §Rgrows§! slightly.\n
§RIf you pick this option, it will be you who will lead the Batavia conference when the time comes for it, rather than the local colonial government, but in the meantime the strength and unity of the independence movement will rise, making it less likely that this moment will ever come.§!
§YIndonesia§! will be granted full independence when the Netherlands is recovered from the[HolexSyndicalistOrGerman]. This will disable the independence mechanic, but if recovery becomes too hopeless, it will undoubtedly return.\n
§YIndonesia§! will be granted equal status within the Netherlands after the latter is recovered from the[HolexSyndicalistOrGerman].\n
No concessions will be made to the Inlanders, there is no doubt they will not be happy with this decision.\n
The §Yunity§! of the independence movements §Gshrinks§! significantly.\n
The §Yunity§! of the independence movements §Rgrows§! significantly.\n
If the operation is successful, a civilian factory in the Netherlands will be damaged.
§Y4§! resistance members died, §Y2§! have been arrested, §Y19§! are forced into hiding.
§Y7§! resistance members died, §Y1§! has been arrested, §Y17§! are forced into hiding.
§YAn unknown amount§! of resistance members died, §YThe Rest§! has been arrested, §Y30§! unrelated members are being forced into hiding.
§Y12§! resistance members died, §Y2§! have been arrested, §Y11§! are forced into hiding.
§Y5§! have been arrested, §Y3§! of their contact persons are forced into hiding.
If the operation is successful, a railway in the Netherlands will be damaged.
If the operation is successful, an arms factory in the Netherlands will be damaged.
§Y5§! trap is set. It will be activated next time the resistance executes an operation where we can catch them where they are.
§Y8§! members of the resistance have been taken into custody.
§Y4§! members of the resistance have been taken in o custody.
No members of the resistance have been taken into custody.
§Y9§! members of the resistance will need to go into hiding.
§Y5§! members of the resistance will need to go into hiding.
When we hold the Batavia conference, the Netherlands will lead the negotiations rather than us.
After the Koninkrijksstatuut is enacted, the entire Great East Area, Batavia and Dutch New Guinea will become §Ycores§! and the Dutch East Indies will be integrated.
After the Koninkrijksstatuut is enacted, the Moluccas, Westernmost lesser Sunda islands and Dutch New Guinea will become §Ycores§! and the Dutch East Indies will be integrated.
After the Koninkrijksstatuut is enacted, the Moluccas will become §Ycores§! and the Dutch East Indies will be integrated.
§Y750§! members of the resistance will become active.
§CWill merge current KNIL ideas§!
§CWill merge current KNIL ideas and provide the Complete Reform Idea§!
Nederlandsch-Indië Apartheid-Cultuurstelsel\n§WUnder the direction of the VNH-strongman Johannes Furstner, the establishment of an Apartheid system has been installed, with strict laws and other etiquettes written to ensure that \
Nederlandsch-Indië Apartheid-Cultuurstelsel - Batavia\n§WUnder the direction of the VNH-strongman Johannes Furstner, the establishment of an Apartheid system has been installed, with strict laws and other etiquettes written to ensure that \
Nederlandsch-Indië Apartheid-Cultuurstelsel - Nederlands-Timor\n§WUnder the direction of the VNH-strongman Johannes Furstner, the establishment of an Apartheid system has been installed. The Timorese have always been overrepresented within the KNIL, and with the new \
Nederlandsch-Indië Apartheid-Cultuurstelsel - Nederlands-Nieuw-Guinea\n§WUnder the direction of the VNH-strongman Johannes Furstner, the establishment of an Apartheid system has been installed. The Papuans are mainly tribal based, with little centralised representation, making them prefect to be moulded for our needs.§!
Nederlandsch-Indië Apartheid-Cultuurstelsel - Molukken\n§WUnder the direction of the VNH-strongman Johannes Furstner, the establishment of an Apartheid system has been installed. It appears whilst these reforms were being made, the government turned a blind eye to those loyal to the government, and their actions against other natives. This has paid off, with both the Ambonese and Manadonese happy to align themselves with the current government§!
Nederlandsch-Indië Apartheid-Cultuurstelsel - Flores en Soemba\n§WUnder the direction of the VNH-strongman Johannes Furstner, the establishment of an Apartheid system has been installed. These region is home to several cultures, though they have had a high amount of European influence, allowing for less restrictions to be enforced upon them.§!
Nederlandsch-Indië - Failure\n§WWith the Javanese-Malay rebellion coming to an end, those states who didn't wish to join this new state, are still under Dutch protection... but for how long§!
§RApartheid§! §Wwill be enforced within the Dutch East Indies.§!
§WChanges will be made to the §RApartheid§! to promote certain cultures.§!
The Independence Movement Unity must be §OMedium§! or higher
The Independence Movement Strength must be §OMedium§! or higher
Dutch East Indies M.A.Z
Available members of the resistance
Free hiding spots
Informants
Resistance Actions
The Office of Special Assignments centrally directs the resistance actions against the tyranny of our homeland's current government by her majesty's loyalists on the ground in the Netherlands.\n\nAvailable Resistance Members: [?DEI.holex_active_resistance_members|-0]\n\nFree Hiding Spots: [?DEI.holex_free_hiding_spots|-0]\n\nHidden Resistance Members: [?DEI.holex_hiding_resistancemembers|-0]
Counterresistance Actions
The Secretariat for Revolutionary Safeguard, or Sereve as it's also known, is the main internal intelligence agency of the Batavian Commune. Since the exiles are organising a resistance in our country, they are responsible for cracking down on these reactionaries.\n\nInformants: [?DEI.holex_informants|-0]
Recruit new members
The more members our web of resistance harbours, the greater its strength! Let us recruit additional souls against the tyranny that haunts our land!
Sabotage Civilian Factories
We can dispatch a group of resistance members to sabotage key locations and thus weaken the enemy hold on our nation. Some of the men might die, find themselves arrested or be forced into hiding in this action, however.
Sabotage Arms Factories
We can dispatch a group of resistance members to sabotage key locations and thus weaken the enemy hold on our nation. Some of the men might die, find themselves arrested or be forced into hiding in this action, however.
Recruit informants
Without informants we are merely lost in the dark. We should recruit informants to infiltrate their resistance cell so we can in turn trap them.
Establish safehouses
We should secure safehouses or other places to put people into hiding, in case one of our operation goes south. If we find ourselves with insufficient hiding spots, we cannot ensure the safety of our operatives.
Forge documents
By forging documents and a new identity for our exposed members, we can put them back in action without them risking arrest the very first time they enter the streets again.
Raise the Binnenlandse Strijdkrachten
We have built quite a substantial resistance network. Now that the bevrijding is in full swing, we can raise the Binnenlandse Strijdkrachten, the internal armed forces, behind the enemy lines.
Attack a Railway
By attacking the infrastructure of the enemy, we can keep them busy repairing their infrastructure while we build up strength and disrupt their supply lines.
Set up a Trap
The exiles are trying to undermine our rule. By instructing our informants to guide the targeting to a particular goal, we might be able to catch a large group of them at once when they launch that operation.
Roundup Reactionaries
With sufficient intelligence on reactionary activities, we can now attempt to capture some of their leadership in the greatest police roundup to date.
§H1§! Informant
§R1§! Informant
1 Informant will be uncovered by this operation.
§H5§! Informants
§R5§! Informants
5 Informants will be uncovered by this operation.
§H25§! Resistance Fighters
§R25§! Resistance Fighters
25 Resistance Fighters may be arrested, killed or forced into hiding during this operation.
All members of the resistance returned and will be back into action soon.
§H4000§! Resistance Fighters
§R4000§! Resistance Fighters
4000 Resistance Fighters will form militias to defeat the[HolexSyndicalistOrGerman].
§Y10§! Safehouses will be found.
§Y25§! Safehouses will be found.
§Y50§! Safehouses will be found.
§Y75§! Safehouses will be found.
§Y150§! Safehouses will be found.
§Y200§! Safehouses will be found.
§Y300§! Safehouses will be found.
§Y25§! Hiding members of the resistance will return to action.
§Y10§! Safehouses will be found.
§Y25§! Safehouses will be found.
§Y50§! Safehouses will be found.
§Y75§! Safehouses will be found.
§Y150§! Safehouses will be found.
§Y200§! Safehouses will be found.
§Y300§! Safehouses will be found.
This division template will start §Rlocked§! and will be §Gunlocked§! once we §Yliberate the Netherlands§!.
 syndicalist menace
 German menace
 enemy
Dutch East Indies
Dutch East Indian
the Dutch East Indies
Bonifacius de Jonge
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 22nd, 1875, in The Hague, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA moderate conservative Jonkheer, De Jonge first rose to national prominence as chief legal minister during in 1910, and as interim minister of war during the Weltkrieg, his political standing was cemented. After a successful stint with the Batavian Oil Company, which was responsible for petroleum extraction and refinement in the East Indies, De Jonge was appointed governor-general of the East Indian colony. Something of a strongman, De Jonge has focused great effort on suppression of the emerging nationalist movement.§!
Alidius Tjarda van Starkenborgh Stachouwer
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1888, in Groningen, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJonkheer Alidius Warmoldus Lambertus Tjarda van Starkenborgh Stachouwer, is a Dutch nobleman and statesman. He has always been a dutiful civil servant and appears to be wishing to remove some authoritarian measures, but ultimately wishes maintain the status quo of the colony.§!
Nico Palar
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1900, in Tomohon, North Sulawesi, Dutch East Indies§!
Abdulkadir Widjojoatmodjo
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 18th, 1904, in Salatiga, Central Java, Dutch East Indies§!
Pieter Sjoerds Gerbrandy
§YBorn:§! §LApril 13th, 1885, in Goënga, Frisia, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Ivo Samkalden
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 10th, 1912, in Rotterdam, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Johan Ringers
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 2nd, 1885, in Alkmaar, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Lubbertus Gotzen
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 10th, 1894, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Jan Jonkman
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 13th, 1891, in Utrecht, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Charles Welter
§YBorn:§! §LApril 6th, 1880, in The Hague, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Jan van Angeren
§YBorn:§! §LMay 9th, 1894, in Utrecht, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Rudolph Bakkers
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 16th, 1894, in Kotaradja, Sumatra, Dutch East Indies§!
Edzard Jacob van Holthe
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 29th, 1896, in The Hague, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Jan van der Hoop
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 9th, 1893, in The Hague, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Jan Hilgers
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 19th, 1886, in Probolinggo, East Java, Dutch East Indies§!
The Volksraad
§YFounded:§! §LMay 18th, 1918, in Weltevreden, Batavia, West Java, Dutch East Indies§!
