Based on the earlier choice, we will either join\n §Y[GER.GetNameWithFlag]§! or §Y[EGY.GetNameWithFlag]§! in their struggles.\n\n
Rashid al-Gaylani is part of the cabinet
Rashid al-Gaylani is not part of the cabinet
Taha al-Hashimi forms an alliance with tribal elements
§aWill greatly increase the chances of Muntafiq forces achieving their goal.§!
§RThe new government repeals many of the reforms enacted by their formers, removing the progress that was made.§!
Iraq
Iraqi
Iraq
Iraqi Socialist Republic
the Iraqi Socialist Republic
Iraqi Socialist Republic
the Iraqi Socialist Republic
Iraqi Socialist Republic
the Iraqi Socialist Republic
Arab Union
Arab
the Arab Union
Proletarian Union of Arab States
the Proletarian Union of Arab States
Proletarian Union of Arab States
the Proletarian Union of Arab States
Proletarian Union of Arab States
the Proletarian Union of Arab States
Arabian Federation
the Arabian Federation
Arabian Federation
the Arabian Federation
Arabian Federation
the Arabian Federation
Arabian Federation
the Arabian Federation
Arabian Federation
the Arabian Federation
Arabian Federation
the Arabian Federation
Arabian Federation
the Arabian Federation
HSI
Hizb ash Shiyū'ī al 'Irāqī (Socialist Party of Iraq)
HSI
Hizb ash Shiyū'ī al 'Irāqī (Socialist Party of Iraq)
HSI
Hizb ash Shiyū'ī al 'Irāqī (Socialist Party of Iraq)
Jamā'at al Ahlī
Jamā'at al Ahlī (Al Ahlī Group)
HWD
Hizb al Watanīyah al Dīmuqrātīyah (National Democratic Party)
HHA
Hizb Hurrat al 'Arab (Free Arab Party)
HII
Hizb al Ittihād al 'Irāqī (Ittihād Party of Iraq)
HIW
Hizb al Ikhā' al Watanī (National Brotherhood Party)
Nādī al Muthannā
Nādī al Muthannā (Al Muthannā Club)
Nādī al Muthannā
Nādī al Muthannā (Al Muthannā Club)
Āl Sa'dūn
House of Sa'doun
Rampant Corruption
Deeply engrained within all echelons of life in Iraq, corruption is not just a nuisance but an absolute plague. The lack of oversight from Kostantiniye has severely aggravated the issue as many skilled bureaucrats and military supervisors were forced to leave for Turkey, making room for a largely uneducated and less disciplined next generation.
Crippling Poverty
Although attempts were made by the Ottoman government to revitalise Iraq in the late 19th and early 20th century, the overall state of society in the former home of civilisation is utterly abysmal. Wealth is concentrated in the hands of the upper 10% whilst the vast majority of the population is either destitute, or bordering on it.
Sectarian Divide
Even though most political power lies with the Sunni Muslims, the nation of Iraq is home to a majority of Shiites and considerable minorities of Jews, Christians and Muslim off-shoots. Finding balance amongst these groups is nigh impossible and the lack of a desire to cooperate has resulted in an incapacitated government.
Bismarck of Arabia
Socialist Agitation
al-Muthanna Paramilitaries
Reformed Department of National Education
Iraqi Land Reform
Iraqi Tariff Law
Industrial Bank of Iraq
Agricultural Bank of Iraq
Iraqi Infrastructure Effort
National Board of Supplies
IQAF Bombing Initiative
IQAF Fighter Initiative
Legacy of Babil
Foreign Investment
Arab Economic and Social Council
Integrated Arab Command
Arab Council for Social Affairs
Dysfunctional Union
Iraq Focus Tree
Pass the Conscription Law
The first steps to stabilise Iraq require securing a steady source of manpower for our armies and police. They'll act as the Guardians of Independence for Iraq in our era.
Suppress al-Ahali
Poverty, division and backwardness will breed resentment, which in turn will breed revolution. We have no need for big-idea revolutionaries, with their French-imported ideas...
Islamic Morality Campaign
... when the arkān al-Islām helps all, uplifts all and guides all. Ensuring the populace follows Islamic ethics will ensure well-being, cohesiveness and progress.
Reorganise the Rüşdiye
During the reign of Sultan Abdülmecid I, in 1845, an edict was developed that envisaged the establishment of a new education system in a western style. This created a three-tiered system of education degrees with Rüşdiye, or high schools, as a middle tier. In the late 19th century a few Rüşdiye were converted into military high schools, mixing common education with military one.
al-Muthanna Paramilitaries
With part of their young members branch and their military connections at hand, the al-Muthanna Club is more than willing to fight for Iraq, we just need to officialise it.
Reform the Department of National Education
We can cheaply and easily adapt the remnants of Ottoman educational institutions to work for Iraq in a new Department of National Education.
Impose the al-Muthanna Curriculum
Nadi al-Muthanna, or The Muthanna Club, is a political affinity group in Baghdad that has incredible political pull in the capital. They have come to us with a proposal for a new national education, and a new national ideal to work for: Pan-Arabism.
Society for Eradicating Illiteracy
Pioneered by the al-Ahali Group, a pro-democracy club in Baghdad with western influences, this institution will promote literacy among the peasantry in a decentralised fashion.
Open the Baghdadi Technical Institute
With all the capital we've gathered, it's time to found a new central Institute that will be paramount to guide and prioritise our research efforts.
Reform the Electoral System
While the Electoral System of the Ottoman Empire served it for a long while, it's time for a new approach, reform and adaptation to the idiosyncrasies of Iraq.
Enact the Iraqi Labour Law
There is no doubt that successive governments in Iraq have been corrupt and that many members of those governments have been more interested in enriching themselves and their friends than in looking after the interests of the Iraqi population in general. It's time to protect the workers and peasants from their exploitation.
Pass Modern Family Laws
It's of foremost importance to ensure the structure of the family is legally codified to ensure all families have guaranteed rights in the new country of Iraq. Allowing women to take part in democracy is one of our first steps.
Enact Sliding-Scale Taxation
The vast majority of the Iraqis are poor, with the exception of great landowners and those favoured by the old regime. The poor of Iraq shouldn't bear the whole burden of making the state work for them. Instead, the main focus of our taxation system should be focused on a sliding scale of taxation dependent on wealth.
Redistribute Miri Land
Miri is a type of land ownership we inherited from the old Ottoman Empire, corresponding to agricultural land leased from the government for use by peasants. We shall put these assets to use immediately making sure the land is allocated for the common good.
The Model Villages Project
As part of our programme to raise the standard of living of the people, the draining of swamps and the establishment of protections for villages from the noxious effects of marshes shall be started with prototype Model Villages that will test our possible solutions.
The Parks and Hospitals Project
Public health involves a great deal of involvement from city planners. Installing parks in our cities and towns will ensure people have a healthy space in cities to socialise, whereas distributing hospitals over our territory will ensure wellbeing for all.
Tribal Civil and Criminal Disputes Regulation
For the most part, the Iraqi people are tribal and subservient to their Sheik leaders and governed by tribal law and customs. To limit local Sheik influence these customs should be codified into law and institutionalised.
Increase Shi'ite Representation
The Shi'a minority in Iraq has been the focus of persecution and oppression for too long. If we want to create a state for all of the Iraqis we must ensure they get a fair share of representation in institutions.
Fight Sectarian Propaganda
Shia, Sunni, Yazidi, Christian. Arab, Turkmen, Kurd, Assyrian. Beyond the religious and ethnic divisions that characterise Iraq, we're all should be just Iraqis. Sectarian and ethnic division has no place in a modern state.
Cooperate with TPC
The British-controlled Turkish Petroleum Company has held concessionary rights to the Mosul province since the days of the old Empire and they are a powerful actor in the region, which means we should find arrangements that are beneficial to them and to us as a newly independent state.
Amend the Custom Tariff Law
Establishing tariffs for import and export will allow us to control the influx of goods into the Iraqi economy to protect local producers and to control exports of the most needed locally sourced commodities.
Military Mass Production
As modern army walks on the power of its national industry, it's time to increase our war production to be able to sustain any possible wars.
Lower Mesopotamian Oil Extraction
The British TPC has long known of the existence of major oil fields in the south of Iraq so we should take control of those deposits of black gold immediately.
Law Governing Rights & Duties of Cultivators
Most cultivators lived at terrible extremes of poverty, a veritable 'living pathological specimen' of the land with a very low life expectancy which at the same time causes extremely poor and unstable agricultural production.
Expand the Basra Port Authority
By expanding the Basra Port Authority, is one of the largest employers in the country, we will ensure that our ship production is kept to at least a minimal standard for our navy needs.
Expand the Iraqi State Railways
An improvement to our internal infrastructure will increase the flow of troops and goods throughout the country. An easy way to do that would be to inject the Iraqi State Railways with higher funding.
The Mesopotamian Land Reclamation Project
As part of the programme to sanitise and drain the swamps in which most villagers in the southern part of Iraq live, we can now expand that fertile newly uncovered land to agricultural use.
Nationalise the Oil Sector
It's time to end the foreign concessions the Ottoman Empire agreed with the British-owned Turkish Petroleum Company. Iraqi wealth must belong to Iraq.
The Iraqi National Development Bank
Availability of capital for development is one of the first needs an economy needs to grow and establishing a national institution for this will make sure this capital is correctly allocated.
The Central Directory for Basic Utilities
And, as part of the development programme, we will ensure every Iraqi has access to usable water and sanitisation.
The Agricultural Bank of Iraq
There's an internal market for many essential products that can be obtained by local sourcing in Iraq. For textiles, cigarettes, vegetable oil and other agricultural produce a state-owned bank will be set up to loan needed capital for such endeavours.
The Industrial Bank of Iraq
There's an internal market for many essential products that can be obtained by local sourcing in Iraq. For soap, cement, leather and other industrial products a state-owned bank will be set up to loan needed capital for such endeavours.
Encourage Local Production
To finalise the programme to sanitise the countryside, it's essential that those who live there can make a living out of what they produce locally and to that end we can allocate part of our budget's subsidies.
Expand Farm-to-City Connections
Using part of our preset bank for internal investment a series of rails and roads have to be built between the countryside and the cities to create a logistics network that can support the shipment of agricultural products to cities and tools and other essentials to the farms.
Reorganise the Ottoman Sixth Army
The old Altıncı Ordu battalions, equipment and facilities of the old Empire can be requisitioned and repurposed for service to Iraq.
Re-open the Mosul Military Academy
As part of the local facilities set up for the Altıncı Ordu, a military academy was left behind, which could be easily reused for our own purposes.
Study the Levantine War
This war has been fought with blood and iron, at the cost of many lives and resources. Let's not let these valuable lessons go to waste.
Expand the Iraqi Mechanised Corps
The instruments of modern land warfare, tanks and other mobile and armoured forces, are a first need to prevent unnecessary deaths and create tactical advantages over any enemy.
Refurbish the Baghdad Munition Factory
The abandoned Imperial munition factory at Baghdad only needs a few repairs to be able to work again.
Expand the Military Industrial Complex
With all our capital we'll expand the factories we already have to provide the tools of war for our army.
The Armoured Car Project
Armoured cars are fast and light armoured vehicles that are extremely useful for desert warfare. Involving ourselves in local production of mobile combat vehicles will prove useful soon enough.
The National Board of Supplies
Given the, essentially, non-existence of infrastructure or motorised vehicles for supply of our armed forces a high degree of coordination between the different elements of the supply chain will be necessary to maintain our troops at the front fighting.
Import Military Hardware
The state of our military production industry is not great at the moment, but to make ends meet we can allocate a fairly small amount of capital to equip our armed forces with old equipment to make them useful now.
Found the IQAF
What could prevent our villages, cities and armies from being bombed by the enemy? Well of course, a well equipped air force arm that would challenge them in the skies of Iraq.
Purchase Foreign Aircraft
While we kickstart the native air force industry it would be wise to provide our pilots with a few old planes for training and potential starting missions.
Study Ottoman Air Doctrine
The Ottoman Air Doctrine focuses on destruction of the enemy forces and logistics from above to disrupt formations and supply lines.
Study Communard Air Doctrine
The Communard Air Doctrine focuses on air superiority to prevent the enemy air force to deal damage to key infrastructure and land forces.
The Home of Civilisation
Babylon is our nation's core. The ancient mesopotamian kingdom formed one of the first civilisations of history and it is still the root of our country.
Greater Iraqi Nationalism
The Mesopotamian basin and the Persian Gulf belong to us as they belonged to our Babylonian ancestors, we shall retake control of these lands.
Reclaim the Vilayet of Basra
With Basra in our hands, it's time to deploy our institutions there to exert control over the region.
Reclaim the Emirate of Arabistan
Finally, after the conquest of Arabistan, our eastern flank has been secured and now requires to be stabilised.
Cooperate with the Cairo Pact
The Egyptian led Cairo Pact forms the centrepiece of the modern Arab world, a bastion against the imperialist forces of West and East. Together we fought against the Ottoman Turk and together shall we move forwards!
Iraqi-Egyptian Treaty on Military Cooperation
With significant threats to our North and our East, Iraq will once more serve as the borderlands of an impressive alliance. To achieve this role, it will need to expand its army, develop its arms industry and cooperate closely with its Arab allies.
Encourage Foreign Investment
Attracting investments to make up for our lack of local capital will propel our industry to new heights.
Negotiate with the Reichspakt
To ensure our continued existence we must align ourselves with the Germans...
The Berlin-Baghdad Concession
... which will ensure continued prosperity for our nation.
Invite Foreign Experts
Our allies' expertise in matters of science will prove beneficial in a short time.
Collaborate with [IRQ_Get_Cooperate_with_Turkey_Name]
Aligning ourselves with the old master of this region is the natural choice...
Continue the Tigris & Euphrates Programme
... for it's with them that we planned and developed Iraq.
Iraqi Neutrality
Despite our international relations, the strength of Iraq comes from its independence and self-direction.
The New World Order
It's time to take our place in the world stage. The die is cast and our allies are waiting.
The Bismarck of the Arabs
Cunning diplomacy in all its forms, would they be the subtle word or the sincerity of the firearm, are the unifiers of nations. The Arab world awaits liberation.
Found the League of Arab States
Our brothers across all the Arabia claim for their voices to be heard, their desires for independence and cooperation within the Arab world must be fulfilled.
Found the Economic and Social Council
As part of the programme to help the Arab world rise again, matters of economy are of foremost importance. Cooperation and mutual prosperity are our key tenets.
The Arab Customs Union
Free trade of products between our Arab brethren will ensure our objective of mutual prosperity, but we mustn't forget the usefulness of tariffs.
Found the Joint Defence Council
The core of effective joint army operations lies in a permanent staff to coordinate efforts in deployments and developments.
Integrate Arab Command Structures
But, also, we can go further and organise our armies as a single one.
Found the Parliament for Arab Affairs
And, in the end, common institutions will secure progress and growth for all...
The Council of Transportation
... in the supply and production of goods.
The Council of Justice
... in the application and creation of common laws.
The Council of Social Affairs
... in the solving of our mutual social problems.
Proclaim the Arabian Federation
Because in the end, we're all Arabs, and our struggle is one and the same.
Challenge Egyptian Domination
Egypt was the first Arab state to become free from the Ottoman empire. This has for some reason made them believe they can act as leaders for the Arab world. They are wrong.
Undermine the Syrian State
The Syrian regime has proven to be rather uncooperative with our Pan-Arab project, their lack of faith is rather disturbing.
Threaten the Hejazi State
While the current controllers of the old Holy Sites of Islam can't be said to have a lack of faith, they sure might need some convincing this time.
Destabilise the Persian Gulf
All this fighting must have destroyed the reasoning of the sheikhs of the desert. They'll stand to reason or else.
Challenge Persian Rule
Despite our recent independence from the old Empire, many of our brothers still suffer under the rule of past Empires.
Cooperate with Muscat & Oman
The sultan of Muscat and Oman must surely be interested in our common project.
§MThe National Chief§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have Taha al-Hashimi send troops to deal with the tribal unrest in lower Mesopotamia and have the irregular forces crumble after facing defeat.\n£white_dot Extend an olive branch to al-Gaylani when he breaks with al-Hashimi.\n£white_dot When doing the focus \
Coup in Baghdad
Instigated by a group of Iraqi officers who have been influenced by the messages of Radio Free Palestine, a division of the Iraqi army decided to take the heft in their own hands. Rallying public support against their cause, widely available due to the recent reforms, they have seized control over all military installations in the Iraqi capital and have decreed the independence of the Iraqi state.\n\nThis group of radicals, led by the young charismatic Kamil Shabib, don't enjoy the full support of the Iraqi population as many Sunnis believe he is directly compromising the security of the Iraqi plains and handing control over to the Persian state next-door.
Are we blind?!
Yasin al-Hashimi Takes Control
As the vacuum caused by the absence of Ottoman authority in Iraq takes hold within Baghdad, the former Müsir of the Ottoman-Iraqi army has positioned himself as the National Chief of the haphazardly proclaimed state. Although he hasn't been as brazen to deny any possibility of democracy, the influence of the Parliament in Baghdad is highly questionable. Filled with military top brass and tribal figures, it seems more an oligarchic sham to enrich themselves than a genuine attempt at providing for the people.
May Yasin protect our fragile independence!
al-Hashimi Proclaims the Iraqi Republic
With the tacit support of the Arab governments in Syria and Egypt, the Ottoman veteran and former governor of the Baghdadi vilayet, Yasin al-Hashimi, has declared the independence of a so-called 'Iraqi' state. Composed of the former vilayets of Mosul, Baghdad and Basra, the main intention behind it is to avoid further Persian and Shiite penetration of the Mashriq.\n\nAlthough the young 'republic' barely has an army outside of a few scattered Ottoman remnants, the support of the Arab world for it poses a veritable threat to our interests in the Persian Gulf. Various Shi'ite Arabs in Lower Mesopotamia share our concerns of Sunni domination and have shown themselves to be more amenable to a policy of cooperation. The Muntafiq federation especially has in what may be a very brazen attempt to seize power, sent out feelers to gather Persian support for the declaration of an Iraqi monarchy under their leadership.
Support Ajami al-Sa'adun of the Muntafiq federation
We should not risk ourselves the ire of the Arabs
Tribal Unrest in Lower Mesopotamia
Likely supported by the government in Teheran, various Shi'ite tribal federations have raised their flag in revolt against the questionable dictatorship of Yasin al-Hashimi. As the Iraqi state is predominately Shi'ite, they are demanding at the very least equal representation of both groups and an end to various Sunni programmes set up by the Ottoman Empire. In Baghdad however, word on the street has it that these so-called revolts are a ruse by the Muntafiq federation which has much grander aims than just equality.\n\nThe leader of the revolt and coincidentally also of the Muntafiq federation, Ajami al-Sa'adun, has already sent his demands to the government in Baghdad and wants Hashimi to disband his cabinet within 48 hours or face the consequences. Rallying behind him a substantial force of irregulars, there is very little that our Iraqi national 'army' can do, and it seems very likely that al-Hashimi will concede to their demands.
Taha al-Hashimi sends in the troops
The al-Hashimi cabinet falls
al-Hashimi Flees to Syria
Faced with an insurmountable threat to his rule, Yasin al-Hashimi has handed his resignation to the Baghdadi chamber before embarking on an unmarked plane towards Damascus. Now left without an army and without a president, it seemed the Iraqi republic was doomed to collapse and a possible invasion by either the Egyptian-backed Syrians or forces of the Shah likely.\n\nAjami al-Sa'adun however was quick to respond and has jumped into this vacuum. Gathering support from a variety of tribal leader figures and with the blessing of the Holy Cities, he has declared himself King of Iraq and taken his residence in Baghdad.
Long live Ajami al-Sa'adun!
Tribal Revolt Crushed
Against all odds, the small contingent under the command of Taha al-Hashimi has been able to inflict a serious defeat on the irregular forces of Ajami al-Sa'adun. The catastrophic blow to the morale of the rebels, whose lack of military training and already questionable dedication to their cause was already proving problematic, has led to a chain rout and a variety of Sheikhs pledging their allegiance to the government in Baghdad in an attempt to remain master of the situation.\n\nHero of the Republic and brother of the National Chief, Taha al-Hashimi was celebrated as a saint on the streets of Baghdad and has proven that the Iraqi army will not be so easily sullied with. Others however looked at the carnage inflicted by his troops on the lands of the Muntafiq federation and are fearful that a new tyrannical regime will not hesitate to resort to force if the need arises.
Allah clearly blesses the al-Hashimis!
Defeat for the National Army
Although initially making good progress against the forces of Ajami al-Sa'adun, this would not last and after several painful defeats and the subsequent rapid increase in desertion amongst the National forces of Taha al-Hashimi, victory quickly became impossible. Various members of the inner circle of Yasin al-Hashimi have already embarked on steamers and trains towards Syria whilst in Baghdad, the National Chief himself is trying to prevent an all-out revolt on the streets of his capital.
So falls the Hashimi state...
The New Prime Minister?
The departure of Yasin al-Hashimi from office has drastically shaken up the political cards in the capital as King Ajami I now finds himself in the not very enviable position to restore order to the nation. Multiple cliques currently exist within the nation with the military dominated Arab nationalist group the strongest and the reformist al-Ahali looking to bring radical change to Iraqi society if given the reins.\n\nLacking the strong leadership from al-Hashimi, the militarist clique is currently being led by his close associate Rashid al-Gaylani with a dedicated wing within the Armed Forces under the leadership of Yasin's brother, Taha al-Hashimi. Their vision of Iraq as the Prussia of the Arabs, the necessary force to bring the Arabs together, is not received very well by the Shi'ite majority who have shown more inclination towards Iraqi nationalism but as the army remains almost entirely controlled by Sunni pawns, going against them could prove very dangerous.
Appoint Kamil al-Chadirchi of al-Ahali
Appoint Rashid al-Gaylani of the HIW
The Turkish Issue
Despite nowhere forming a majority, there remains a sizeable population of Turks within our borders who still control significant portions of the economy and are able to exert significant pressure on the political system. Whilst some see these Turks as a potential Fifth Column, this opinion is definitely not shared by all as especially the Sunni minority sees in them a necessary presence to prevent Iraq from becoming a Shi'ite state.
Their assets belong to the Iraqi State!
Cooperation is a necessity!
The Kurdish Minority
Even though the vast majority of Kurds have fallen outside of our realm, there still exists a minority of them around the Turkmen city of Kirkuk in the Northeast of our country. These predominately Sunni Muslims have recently started protesting against the government in Baghdad as they are almost entirely ignored and lack any representation in the Iraqi parliament. As their lands are located around the important oil fields of Kirkuk, the government has in the past favoured the Turkmens of the region who have organised themselves in militia units to achieve total control over the province.\n\nTo ameliorate the issue, the Kurds have now asked the government to also allow them to arm themselves and as such ward of future Turkmen expansion. Furthermore they want guarantees that free, open elections will be held within their territory and that they can represent their interests in the Iraqi parliament.
This seems agreeable
This is not in our interests
Massacre in Makhmur
Tensions between Kurds and Turkmens came to a head in Makhmur earlier this week as a group of Kurdish tribesmen descended on a small Turkmen village and sacked it. Furious at this blatant act of aggression, the leadership of the Turkmen militias retaliated in force and laid waste to multiple Kurdish villages in the province of Makhmur. Slaying at least a hundred villagers and forcing at least a thousand others to flee their homes, the Iraqi army was unable to arrive in time and put an end to the conflict.\n\nThis incapacity of the army to intervene quickly has angered much of its leadership which has put the full blame on the ineffective government in Baghdad which refuses to anger the sizeable minorities upstream. To solve the crisis, they now demand the full authority to break up the militias and drastically increase the size of the army. Whilst this would allow the government to exert its power more effectively in Northern Iraq, many others see in this a power move by the army and a risk to the political security of the Iraqi state.
Break up the militias!
This seems unnecessary
Yasin al-Hashimi Requests Permission to Return
Fleeing the country after the march of King Ajami on the capital, the former Ottoman Müsir has requested permission to return to his homeland. As the head of the powerful military clique, his return is likely to radically shake up Iraqi politics but it may prove to be a necessary evil as the constant failure of the army to effectively act against tribal elements proves that an experienced military leader such as himself could prove essential in the preservation of our shaky state.
Allow him back in
This is not within our interests
Triumph in Turkeli
Acting with an as of before unseen ruthlessness, the Turkmen militias were crushed earlier today after their confrontation with the Iraqi Royal Army. Fighting bravely till the end to preserve their autonomy within the Iraqi kingdom, the young Arab general Kamil Shabib proved his mettle and used scorched earth tactics to force the Turkmen forces to face him on the field. As reports trickle in about the execution of unarmed women and children, various Turkmen leaders being attached to the back of cars and pulled around the city of Kirkuk and other crimes not seen since the Assyrian genocide during the Weltkrieg, Turkmen resistance was completely crushed.\n\nOver in Baghdad however, these reports were received with great enthusiasm as even the progressive al-Ahali cheered on the general for his decisive action. Within the palace walls, some fear however that the general may have been 
Most disturbing...
Coup d'Etat in Baghdad
Bolstered by the popularity of Kamil Shabib and lingering support amongst the military for the exiled Yasin al-Hashimi, troops from the second infantry division stormed the palace earlier today and took control of the state. Citing ineffective rule by the, now deposed, king Ajami, they have abolished the monarchy all together and proclaimed the Iraqi 'Republic' to replace it. Whilst the Iraqi parliament remains open and the military has the full intention to keep the charade of democracy up, to many it is now clear that a military junta is here to stay.\n\nYasin himself could also be seen earlier today returning from his exile and meeting with the first president of the republic and his friend, Rashid al-Gaylani. It remains unclear whether he will demand his position as 'National Chief' back or will remain content with a high position within the al-Gaylani cabinet but his print will definitely be noticeable on the new regime.
We brace ourselves for the future...
Revision of the Armed Forces
Bolstered by Yasin's confidence in the prowess of the former Ottoman Sixth Army, plans for its rapid expansion have been presented to parliament earlier today and unanimously accepted. Despite this overwhelming 'democratic' victory however, there remains substantial opposition to the plan as the main brunt of the foot soldiers this plan requires are to be conscripted from the Shi'ite Arabs who have shown a less than amazing tendency to ignore directives from the capital.\n\nNonetheless the 'National Chief' is confident that he is capable to bring the population in line and has started an initiative to include more Shi'ites in his decision making process. This in turn however has sparked consternation from many of his Sunni associates who are fearing for their own positions in the reshuffled cabinet.
Iraq needs to project power or perish trying!
The Yasin Cabinet
Perhaps surprising friend and foe alike, the new government of the 'National Chief' is one which attempts to mend the great political divides present within our nation. In this he has included a variety of Shi'ite figures and even presented a peace offering to the leader of al-Ahali by offering him the Education ministry, an offer he swiftly accepted.\n\nMany in the opposition have however raised their eyebrows at this bizarre display and are seriously questioning the intention of al-Hashimi. Prominent members of the various minority groups have also protested as the lack of an Assyrian and/or Turkoman representation still greatly weighs on their respective communities.
A glass to the new government!
al-Gaylani Breaks with al-Hashimi
Furious at his exclusion from the cabinet, former partner and Arab nationalist Rashid al-Gaylani has slammed the door on his colleague. As the man still holds substantial leverage amongst the Iraqi officer corps, it is likely that he will likely serve as the figurehead of the most radical pan-Arabists of the nation. Many of these, disgruntled by the focus of al-Hashimi on Iraqi nationalism first and Arab nationalism second and his decision to appoint the social democratic al-Chadirchi as minister of education, harbour sympathies less compatible with the plans of the 'National Chief' and could prove to be a liability in the future.\n\nNonetheless, the situation may still be salvageable if al-Gaylani is granted a position within the government. Pushed on by the al-Muthanna club of Yasin's brother, Taha al-Hashimi, it may be in our interests to remove al-Chadirchi from office and replace him with al-Gaylani.
Extend an olive branch to al-Gaylani
What can that fool even do to harm us
Assassination of Yasin al-Hashimi
Even though the tensions between the Arab nationalist support base of al-Hashimi and the 'National Chief' had been coming to a head for some time now, many were still surprised by the brazen power grab of al-Gaylani. Yasin who had been inspecting the new airbase of the IQAF near Baghdad was shot in plain daylight by a low-rank officer at the facility and died instantaneously.\n\nThe plotters used the confusion immediately after the fact to seize control of various garrisons in and around Baghdad, with Rashid al-Gaylani quick to appoint himself as the new 'National Chief' of the Iraqi Republic.\n\nDespite the speed and ease with which they overthrew the regime, many question whether al-Gaylani will be able to stabilise the state as even within the army there are those that would rather see him go as quickly as he came.
Long live Rashid al-Gaylani!
Taha al-Hashimi Attacks Baghdad
Outraged by the attack on his brother, Taha al-Hashimi has gathered the forces of Mosul and Kirkuk to launch an attack on the capital and depose the regime of al-Gaylani. Supported by a variety of local groups, especially amongst the Shi'ite tribes, he poses a veritable threat to disorganised forces in and around the capital.\n\nNonetheless, Rashid al-Gaylani has prepared as well as he could and has handed over full command to the relatively young general Kamil Shabib whose recent successes against the tribal insurrections have made him an important player within the armed forces and a rallying point for the wavering troops.
The forces of al-Hashimi are defeated
Taha al-Hashimi defeats Kamil Shabib
al-Gaylani Consolidates His Position
After the heroic victory over the al-Hashimi loyalists, all significant military opposition to the new regime seems quelled. The new 'National Chief' who used to be a partner of the late Yasin al-Hashimi, follows closely the rhetoric of the al-Muthanna club who preach for the unification of Arabia with Iraq acting as the equivalent of Prussia during the 19th century.\n\nTheir harsh critique of the Turkoman and Assyrian minorities however show that their idea of an Arab state is one solely targeted at ethnic Arabs and that there is no place in there for the 'distractions' posed by these groups. Another clear target of the new regime is the substantial Jewish population of Baghdad who they see as nothing but a fifth column out to destroy the Arab soul and vultures praying on the livelihoods of honest Muslims.
Dark times are ahead of us...
al-Hashimi Stands Victorious
With a clear victory over the shaky forces of al-Gaylani, the brother of the late Yasin al-Hashimi has taken vengeance for the assassination of the former earlier this year. Despite proving his mettle on the field of battle however, his position remains far from secure as the power of the Sunni Arab elite has been greatly broken and he now has to rely on a shaky coalition of Shi'ites, minority politicians and the support of al-Ahali.\n\nA second option however also presents itself and seems more likely for the newly appointed 'National Chief'. By cooperating with the various tribal chieftains, he may still be able to create a workable government and prevent al-Ahali from undoing the work of his brother.
Work with al-Ahali
Take a decisive anti-socialist stance
The al-Ahali Cabinet
Led by their leader Kamil al-Chadirchi, the fairly young political organisation of Jamaat al-Ahali has been given the reins to execute their designs on the nation. Unlike many other 'parties' (read: cliques), they seem to show a genuine interest in free democracy and gradual social reforms to aid the colossal caste of toilers and farmers who have under the Ottoman regime ultimately been unable to enjoy much of the recent reforms.\n\nThe party calls itself inspired by the Fabian ideology originating in the former British Empire but has brought clear Iraqi tones to the ideas. The party furthermore steps away from the pan-Arab rhetoric employed by the al-Hashimis and the al-Muthanna club in favour of an inclusive Iraqi nationalism, inspired by its Mesopotamian heritage.
We will watch them with great interest
Creation of the 'Nadi Baghdad'
As the programme of al-Ahali calls for great social reform without revolution, the party has encountered great issues when convincing the common folk of Iraq of their necessity. Even larger an issue, many of the 'nouveau riche' in the capital seem more interested in the calls of al-Muthanna than those of its opposition.\n\nTo remedy this 'intellectual deficit', 'Abd al-Fattah Ibrahim has founded the Nadi Baghdad (Baghdad Club) as a circle for young Iraqis to educate themselves and convince them of the need for reform. As overt political propaganda is likely to only deter support from the public, the club features mainly as a cultural centre for meetings and debates.
We wish them luck with their endeavours
Publication of Kifah al-Sha'b
To strengthen their hold on Iraqi politics, the socialist party of Iraq under its leader Yusuf Salman Yusuf has launched a new paper for the masses. Calling it 'the mouthpiece of the workers and the peasants', this newspaper comes straight from the Central Committee and should as such be kept under close scrutiny for it may start to become a thorn in the side of our already shaky government.\n\nNonetheless Yusuf, or commonly referred to as Comrade Fahd has guaranteed al-Chadirchi that he will maintain his support for the al-Ahali government so long as they continue to strive for the common goal of social reform.
We'll keep him to that...
The Emancipation Programme
As the party believes that the formation of a modern state is impossible without the emancipation of its women, parliament has expanded its education policies to ensure better availability to both man and woman. To show their intentions, the party has also announced a test project in a variety of districts wherein women will be able to vote in their local elections. The idea to immediately decree nationwide, universal elections was refused in parliament by the conservative representatives but is surely to be proposed again in the near future.
A bold move
Friction within the Iraqi parliament
Now that the full scope of al-Ahali's economic reforms has become apparent, many Baghdadi elites and tribal leaders are starting to push back more strongly against their desires to implement a progressive tax system and most explicitly the desire to redistribute Miri land. This land, which used to be owned directly by the Ottoman state, has after its collapse been overtaken by local chiefs and landholders who whilst not having a fully legal claim to the land are unlikely to return it to the state unless forced by military force.\n\nDespite all the best endeavours by al-Chadirchi and his supporters, these still hold significant power within all layers of Iraqi society and are now pressuring the man to resign and hold new elections. Their words are backed up by an increase in tribal unrest in Southern Iraq where various groups have in an attempt to protect their monopoly on power have taken up arms against the government.
al-Chadirchi resigns
The ideals of al-Sha'biya (popularism) can't die!
Tribal Insurrection Crushed
Even though the tribes were able to muster a sizeable force to defend their ideals, these proved no match for the heavy weaponry of the Iraqi army whose use of tanks, planes and machine guns was able to stop the insurgents dead in their tracks. Despite the overwhelming success however, this event is sure to go into the history books as a black spot on the prestige of al-Ahali whose dreams of peaceful social transformation have now inevitably caused its first deaths.\n\nFor better or worse, the Socialist Party has praised the actions of the Army and has decreed them the vanguard of the nearing red tide. Despite attempts by al-Chadirchi to try and smother their words, this is likely going to have a detrimental impact on our allies in the South.
We had no choice...
Arshad al-Umari Forms His Cabinet
A well known figure in Iraqi politics during Ottoman times and often regarded as the voice of reason, al-Chadirchis government has been forced to make way for the al-Umari cabinet. With promises to al-Ahali that he will preserve freedom of speech and not tear down their reforms, he is likely to just maintain the new status-quo and focus on the economic sector. Despite being liberal minded as opposed to the more socialist al-Ahali, he still promises extensive public works projects and a general expansion of the Iraqi infrastructure.
Good luck with that
Army Clashes with Rebel Forces
The rebel irregulars of Ajami al-Sa'adun, pose a considerable challenge to the army force, led by Taha al-Hashimi, sent to crush them, As despite their weak cohesion and lack of formal military training, they have superior numbers, and at the moment, support. It is yet to be seen which side's weakness will spell the end for them.
The Irregular forces of the rebels crumble away after facing defeat.
The national army fails to stop the rebels.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Wants to Join Our Faction
Tucked away between the Arab powers of Egypt and Syria on the one hand and the Persians on the other, the nation of Iraq holds enormous geopolitical importance in its area furthermore strengthened by the discovery of seemingly endless petroleum reservoirs underneath its barren soil.\n\nComing to us now with a proposal to join forces and rid the world of our common enemies, this seems like a golden opportunity to expand our influence eastwards.
Welcome to the club!
We have no use of their nation
Offer Accepted
The gracious government of [FROM.GetNameDef] has accepted our offer, giving us a seat at the table and promising to assist us in times of both war and peace
Great!
Offer Refused
The despicable government of [FROM.GetNameDef] has refused our offer, stating that we are but a useless medieval 'state' in the desert with disillusions of grandeur
Most unfortunate.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Invites us to Participate in the League of Arab States
Founded as a counter to ever increasing influence of Egypt over the Arab world, the Iraqi government has invited us today to join their coalition and officiate our entrance to the League through a joint treaty of Eternal Friendship.
We will support their endeavours
Who do they think they are?
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Joins the League
Fantastic news in Baghdad today as representatives from [FROM.GetName] put their signature under the Friendship Treaty, ratifying their entry to the League and promising a fruitful relation between our two states
Welcome!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Rebukes Our Offer
Unwilling to get involved with any partnerships concerning the state of Iraq, the government of [FROM.GetName] has refused our offer to join the League and has stated it will continue its course on their own.
Most regrettable.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Challenges Egyptian Dominance
The relationship between [FROM.GetNameDef] and Egypt has been turning sour for some time. While Egypt has used its leading role against the Ottomans to style itself as the first among the Arab nations, [FROM.GetNameDef] has been increasingly vocal about what they see as a subjugation of their interests and others' to those of Egypt. The disputes between the two started as simple diplomatic rows and rhetorical barbs, before escalating to institutional friction - first as a breakdown in coordination in joint Cairo Pact affairs; then as the [FROM.GetAdjective] establishment of the League of Arab States, something interpreted by all as an attempt by [FROM.GetNameDef] to escape from Cairo's influence.\n\nThey have now made their final move. A few hours ago, [FROM.GetNameDef] has notified the Cairo Pact of their unilateral withdrawal from the organisation, effective immediately - citing what they describe as “the inviolable and unacceptable Egyptian bias rooted in its very core”. Immediately afterwards, the [FROM.GetAdjective] government extended an offer to us and other Cairo Pact signatories, calling on us to join their struggle against Egyptian hegemony and found a new alliance with them. Said alliance, they claim, would fill the previous functions of the Cairo Pact in what [FROM.GetNameDef] alleges would be a more equitable structure.\n\nOpinions in our government are decidedly mixed. Voices for and against the [FROM.GetAdjective] scheme have argued for the respective necessity and folly of the project, arguing either that Egypt has been overbearing in our relationship with them, or that the [FROM.GetAdjective] allegations are obvious nonsense designed to legitimise a power play. It's hard to deny that this manoeuvre risks damaging Arab unity at a critical point in the world situation, but the decision will likely come down to whose side we would rather be on in a likely confrontation.
They have the right idea!
They have gone insane!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Sides With Us
Excellent news has come in from [FROM.GetNameDef] - they have decided to join us in our stand against Egyptian imperialism, and have declared their support for our cause. Together, we will take the Arabs into a new age!
Excellent
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Sides With [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef]
Shocking news from [FROM.GetNameDef] - they seem to have bought into [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef]'s slanderous accusations, joining them in their withdrawal from our alliance. Clearly, [FROM.GetAdjective] leadership lacks both foresight and basic logical thinking.
Regrettable
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Sides With Egypt
Unfortunate news from [FROM.GetNameDef] - our offer of solidarity with them has gone unanswered, with sources indicating that they are planning no moves to break away from the Egyptian sphere. [FROM.GetAdjective] leadership seems content to live as subordinates to Cairo.
Regrettable
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Sides With Us
Good news from [FROM.GetNameDef] - while [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef] has made overtures to their government, they have privately reassured us that they do not share the [FROM.FROM.GetAdjective] view of events, and intend to remain within the Cairo Pact. We applaud them for seeing through [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef]'s bluster.
Excellent.
Yasin al-Hashimi
§YBorn:§! §L1884, in Baghdad, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
Taha al-Hashimi
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in Baghdad, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
Rashid 'Ali al-Gaylani
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in Baghdad, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
Arshad al-Umari
§YBorn:§! §LApril 8th, 1888, in Mosul, Vilayet of Mosul, Ottoman Empire§!
Kamil al-Chadirchi
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Baghdad, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
Yusuf Salman Yusuf
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1901, in Baghdad, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
Ajami al-Sa'adun
Ajami I
§YBorn:§! §L1881, in Nasiriyah, Vilayet of Basra, Ottoman Empire§!
Kamil Shabib
§YBorn:§! §L1895, in Baghdad, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
Salah al-Din al-Sabbagh
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Mosul, Vilayet of Mosul, Ottoman Empire§!
'Abd al Latif Nuri
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in Baghdad, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
Hikmat Sulayman
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Baghdad, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
Naji Shawkat
§YBorn:§! §L1891, in Kut, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
Sami Shawkat
§YBorn:§! §L1893, in Baghdad, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
Muhammad Fadhil al-Jamali
§YBorn:§! §L1903, in Baghdad, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
Sadiq al-Bassam
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Baghdad, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
Muhammed Salim al-Radhi
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Ottoman Empire§!
Yousef Ghanima
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 9th, 1885, in Baghdad, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
Hanna Khayyat
§YBorn:§! §L1884, in Mosul, Vilayet of Mosul, Ottoman Empire§!
Hashim al-Alawi
§YBorn:§! §L1887, in the Ottoman Empire§!
Rauf al-Bahrani
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Baghdad, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
‘Abd al-Mahdi
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Abu Hawan, Al-Muntafiq Confederation§!
Ja'far Abu al-Timman
§YBorn:§! §L1881, in Baghdad, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
Muhammad Hadid
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1907, in Mosul, Vilayet of Mosul, Ottoman Empire§!
Ibrahim al-Rawi
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Ottoman Empire§!
Fahmi Said
§YBorn:§! §L1898, in Sulaymaniyah, Vilayet of Mosul, Ottoman Empire§!
Hussain Fawzi Hassan
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Baghdad, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
Muhammad Ali Jawad
§YBorn:§! §L1902, in the Ottoman Empire§!
Hefzy Aziz
§YBorn:§! §L1906, in Mahmoudiya, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
Sami Fattah
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Ottoman Empire§!
Coastal Defence Force
§YFounded:§! §Lin Baghdad, Republic of Iraq§!
