Azerbaijan
Azerbaijani
Azerbaijan
Socialist Republic of Azerbaijan
the Socialist Republic of Azerbaijan
Socialist Republic of Azerbaijan
the Socialist Republic of Azerbaijan
Socialist Republic of Azerbaijan
the Socialist Republic of Azerbaijan
Bolşevik
Bolşevik Partiyası
Sindikalist
Sindikalist Partiyası
MSB
Müsälman Sosialist Bloku
Hümmät
Hümmät Partiyası
Ahrar
Ahrar Partiyası
Käsbkarlıq
Käsbkarlıq Partiyası
Müsavat
Müsavat Partiyası
İttihad
İttihad Partiyası
Silahlı Qüvvälär
Azärbaycan Silahlı Qüvväläri
Türkçülük
Türkçülük Partiyası
Mir Jafar Baghirov
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 17th, 1896, in Quba, Baku Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Aliheydar Garayev
§YBorn:§! §LJune 20th, 1896, in Shamakhi, Baku Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Aslan bey Sefikurdski
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 30th, 1881, in Safikyurd, Elizavetpol Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Javad bey Malikyaganov
§YBorn:§! §L1878, in Tugh, Elizavetpol Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Yevsey Gindes
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 17th, 1872, in Kiev, Kiev Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Behbud Khan Javanshir
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 25th, 1877, in Azad Qaraqoyunlu, Elizavetpol Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Mahammad Amin Rasulzade
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1884, in Novkhany, Baku Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Ali-Agha Shikhlinski
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 15th, 1863, in Ashaghy Salahly, Elizavetpol Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Qara Qarabeyov
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 14th, 1874, in Shishtepe, Elizavetpol Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Habib Bey Salimov
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 8th, 1881, in Erivan, Erivan Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Jamshid Nakhchivanski
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 23rd, 1895, in Nakhchivan, Erivan Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Eldar Salmanov
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Russian Empire§!
Hamid bey Shahtakhtinski
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 12th, 1880, in Shakhtakhty, Erivan Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Mammad Hasan Hajinski
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 15th, 1875, in Baku, Baku Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Ali-Agha Hasanov
§YBorn:§! §L1871, in Baku, Baku Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Mirza Asadullayev
§YBorn:§! §L1875, in Baku, Baku Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Hamid Arasly
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 23rd, 1909, in Ganja, Elizavetpol Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Mammad Yusif Jafarov
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1885, in Baku, Baku Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Naghi Sheykhzamanli
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in Ganja, Elizavetpol Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Farrukh Gayibov
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 2nd, 1891, in Ashaghy Salahly, Elizavetpol Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Khosrov bey Sultanov
§YBorn:§! §LMay 10th, 1879, in Kurdhajy, Elizavetpol Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Abdulhamid bey Gaytabashi
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 10th, 1884, in Tbilisi, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Feyzullah Mirza Qajar
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1872, in Shusha, Elizavetpol Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Nuri Killigil
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Kostantiniye, Vilayet of Kostantiniye, Ottoman Empire§!
Armed Forces Council
§YFounded:§! §LJune 26th, 1918, in Baku, Baku Governorate, Azerbaijan Democratic Republic§!
Bahia Focus Tree
Bahia
Bahian
Bahia
PSD
Partido Social Democrata
PRB
Partido Republicano Baiano
PP
Partido Parlamentarista
PC
Partido Centralista
PS
Partido Sabino
PDB
Partido Democrata Baiano
PLDB
Patido Liberal Democrata Baiano
FAB
Federação Anarquista Baiana
PSB
Partido Socialista Baiano
PMB
Partido Maximalista Baiano
Carlos Marighella
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 5th, 1911, in Salvador, Bahia, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCarlos Marighella hails from a poor family of Italian father and Hausa mother, and since his early years he was a talented student, notorious in his school for his skills with verse and prose alike, but he soon turned into politics, becoming involved in the constant confrontations that occurred between syndicalists and integralists in downtown Salvador. While he was arrested a few times, he did manage to be elected a representative in 1936, albeit that was a relatively short lived state of affairs, as he grew frustrated with his inability to actually make a difference in the station. This certainly is not the case as head of state in Bahia, where he has received support from many of his former Brazilian comrades to step up and lead the newly established commune to prosperity and socialism. However, his already old enemies in the oligarchic families of the state must be dealt with before any of these dreams can be realised.§!
Aliomar Baleeiro
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1905, in Salvador, Bahia, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAliomar de Andrade Baleeiro graduated from university in 1921 with a degree in law, as is all too common in Bahian politics. Having worked on several different newspapers before starting his political career, he acted as both a state and federal representative in the old political order, never having reached the heights he seeked. Now, with the status quo completely destroyed by the conflict that ended Brazil, Aliomar has positioned himself not only to be the first president of an independent and free Bahia, but also to curtail the clout of many of his long standing political opponents while increasing his own. Many believe that this is but the first step towards the beginning of a brand new political dynasty in Bahia.§!
Luís Viana Filho
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 28th, 1908, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHaving, like most politicians in his state, graduated in law school, he shifted his career towards journalism, working for multiple important newspapers in the area. Elected a representative in the 1930s, his career has steadily increased his clout, and he managed to place himself in a position to present himself as the leader of a stable, independent Bahia to the occupiers who then held Salvador. A man believing in aggressive and decisive action in politics, Luis plans to push an intense industrialisation programme in the newly independent republic.§!
Jurandyr Bizarria Mamede
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1906, in Salvador, Bahia, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrom an early age prepared for a military career, gaining minor positions in the local infantry regiment by 1927; and such, he is a veteran officer of the interstate war. He then was transferred to several garrison and military police commands, always serving with distinction and climbing the ranks of the military by his own merits. While many defeated officers have chosen to shy away from public duty after the devastating that so recently ended, Jurandi has chosen to embark into the political arena, as he sees himself in the best position to re-establish the rule of law and order to the newly established Republic of Bahia. He takes a particular dislike of syndicalists, and this distance is by no means secret and quite a few of these politicians have pre-emptively left Bahia before he can decisively move against these traitors.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1906, in Salvador, Bahia, United States of Brazil§!
Artur Neiva
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 22nd, 1880, in Salvador, Bahia, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LArtur Neiva is an extremely renowned and respected scientist, whose forays into politics are fairly recent, being appointed to administrative positions in the Bahian government of the early 1930s in the wake of the interstate war. While his experience in political matters is mostly practical in terms of bureaucracy, he is known worldwide for his studies and scientific expeditions in the US, Argentina and the hinterlands of Bahia and other Brazilian states, which helps with the international standing of the newly founded republic, seeking to improve its situation through proven science rather than poorly planned idealism. He shares many political beliefs with Monteiro Lobato, and while some call out the eagerness of the pair to work with foreign powers, they believe they do what must be done for the advancement and development of their new nations.§!
Nation Building
We will spare no effort in rebuilding Bahia to the nation it deserves to be, Free and Proud!
Expel Southron Farmers
Brazilian landsharks devoured our farmers, and we must work recover the economy from such a blow
Infrastructure Renewal
War has torn our lands, and railroads everywhere are death-traps, sabotaged and ill taken care of. We must change that
Naval Construction Effort
If we are to establish a fleet, we will need better facilities than those we currently have in Montevideo
Rearmament Focus
We will use new factories to help our rising military equip itself
Confiscate Brazilian Factories
Brazilian individuals and companies still own sensitive assets, we will change that to ensure our sovereignty
Defensive Projects
Special laws to incentivise strategic industries will be put in place to safeguard our self determination
Renew the Constitution
We will renew the Old Constitution, reaffirming our commitment to our sovereignty while reminding our citizens that Brazilian government was nothing but a military occupation
New Rights and Responsibilities
Freedom isn't Free; Every man must be ready to do his part to safeguard our nation
Heavy Industry Investment
We will need much more incentives if our industry is to truly thrive
Fundo De Defensa da Patria
A clever scheme to establish a separate sovereign wealth fund for the armed forces has come before our President's desk. By separating military expenditure from the civilian government, research into armaments, where we are sadly lacking, can be increased without much additional expenditure.
Enact Land Reform
We have a golden opportunity now to do a sweeping land reform, preparing our many virgin lands for exploitation.
Pecuniary Incentives
Our cattle industry is on the verge of an unprecedented boom. All it needs is a small push
Economic Progress
Our excellent economic situation can still improve with some effort
Bahian Armed Forces
Our armed forces must be rebuilt if we are not to be conquered again.
Infantry Equipment Effort
More up do date military equipment will be needed to arm our men than the Brazilian scraps we currently own
Mobility Doctrines
In the plains of Bahia, it doesn't take an officer to realise how moving in a fast and efficient manner is the way forward to defend and attack
Mechanised Warfare
Our armed forces will need armoured spearheads to properly wage war, and the tanks do those as well!
Military Science Developments
We will ensure our army is not left behind in the race of military technology sweeping the globe as we speak
Expanded Airbases
Our airfields will be expanded, to allow us and our allies to use them at the same time
Defend the Skies
We must fend off any foreign attempts to attain air superiority over Bahia!
Close Air Support Effort
We will ensure our air force has close air support bomber craft at is disposal, and qualified pilots as well
Bahian Navy
Rebuilding a navy from scratch is not easy feat, but we will tackle the challenge!
Coastal Defences
We will ensure Bahia is safe from any naval incursions, with the building of coastal defences.
Special Forces
Special units will be trained to tackle difficult or hazardous terrain
Barata Legion
The elite of the Elite, the Barata Legion will be the ultimate fighting force in South America. Or so the recruitment fliers say!
New Industries
With the influence of external economic actors curtailed, we can now look to the future. Our government should incentivise the development of new specialised industrial parks to rival those of Europe.
Enlist Rancher Aid
The ranchers know the land better than anyone. We should work with our nation's top ranchers to organise mobile militias to augment our regular armed forces.
Mastery of the Sertão
The arid Sertão could be vital in planning for our nation's defence if only our men could be trained to fight in such terrain.
Heavy Weapons Production
Wars are increasingly fought not by men, but by great weapons of war. We must direct our heavy industry to focus on the production of such items.
Trained General Staff
The great powers of the world dominate because of the superior organisation and training of their officer corps. We must invest in adapting their model for our own purposes.
Combat Famine
With a concentrated effort, we can assure that rural villages receive sufficient support during times of scarcity brought on by our often volatile climate.
Affirmed Constitution
The Bahian constitution has been reinforced to address the growing nation's new concerns and its contents affirmed.
Land Reform
Land reform has better organised the vast tracts of exploitable grassland in rural Bahia.
Army Of Ranchers
Bahia has enlisted the best of the nation's ranchers to head regional paramilitary organisations in close coordination with the nation's armed forces.
Subsidised Ranching
The Bahian ranching industry is resurgent with the support of the state.
Ranching Boom
Ranching is one of the largest industries in Bahia. The nations herds of cattle are among the largest in the world.
Terrain Mastery
The Bahian military trains across the nation's many regions, acquiring proficiency in fighting in a variety of terrain types.
Heavy Production
Bahian state industries have been encouraged to focus on heavy armaments and vehicles. This knowledge has driven a boom in industrial productivity in general.
Trained General Staff
Bahia has established a disciplined and well-organised military general staff following a series of effective military reforms.
An End To Famine
Famine in rural Bahia is no longer a fact of life. Births in these regions have swelled and mortality rates have greatly decreased.
Basque Country
Basque
the Basque Country
EPK
Euskadiko Partidu Komunista
ELAS
Euskal Langile Alderdi Sozialista
LKN
Lanaren Konfederazio Nazionala
EAE
Eusko Abertzale Ekintza
EBE-D
Euskal Batasun Errepublikanoa - Demokratak
EBE-L
Euskal Batasun Errepublikanoa - Liberalak
EAJ-M
Euzko Alderdi Jeltzalea - Moderatauk
EAJ-E
Euzko Alderdi Jeltzalea - Erradikalak
Basque Army
Euzko Gudarostea
ET
Elkarte Tradizionalista
Leandro Carro Hernáez
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 27th, 1890, in Zarratón, Province of La Rioja, Kingdom of Spain§!
Manuel Robles Aranguiz
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 26th, 1884, in Begoña, Province of Bizkaia, Kingdom of Spain§!
Santiago Aznar Saratxaga
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 9th, 1903, in Bilbo, Province of Bizkaia, Kingdom of Spain§!
Tomás Bilbao Hospitalet
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 18th, 1890, in Bilbo, Province of Bizkaia, Kingdom of Spain§!
Alfredo Espinosa Orive
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1903, in Bilbo, Province of Bizkaia, Kingdom of Spain§!
Manuel de Irujo Ollo
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1891, in Lizarra, Province of Nafarroa, Kingdom of Spain§!
Jose Antonio Aguirre Lekube
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 6th, 1904, in Bilbo, Province of Bizkaia, Kingdom of Spain§!
Cándido María Saseta Echebarria
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1904, in Hondarribia, Province of Gipuzkoa, Kingdom of Spain§!
Marcelino Oreja Elósegui
§YBorn:§! §LApril 6th, 1894, in Ibarrangelu, Province of Gipuzkoa, Kingdom of Spain§!
Luis Arana Goiri
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 25th, 1862, in Bilbo, Province of Bizkaia, Kingdom of Spain§!
