Fu Sinian
Zhang Shulin
Ma Shiwei
Qu Yingguang
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 14th, 1883, in Linhai, Zhejiang Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LQu Yingguang was inspired by Qiu Jin to become a revolutionary, but later aligned himself with the cliques of the Beiyang Army. In 1919 Qu was appointed Governor of Shandong, which became an adoptive home province for him. He distinguished himself as a good leader, improving management of the Yellow River and making efforts to protect the province's religious and cultural legacy, in part by fostering ties with the Duke Yansheng. Years later, he joined the Beiyang Government and grew close to Duan Qirui. Both men were followers of Buddhism, a belief Qu learned from the maternal side of his family. He spent time working with religious societies and charitable organisations, earning the Buddhist name “Faxian” and the nickname of “Qu Bodhisattva”. He then moved to Shanghai shortly before Duan's overthrow in 1926, dissatisfied with authoritarianism and corruption in Beijing.\n\nThe Shanghai Uprising of 1932 devastated his charity, the “Benevolence Alliance”, as it was feared to be infiltrated by Syndicalist agents. He fled the city like many of his peers, choosing to return to Shandong, but there witnessed the horror that China's “Basest Warlord”, Zhang Zongchang, had wreaked upon it with opium and debauchery. Through ties to members of the Anti-Drug Association in Shandong, as well as friends like the Duke Yansheng and allies in Beijing, his Benevolence Alliance was reformed in Qufu as the “Society for Restoring Benevolence”. Though rarely publicly opposing Governor Zhang, Qu opened secret talks with the Zhili and the Imperial Court, working to find a way to pull the corruption in Shandong up by the root. Qu believes China must defeat corruption and sin, which a religious-political order upheld by an Emperor can best achieve. He's cautious of the Manchu princes but supports Emperor Puyi, with whom he was granted an audience once. He is greatly interested in Puyi's Buddhist sympathies, having come to believe that the Emperor is the best candidate to impose a harmonious, dharmic political order in China.§!
Zhang Zongchang
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 13th, 1881, in Yixian, Shandong Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LZhang Zongchang himself felt no great national pride for Qingdao when it was lost in 1897 to Germany, but the 1911 revolution did bring him to action. Arriving in Shanghai to pledge allegiance to the Republic, he fell in with Feng Guozhang and joined the Zhili Clique when they emerged in 1917. But when Feng died in 1919, Zhang returned to Manchuria and joined the Fengtian Clique just in time to participate in the First Zhili-Fengtian War in 1922. Fengtian's defeat in that war didn't dissuade him, and he went on to play a prominent role in the second war in 1924, capturing the crucial Lengkouguan Pass. With the near-total collapse of the Northern Zhili Clique following the Beijing Coup, Zhang went on to conquer Shandong, and pushed as far south as Nanjing and Shanghai. An ability to utilise railroads effectively as well as the unusual charisma of a man referred to as \
Zhang Tianran
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 15th, 1889, in Jining, Shandong Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LZhang Tianran aspired to nothing in his life until he was introduced into the cult of Lu Zhongyi. Lu Zhongyi was the leader of a small group of religious syncretists called the Yiguandao in 1918. Lu Zhongyi had always planned for his sister Lu Zhongjie to succeed him to lead the Yiguandao, and had even recognised her supposed divinity as the reincarnation of the Buddhist God Guan Yin. A theological schism occurred after the passing of Lu Zhongyi in 1930, wherein Lu Zhongjie took followers loyal to her out of the Yiguandao and relocated to Henan, where they remain to this day. Zhang Tianran, having the full trust of his members as well as a newly divined wife Sun Suzhen, began to tell startling revelations. In 1922, Zhang Tianran had built a shrine on Mount Tai, which grew until it encompassed the other monasteries on the mountain. By 1924 Mount Tai had become the year-round home for The Honoured Teacher and his inner circle. A spirit writing session that same year foretold Emperor Puyi was in danger of being poisoned, and a trip to Beijing was planned. Zhang Tianran amused and flattered Emperor Puyi with promises that the Yiguandao would reinforce loyalty to the Qing through charity and warfare if need be. The first Red Spears and Big Swords arrived to Mount Tai in 1925. The greatest catch was Zhang Tianran's supposed conversion of Zhang Zongchang in 1935.§!
Li Zaolin
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in Beijing, Zhili Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into a peasantry and lost his father as a child, Li Zaolin had to seek refuge from his uncle and poverty hindered his education. His military career began in 1909 when he entered the Baoding Military Academy at the age of 17 with the referral of a friend. After studying infantry for three tough years, he joined the 3rd Division as a junior officer under Cao Kun and Wu Peifu.\n\nFollowing the formation of an air force by Yuan Shikai in 1913, Li studied at the Nanyuan Aviation School and became one of the first batch of Chinese pilots in 1915. As a flying squad commander, when the National Protection War broke out, Li was sent by Yuan to showcase military prestige with his flying skills under Feng Yuxiang. Li returned to Beijing and enrolled in the 5th class of the Staff College in 1916, but he spontaneously joined Zhang Zongchang's force in Hunan as a staff in 1917 against the Constitutional Protection Army to earn field experience. As this was not officially authorised, he was declared missing at one point. After graduating in 1919, this outstanding officer became a tutor at Baoding.\n\nIn the First Zhili-Fengtian War in 1922, Li served as the chief of staff of Peng Shouxin in the Zhili army (with official recognition this time). In the Second Zhili-Fengtian War, as the chief of staff of the 1st Zhili Corps under Peng, Li was captured and recruited by the Fengtian Clique after repelling multiple Fengtian offensives in Shanhaiguan before being encircled (It is said that Zhang Xueliang met him in person following his capture). Daunted by his defeat, Li tried returning to Beijing secretly, but Zhang Zongchang's men intercepted him at the train station and persuaded him to work with the Dogmeat General again. Since then, Li has been serving as Zhang's chief of staff, assisting him in overseeing military affairs, especially after he took charge of Shandong.§!\n\n§YNotes: Although Li worked with several prominent figures, his loyalty is unquestioned, as he strongly disapproves of actions that go against superiors.§!
Zhu Qinglan
§YBorn:§! §L1874, in Licheng County, Shandong Province, Great Qing§!
Sun Suzhen
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 16th, 1895, in Shan County, Shandong Province, Great Qing§!
Zhang Fuyun
§YBorn:§! §L1898, in Fushan, Shandong Province, Great Qing§!
Lu Dezhen
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Great Qing§!
Wang Zonglu
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Great Qing§!
Han Enrong
§YBorn:§! §LMay 10th, 1901, in Ninghe County, Zhili Province, Great Qing§!
Lu Zhongjie
§YBorn:§! §Lin Jining, Shandong Province, Great Qing§!
Kong Dechong
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 23rd, 1920, in Qufu, Shandong Province, Great Qing§!
Ma Liang
§YBorn:§! §L1878, in Qingyuan County, Zhili Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOriginally a Hui from Hebei, Ma Liang is a particularly well travelled and weathered individual. Graduating from Beiyang Military Academy, Liang would serve as the commander of a battalion of the Beiyang New Army, later becoming commander of the Fifth Regiment of the Beiyang Army in 1911. Curiously, he studied wrestling under the famous wrestler Ping Jingyi, and would in-turn ensure that most of his subordinates under his command also participate in the sport.\n\nIn 1912, he would be employed in the service of Jin Yunpeng, wherein he was later transferred to the commander of the 47th Mixed Brigade in Shandong. In 1916, he was promoted to Garrison Commander of Jinan, and would become commander of the 2nd Division of China's Weltkrieg participation army, with the division eventually being reorganised into the Northwest Frontier Defence Army, albeit still stationed in Shandong.\n\nMobilised to fight in the Zhili-Anhui war, Ma Liang would be dismissed from his post following Anhui defeat. Following his soft retirement, Ma would settle down in Jinan, and write \
Li Jinglin
§YBorn:§! §L1885, in Zaoqiang, Zhili Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFirst appearing onto the public scene as a graduate of Baoding Beiyang Army School in 1907, Li Jinglin was one of hundreds of young officers caught up in the swell of partisan military activity. Li's first major decoration was in fighting the Wuchang Uprising of 1911. An association with Anhui general Qu Tongfeng guided Li towards clique politics during the republican years. Like Qu Tongfeng, who was cast out of the Anhui Clique for corruption, Li was set adrift and found his way into the Fengtian clique in 1924. Grand Marshal Zhang Zuolin reassigned Li that year to Zhang Zongchang, who was fighting in Zhili. Li was initially impressed with Zhang Zongchang's ability in spite of his lack of manners, but this appraisal turned sour by 1928, when The Dogmeat General became entrenched in Shandong. Li, despite his history of corruption, could not properly pay his division on taxes collected honestly in Shandong. Li, having taken inspiration from the declaration of Xue Dian as the Yiguandao's minor Emperor in Shandong, decided to present himself as spiritually enlightened. Li publicly began training in Wudang swordsmanship, and named himself 'the Magic Sword' to provide an air of mystery. This ultimately caught the attention of Zhang Tianran who has given Li several offers to train with Big Sword militias at Taishan.§!
Zhang Huaizhi
§YBorn:§! §L1862, in Dong'e, Shandong Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into poverty in the era of humiliation, Zhang Huaizhi began life as a farmer in between bouts of poverty. The Zhang family, seeing the future in western businesses up north, moved Huaizhi to Tianjin at a young age. As a student at the Tianjin military equipment school, Zhang Huaizhi join in the Boxer rebellion with his regiment, and was commended for bombarding the Legation quarter. The guilt of losing to the westerners drove the disgraced Zhang into the army of Yuan Shikai, whose ambitious goal of becoming an Emperor felt like more of a natural evolution for Zhang than republicanism. After Yuan died, Zhang fell in with the Anhui clique, and briefly served under Zhang Shuyuan as an administrator in Shandong in 1918. Zhang eventually failed his leader again after his regiment fell fighting in Hunan. This left Zhang Huaizhi destitute again, and the only people who would take him was the Yiguandao. Citing his age, experience, and service against western imperialism, Zhang Tianran appointed Zhang Huaizhi a commander of the Red Spears of Shandong.§!
Xu Yuanquan
§YBorn:§! §L1886, in Huangzhou, Hubei Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LXu began his military career in the Hubei Military Equipment Academy, excelling in his studies. By the 1910s he had graduated to the Nanjing IVth Army School, where he became politically active. In 1912, Xu cooperated with the Nanjing Interim Government, rallying students in favour of revolution against the Qing. Xu used this political position to lead the Guangfu Cavalry regiment in 1913, briefly spending time in Xinjiang as well. Xu was send with the 6th Mixed Brigade Battalion into Shandong for the KMT to secure the province. Xu was unable to secure the province upon Zhang Zongchang's arrival in 1926. Xu choose to betray the KMT and surrender his brigade to Zhang, while remaining untrustworthy to him. Xu was instrumental in riling Zhang into feeling insecure, ultimately causing him to remain in Shandong during the 1928 offensive. Xu developed an addiction to opium during this time, and became complicit in the drug trade in Shandong, leading to a reduced discipline in his ranks.§!
Kohinata Hakurō
§YBorn:§! §L1900, in Sanjo-shi, Niigata, Empire of Japan§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrom a young age Kohinata was interested in the reports of far-off Tibet, China and Germany as reported by Fukushima Yasumasa. Kohinata took this interest into a career first by joining the Japanese Kwantung Army, serving as a colonel under Banzai Rihachiro in Manchuria. Kohinata deserted the Kwantung military in 1920 to visit the mysterious Urga in Mongolia, being captured by bandits on his journey. The bandits took a liking to Kohinata, and allowed him to join their gang of horse thieves. These horse thieves taught Kohinata Daoism, martial arts, and gave him a Browning pistol emblazoned with a dragon, which he dubbed the 'Little White Dragon' - which in turn became a popular nickname for Kohinata himself. When the Qing were restored, Kohinata began going by the pseudonym Shao, hiding his Japanese ancestry. Kohinata was captured by Zhang Zuolin and initially sentenced to death, but was pardoned on the stipulation that he serve Zhang Zongchang in 1928. Kohinata joined the Zhang Clique, and has been instrumental in maintaining the army's flexible cavalry corps to counter more advanced army innovations elsewhere.§!
Date Junnosuke
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in Tokyo, Empire of Japan§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDate is the runt of the respected and long-lasting Date clan. The original Date clan being the samurai of the Mutsu Province, and included high ranking ministers. Date's family connections saved his life when in 1909 he murdered a fellow student in a rival gang. Date was saved from execution by the legal work of Iwai Saburo, Japan's first detective. While in prison, Date joined the Oomoto Church, which was popular with young officers at the time. Date was released from prison in 1916, and travelled to Manchuria. A plan to assassinate Zhang Zuolin by Prince Yamagata Aritomo ran afoul with Zuolin, forcing Date to swear loyalty to him. Date assigned himself to The Dogmeat General's army in 1929, initially to teach the mercenaries Japanese cavalry tactics. A sober member of the Zhang Clique, Date brings his family's banner to the war for China.§!
Sun Dianying
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in Yongchang, Henan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSun Dianying grew up in poverty, holding to the belief that he was descended from the Ming major general Sun Chengzong, and holding a rivalry with the legitimate descendant Sun Yue. Sun quarrelled with his teachers from a young age, and set fire to his school when he dropped out. Sun then became addicted to gambling and opium, and joined the Yangshan bandit Zhang Ping while still a child. Sun also joined the Temple Road Society, a folk religion, and eventually rose into a leadership position within the society. Sun convinced the society to join the Mount Song Pacification Force, an anti-bandit group composed of former bandits. After being routed and witnessing Han Yukun's suicide in 1925, Sun deserted with loyal soldiers. These soldiers entered Bozhou, Anhui, and swore allegiance to the KMT as cover. When the Northern Expedition crumbled in 1927, Sun took his men into Ningxia. There the soldiers showed extreme prejudice in raiding the countryside, attaching religious significance to their banditry. The Ma Clique retaliated, and Sun's bandits retreated to Shandong in 1928. Sun Dianying was pardoned by Zhang Zuolin as part of an agreement to join the Zhang Clique.§!
Zhang Jingyao
§YBorn:§! §L1881, in Huoqui, Anhui Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LZhang showed criminal inclinations from a young age, being accused of murder at age 15 in Anhui. Zhang fled Anhui shortly after for Beijing, and fell into the sphere of Yuan Shikai. Zhang trained at Baoding Army Hall in 1911, and assigned to the 11th Army 22nd Regiment under Yuan Shikai. Zhang appealed and was transferred to a marine division to fight the KMT in 1913. This campaign saw him occupy Luzhou, Sichuan in 1915. Zhang betrayed Yuan Shikai and joined the Anhui clique in 1917. Zhang was given governorship of Hunan in 1918, but his brutal rule as the Butcher of Hunan quickly led to a movement to expell him, and he was removed from Hunan on June 11th, 1920. Jingyao then decided to engage in grifts between the Anhui clique, and later to Zhang Zongchang after the rise of the League of Eight Provinces. Zhang became The Dogmeat General's 2nd Army Chief in 1926, and changed his name to Chang Shigu to hide his warrant for murder. Zhang Jingyao is known for believing in any conspiracy he is told, and being a part of at least half of them.§!
Qu Tongfeng
§YBorn:§! §L1873, in Yantai, Shandong Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAt age 16, Tongfeng joined the Beiyang Fleet, and served as engineer on the Dingyuan Battleship which is a modern marvel in Northern China. Siding with Yuan Shikai, Qu entered the Tianjin Naval School, and furthered his education at the Imperial Japanese Army Academy, which he graduated from in 1904. Qu returned to China and served as instructor at the Wuyang Academy of Military Sciences in 1910. Initially cooperating with the Republicans in the Wuchang uprising of 1911, Qu bounced around to different posts in the Republic, eventually returning to Yuan briefly before running the Shandong Military Affairs Office in 1916. Qu made an agreement in 1917 with Li Yuanhong to sell mineral rights to an aluminium mine in Shandong to Japan, and allow shipments out of Yantai. The Anhui Clique in 1920, feuding with Li Yanhong, rescinded this right and requested Qu to Nanjing to stand trial. Rather than stand trial, Qu faked illness and postponed his trip until the Anhui Clique became disinterested in 1925. A letter from Sun Yat-sen, requesting Qu rally himself against Wu Peifu stirred him into action, attempting to organise a force in Shandong to join. This force choose to fight Zhang Zongchang upon his arrival to Shandong in 1926, being soundly defeated, and Qu went into hiding. The lack of central authority, and the idea that Sun Yat-sen ordered him to fight but he failed weighed heavily on Qu. Qu was then invited to Fengtian by Zhang Zuolin, who offered to redeem Qu if he joined the Beiyang Navy. Qu, distrusting the Japanese presence in Manchuria, refused and left. Qu is recalled once again, when the current leader of Shandong asks for his return to Shandong, motivated by a promise to Sun Chuanfang to fight.§!
Jin Yun'e
§YBorn:§! §L1887, in Shandong Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a poor peasant family, Jin Yun'e, is the younger brother of the famous Anhui clique dignitary, Jin Yunpeng. Unlike the elder Jin however, Yun'e spent much of his childhood in the fields working.\n\nTo seek a better life, Jin Yun'e joined Yuan Shiaki's New Army in 1898 as a soldier and was later promoted to junior officer. His military career would continue as he was selected to study in the Baoding Accelerated Staff Academy, where he would become a staff officer which paved the way for his promotion afterwards. In 1918, under the referral of Cao Kun, Jin became a brigade commander and thus became part of the Zhili clique. However, as Wu Peifu is suspicious of Jin's relationship with his elder brother, Jin Yun'e found himself unable to advance up the ranks. Jin Yune's promotion was visibly slower than almost all of his colleagues in the Zhili clique despite his contribution to the Zhili-Fengtian Wars, this laid the seed of discontent in his heart, which would grow even more when Jin, who was only promoted to a divisional commander in 1923, three years later than the others, was sent to Shandong.\n\nTherefore, when Zhang Zongchang consolidated in his home province, Jin Yun'e did not resist but indirectly worked with him despite being a supposed Zhili member. As a relatively independent commander who is indifferent to politics, Jin Yun'e is willing to work with anyone as long as he can maintain his status.§!
Chu Yupu
§YBorn:§! §L1887, in Wenshang County, Shandong Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LComing from a landlord family whose fortunes have been in great decline since his father's generation, it surprises no one that Chu Yupu, who failed to enrol in the Baoding Military Academy twice, became one of the most famous bandits in his home province.\n\nDisillusioned by his failure to start a proper military career, Chu decided to become a Lulin (a combination of triads and bandits) and made a living by robbing together with a group of thugs. It is said that his initial bandit force was given by a bandit leader who was rescued in one of Chu's raids against a Qing prison. Later, in 1913, Chu and his bandits were incorporated into Zhang Zongchang's force, and they would work well with each other afterwards. Chu Yupu, unexpectedly entering a military career, would rise steadily in Zhang's ranks, following him to align with the Fengtian Clique and fighting countless wars together with the Zhangs. Chu would eventually be promoted to a Corps commander and Quartermaster in Chief for his merits after Zhang Zongchang consolidated power in Shandong.\n\nNow, as one of Zhang's clique dignitaries, Chu is an entrusted subordinate and friend of the Dogmeat General, and he is more than willing to support the Dogmeat General by making good use of his 
Lu Jin
§YBorn:§! §L1879, in Tianjin, Zhili Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEntering the Beiyang Military Academy at age 20, Lu Jin was one of many Chinese students sent to study Japanese military methods, eventually graduating from the Imperial Japanese Army Academy and returning to China in 1903 to teach at the Beiyang Academy's Military Survey School. He began to associate with the Zhili and Anhui Cliques of the Beiyang Army, relying on political patronage to attain several high ranking jobs in the Zhili and Shandong provinces, where he in turn built up local connections. Jin never stayed in one place long enough to establish thoroughly root himself, however, and he always fleeted between different military cliques. In 1917 he became an avid supporter of Zhang Xun's attempted Manchu Restoration and was showered with praise and archaic military titles by the rest of the coup plotters. When the Restoration failed, Jin nevertheless managed to preserve his military career, but he fell deeper into the Zhili clique's web of factional intrigue and became more beholden to the influence of Cao Kun and Wu Peifu. He eventually had to flee the country after Feng Yuxiang's Beijing Coup of 1924, finding temporary refuge in Japan, before regrouping with members of the Anhui Clique. By the time the Zhili retook power, Jin was a spent political force. Despite his Zhili and monarchist credentials his attempts to petition the Zhili Clique as well as the newly re-enthroned Xuantong Emperor to restore him to his position in the army failed. Unable to advance politically among the former Anhui Clique members in Fengtian, Jin drifted between Beijing, Tianjin and Shandong, eventually making contact with Qu Yingguang.\n\nThe two men bonded over their mutual monarchist beliefs, their hatred of the entrenched corruption in the Beijing government and their shared background as men from Zhejiang Province. Even though Lu Jin had been born in Tianjin, his family had originated from Zhejiang, and this earned him Qu Yingguang's respect. He was eventually recruited as a member of the Shandong Anti-Drug Association and the Benevolence Association, as a loose pretext to allow him to legally help organise the military wing of Qu Yingguang's political movement, free from the prying eyes of the Zhili Clique.§!
Wu Huawen
§YBorn:§! §L1904, in Laizhou, Shandong Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWu Huawen was born to a Christian peasant family in Shandong, but accompanied his father to Mengcheng in Anhui Province at the age of 7. Different stories circulate of just what kind of life young Huawen led, he has sometimes bragged about coming from a rich peasant family and graduating from a private missionary school, and at other times claimed he was barely surviving as a starving farm boy. In one of these stories, he joined the army as an ambitious, nationalistic student, and in the other he enlisted after a flood destroyed his home. Either way, a teenage Huawen was initially serving as a cook and doing other menial tasks before he was recognised to be literate and appointed as a messenger. He was thereafter sent to serve in a garrison in Jinan, under the command of the then Zhili-aligned General Feng Yuxiang. Huawen bonded with his commander over their shared religious beliefs and Feng grew fond of the boy, vouching for Huawen's credentials and sending him to Beijing to pursue a proper military education in 1923. He drifted between different schools and eventually graduated from the Beiyang Army Academy in 1927, the same year that his mentor Feng Yuxiang was driven out of Beijing by the Zhili Clique. Huawen quickly denounced Feng and curried favour with the Zhili, earning a teaching position in Henan and was eventually assigned in 1930 as the commander of the very same Jinan garrison he had once served in. It was here he made common cause with Governor Zhang Zongchang and fell into his infamous \
Li Lijiu
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Ningjin, Zhili Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrom a young age, Li Lijiu was sickly and dependent. According to his later accounts, Li Lijiu was cured by a Yiguandao practitioner using traditional medicine. This healing put Li Lijiu squarely in the realm of the faithful as an adult. It was around this time the young Li Lijiu began to study martial arts. In 1925 he served as a martial arts coach for the Henan Army. Since then, he has been cavorting with various warlords. In 1935, Li came to Nanjing and stayed at his martial arts master Du Xinwu's home. Soon, he became interested in the Yiguandao. The first delivery of tithing to Shandong catapulted Li Lijiu into Zhang Tianran's inner circle. Li Lijiu has returned the favour by dedicating himself to the Red Spears Societies in Shandong, promising to liberate Nanjing and eventually his friend Zhou Fohai from the KMT's socialist overlords.§!
Lu Yongxiang
§YBorn:§! §L1867, in Jinan, Shandong Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLu Yongxiang began his military career as a graduate of the Tianjin Wubian Military Academy in the late 19th century. First as a soldier under the Qing statesman Li Hongzhang, then as an instructor at the Wuwei Army Battalion in Shandong. Lu Yongxiang spent the first decade of the 20th century rising through the ranks in Shandong, eventually leading the 20th division Qing New Army against the Xinhai Revolution. Lu's experience and loyalty bought him the title of 'Baron' in Yuan Shikai's Beiyang Army in 1912. After Yuan Shikai's death, Lu joined the Anhui Clique, and served under their clique for several years. Lu Yongxiang led a failed attack on the League under Sun Chuanfang during their struggle with the Anhui Clique, and made a hastily escape to Japan upon his defeat. Unwilling to abandon his home, Lu Yongxiang requested that Grand Marshal Zhang Zuolin find some way for Lu to return to Shandong safely. This return came under the banner of General Zhang Zongchang, who made Lu an important propaganda piece in his struggle against the Northern Expedition. Lu returned to Jinan only to find his hometown overcome with vice. the elder Lu quickly fell into opium addiction in an attempt to reconnect with his home.§!
Lin Jianzhang
§YBorn:§! §L1874, in Fuzhou, Fujian Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLin Jianzhang began his naval career with an immediate appreciation and boldness in new technology. As a native of Fujian, Lin joined the Imperial Chinese Navy, and graduated from the newly-established Kiangnan Naval Academy. Lin demonstrated this boldness during the Xinhai Revolution by launching a rescue mission up the Yangtze River against the republicans. Lin was rewarded for this act by the Nanjing Provisional Government by being promoted to Admiral and given the flagship Nan Shun battleship. This promotion saw Lin's entanglement in Chinese politics, and his eventual defection to the Zhili Clique. After the Qing Restoration, Lin declared his fleet independent, and sailed it to Shanghai. This action nearly cost Lin his life, when his fleet deposed him and left him at Yantai. Humiliated yet skilled, Lin became the perfect target for recruitment into Zhang Zuolin's Fengtian Clique, which paid his salary as he was assigned to rebuild a fleet at Yantai.§!
Zhao Hong Wenguo
§YBorn:§! §L1881, in Xiuyan, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHong Wenguo was born to an impoverished family, and experienced the events of the First Sino-Japanese War at the age of 14. Zhao married Zhao Yuhuang in 1898, taking his surname, and had 5 sons and 3 daughters. One of her sons, Zhao Dong, became a university professor at Dongbei University. Through her hard work, Madame Zhao gained respect in her village community and improved her family's financial situation, elevating them to a higher position. When Zhang Zuolin declared her family traitors and bandits in 1930, Zhao took up arms to defend herself. Zhao evacuated her town of Xiyuan ahead of Zhang Zuolin's gendarmerie, and was said to have shot Zuolin's soldiers with two hidden pistols, earning the nickname 'Two Gun Grandma'.§!
Xue Dian
§YBorn:§! §L1887, in Shulu, Zhili Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA long and steady career studying Xinji Quan martial arts in Tianjin defined Xue Dian's early years. Xue studied with Masters Li Cunyi, Li Taihe, and Xue Zhengang. When Xue was defeated in a challenge match against Fu Jianqiu, he had to leave town due to cultural rules about martial arts competition. Xue went into this exile in 1925 and went to Shandong, where a chance encounter with Zhang Tianran changed his life. Zhang Tianran gave Xue Dian lifestyle and prayer lessons, which enabled Xue Dian to return to Tianjin and beat Fu Jianqiu. In thanks, Xue Dian tithed his martial arts academy in Tianjin to the Yiguandao, and joined the Yiguandao's charitable organisation. In 1926, Xue Dian attended a secret meeting between the Red Spears and Zhang Tianran, and was made Minor Emperor of Shandong under the Yiguandao in order to lead the Red Spears in military and spiritual training.§!
Boris Annenkov
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1889, in Kiev Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBoris Vladimirovich Annenkov comes from Russian hereditary nobility and received his military education in the Aleksandr Military School. He served in the Siberian Cossack Host and already during the Great War received infamy as leader of bloody long range raids against the Germans. With already history of insubordination, he refused to stand down after the October Coup, and would become White rebel leader in Central Siberia. In 1918 Annenkov was elected as the Marching Ataman of the Siberian Cossack Host, and received command over 2nd Steppe Corps.\n\nAnnenkov led his forces to Semirechye, and after bloody campaign he became the General-Governor. His two year rule over Semirechye would see entire villages massacred from the slightest hint of Bolshevik sympathies. His forces, the Annenkovites, committed pogroms, pillaged and destroyed freely until by 1921 he was not needed anymore. Kolchak stripped him of ranks but allowed Annenkov to leave for Mongolia with small core of his men.\n\nFighting in various minor engagements across Western China, his men eventually found their way to Shanghai. General Zhang Zongchang, at the time the de-facto ruler of the city, hired Boris Annenkov as an officer to lead his Russian mercenary forces.§!
Liu Zhennian
§YBorn:§! §L1898, in Nangong County, Zhili Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBeginning his military career in Baoding Army Officer School, Liu Zhennian would enter the school with excellent grades, meeting Li Jinglin and being placed as a trainee in the mortar section of the Officer Training Corps. Soon after, he was sent to the Northeast Military Academy to learn skills related to artillery, and would graduate to become a mortar company commander. During the second ZhiFeng War in 1924, Liu would notably command six mortars to annihilate Zhili Army positions, allowing his fellow soldiers to flood in the openings. Rising to prominence in the war, he would be promoted to battalion commander.\n\nAfter a period of recuperation from war wounds, he would join Chu Yupu as commander of the 16th Brigade, and later would serve as commander of the second battalion of the \
Robert Short
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 4th, 1904, in Steilacoom, Washington, United States of America§!
Vincent Schmidt
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 2nd, 1898, in McKeesport, Pennsylvania, United States of America§!
Antonio Riva
§YBorn:§! §LApril 8th, 1896, in Shanghai, Shanghai International Settlement§!
Wang Ganchang
The Dogmeat General
Bestowed a nickname in keeping with his infamy, Zhang Zongchang is reviled even among his fellow warlords due to his total disregard for convention and morality. These same traits, however, have garnered him a fearsome reputation to which a certain class of followers are attracted. Zhang openly admits to having “Three Unknowns”; an unknown number of wives, an unknown wealth, and most importantly an unknown number of soldiers. Paired with his behaviour, these make Zhang unpredictable, his true aims and potential difficult to determine.
The Honoured Master
Having converted the infamous Zhang Zongchang from atop Mount Tai, Zhang Tianran draws the world's attention toward himself and away from the corruption of Jinan below. Publicly benevolent but secretive, Zhang Tianran's influence is growing, and spreads far beyond his monastic fortresses.
Qu Bodhisattva
Flight to the North
Thousands flee to Shandong to escape the disarray to the south. Pushed by warlords' levies and pulled by Yiguandao salvationist promises, Zhang's relaxed rule offers at least temporary asylum. Whomever rules will decide the fate of these refugees.
Rampant Drug Trade
Zhang Zongchang's own weakness for opium has spread to the Shandong population, much to the peoples' dismay. As the price of the drug rises, violence and extortion escalates. The Yiguandao and Ren Ci are attempting to combat the drug trade.
Yiguandao Revolt
The protocols given to the Yiguandao should The Honoured Teacher Zhang Tianran fall in his sacred mission have been deployed by the remaining minor Emperors and second-level Managers. The Yiguandao are currently asking followers to burn their possessions and relocate to grotto-heavens in preparation for the delusional Maha-Kalpa, the apocalypse. We cannot recruit or tax people in this frenzied state.
Peasant Revolt
The outrage at the dealings in Jinan and Taishan has destabilised the province. Tax collectors are demanding immediate payment, toll roads are being erected by townships, and the hoarding of weapons against the government is at an all time high. We must deploy men to the countryside if the people of Shandong are to ever trust us again.
Zhang Clique Revolt
No matter how debased the Dogmeat General was, his collection of loyal administrators, debtors, and soldiers were accepted in Shandong as the legitimate government. Now, his men are aimlessly trying to collect back-pay off of whomever they encounter. These bandits must be put down with the devils that lead them.
Flight to Zhang Zongchang
The final inhibition to trade with the Western Powers in Shandong, Zhang Tianran, is now vanquished. Immigrants coming to Shandong now have the opportunity to pursue trade with the Western Powers, as well as indulge in more modern comforts without the threat of moral reprisal so many used to fear. The atmosphere of Jinan is slowly crawling towards the chic of modern Chinese cities like Shanghai.
Flight to Qu Yingguang
After years of banditry disguised as governance, and deception by religious manipulators, Shandong is finally free. The people of Shandong will rejoice and prosper when the drugs are finally burned in a large bonfire.
Loyal Citizens
Finally the fallout of the riots is over, and the people of Shandong shall rejoice with renewed zeal to change China as a whole. As a result, tax collectors have been able to offer tax credits and refunds to the loyal citizenry.
Controlled Drug Trade
Unregulated opium plantations have been subordinated under Zhang's government at last. The illegal trade with Qingdao and Weihaiwei finally formalised and taxed by the Zhang Clique. The informal legality of drug use is now finalised.
Violently Suppressed Drug Trade
Zhang Tianran has ordered the Morality and Charity Organisation to violently uproot suspected drug addicts and subject them to judgement. With the help of the Big Swords Society, drug trade has been violently ended, opium plantations burned, and corrupt bureaucrats violently removed.
Big Swords
The Big Swords of northern China have finally fully endorsed the Yiguandao, and are determined to fight on our side. Their leaders believe in the spiritual nature of the struggle for China against foreign devils.
Big Swords and Red Spears
The Big Swords of northern China and the Red Spears of central Shandong have fully endorsed the Yiguandao, and are determined to fight on our side. Their leaders believe in the spiritual nature of the struggle for China against foreign devils.
Guiyidao Support
The imitation of Zhang Tianran's Chinese Morality and Charity Organisation has finally superseded its inspiration, the Guiyidao. In the best interest of the Chinese people, Zhang Tianran has assumed control of the Red Swastika Society facilities in Shandong, and promised to protect the Guiyidao temples from pervasive ongoing banditry.
Limited Intervention
At the urging of the League refugees, Qu Yingguang has allowed for a limited engagement in the chaotic Yellow River Valley and beyond. These brave expeditionary forces are composed of volunteers whose concerns lie in the safety of their families in the south.
Railroad Assisted Army
With a vastly improved railway supply chain, it is now possible to supply Shandong troops much more efficiently than before.
Jiangsu Exploitation
From our deal with Anqing, mediated by Fengtian following the end of the League War, we receive §H[?SHD_jiangsu_exploitation_civ_factories]§! civilian factories and §H[?SHD_jiangsu_exploitation_mil_factories]§! military factories. We also have full control over potential resources from the Jiangsu state and have additional manpower resources in Jinan.
Shipbuilding Focus
By focusing our resources we will be able to quickly build us a navy.
Expanding our Control
With the end of the devastating League War, Shandong stands as the true champion of the eastern provinces. It may prove fruitful to swiftly integrate the former League provinces before we can proceed to uniting the rest of China!
Fengtian Troop Training
A large military mission consisting of many Fengtian drill sergeants, as well as some Japanese ones, is helping us train troops as quickly as possible in order to battle against the League.
Shandong Training Aid
We have sent an extensive training mission to Shandong to aid them with training troops in their conflict with the League. If they succeed, we will have a powerful ally in the Chinese mainland.
Mineral Rights Leases
Jiangsu Exploitation
Luda Mining Company
72-Cannon Artillery Foundry
Jinan Arsenal
Fengtian supports Zhang Zongchang against Anqing
Shandong has remained neutral in the League War
$tooltip_event_pauses_focus$
§GThe Honoured Teacher Zhang Tianran can begin to reclaim the hearts and minds of the League Provinces\n§!
§CThis focus will decide the fate of Shandong and its role to play in China§!
Recruit From the Xuzhou Garrison
Around the city of Xuzhou smaller forces would happily join our army for the right price.
§RGovernor Qu will be less supportive of the Monarchy's efforts!§!
Shandong Civil Disturbances
We must deal with the numerous opportunists political instability has brought. They hide in the mountains, raiding towns and insist our governance is illegitimate.
End Yiguandao Riot
End Peasant Riot
End Zhang Clique Riot
Develop Jiangxi Tungsten
Develop Fujian Aluminium
Create the League of East Chinese Provinces
The Six Provinces can now be reorganised under the rule of a single Marshal, Zhang Zongchang. After the chaos following the death of Sun, Zhang Zongchang re-engineered the League and united the Six Provinces under his rule. His endorsement of vice and opportunistic militarism is now the de-facto policy of the six provinces.
Shandong's Balance
Governance is surely an extension of personality, and it is essential that we project ours as both an independent province and a legitimate venue for investment in China.
Request Japanese Naval Assistance
The best use of our renewed reliance on Japan in taking advantage of their navy. While Shandong's capacity to fight on the high seas is limited, there are plenty of civilian ports in Japan we can rent for our purposes.
This decision can be taken up to §Y3§! times. (Currently §Y[?SHD_dockyard_count]/3§!)
Assemble [QIE.GetAdjective] volunteer Air Squadrons
Brave Chinese pilots in [QIE.GetNameDef] are welcome to use Jinan to practise their shooting skills against foreign imperialists.
Rent [QIE.GetAdjective] Factories
The necessity of finally defeating the foreign imperialists means we are willing to pay any price in order to receive additional industrial support from [QIE.GetNameDef].
This decision can be taken up to §Y3§! times. (Currently §Y[?SHD_industrialist_count]/3§!)
Intervene in the Warlord States
We must take advantage of any unguarded borders if we are to achieve our ultimate goal. Driving right through the foolish armies that oppose us and keep the Chinese people from their deserved governance. We shall soon see the walls of Nanjing, the Fragrant Harbour and eat Sichuan spice.
Seize Xuzhou
The city of Xuzhou is one of the more developed areas in Jiangsu and the surrounding area, a prize worthy of interest by itself.
Intervene in Jiangsu
Jiangsu is in dire need of our assistance, and their people suffer under the southern heel. We must solidify their control over the province.
Intervene in [From.GetNameDef]
The land between Taishan and Zijin Shan is in chaos. If we are to meet that great city, we must strike now.
Yantai-Port Arthur Shipping Route
The largest port we control ourselves, £victory_points §GYantai§! allows for continuous shipments from the Japanese and Fengtian Government.
Nantong-Nagasaki Shipping Route
Next to Shanghai likely the second most important port on the East China Sea and connected by rail to the interior, £victory_points §GNantong§! is of vital importance to ensure a steady supply of weapons.
Hangzhou-Nagasaki Shipping Route
A major city, £victory_points §GHangzhou§! would allow for large shipments of Japanese and Fengtian arms to support us in our war effort.
If you control §Y[1047.GetName]§! you can become their owner directly and increase $MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$ by 2%.
If you control §Y[598.GetName]§! and §Y[1075.GetName]§!, you can become their owner directly and increase $MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$ by 4%.
Raising an army
Our so called army is lacking compared to the many warlords we hope to face. Although we may not have a modern army, we do have the popularity of the people which we can use to our advantage. If strength does not work numbers will...
Recruit the peasants of [FROM.GetName]
We can recruit the peasants of [FROM.GetName] to aid our cause.
Socialist Youth League
Socialist Youth League (Shehui Zhuyi Qingnian Tuan)\n§LThe newest development in socialist thought, only really popular with Shandong youth familiar with works published by the Pan-Pacific Trade Union Secretariat. Composed of mostly students, this group can only prosper with massive guidance from foreign powers.§!\n
Anti-Japanese Solidarity Society
Anti-Japanese Solidarity Society (Fanri Tuanjiehui)\n§LA radical splinter of the initial Kuomintang mission in Shandong, this group has spent several years underground in Qingdao waiting for the opportunity to arise. Influenced by translated socialist works published by the Pan-Pacific Trade Union Secretariat, their organisation can only survive with the support of these foreign influencers.§!\n
Kuomintang
National Party (Kuomintang)\n§LSince the foundations of the New China movement were laid in Shandong, there is still an undercurrent of progressivism and change in the Shangqing. These people all seek closer ties to the underground Kuomintang south of the Yangtze River.§!\n
Progressive Party
Progressive Party (Jinbudang)\n§LFounded in 1916 by Kang Youwei, the Progressive Party grew largely through donations from ex-patriots and within the margin of democratic opportunism of the decade. When this opportunism was replaced by the Qing Restoration, several party members in Shandong chose to go underground.§!\n
Research Clique
Research Clique (Yanjiuxi)\n§LAn offshoot of the 1916 Progressive Party founded by Kang Youwei during the reign of Yuan Shikai, The Shandong Research Clique has struggled since the restoration of the Qing for relevance in Shandong. With membership unwilling to compromise with the intellectual climate of Shandong intelligentsia, party membership is mostly built on donations from ex-patriots and appeals to visiting westerners.§!\n
Dragon Flower Society Heavenly Way
Dragon Flower Society Heavenly Way (Yixin Tiandao Longhua Hui)\n§LFounded in Zouping county to combat the excessive poverty in the region, the Dragon Flower Society represents an alternative to banditry that attracted so many that decade. The founder, Ma Shiwei, intended the organisation to unify several different schools of Xiantiandao under a common goal to improve welfare in Shandong. The Dragon Flower Society was only recognised as a political party when interventionists and western observers sought out an alternative to the Yiguandao's latent militarism and the Guiyidao's generous welfare ideals.§!\n
Guiyidao Society
Guiyidao Society (Guiyidao Hui)\n§LThis organisation has a similar background to the Yiguandao, but is inclusive of Christianity and western esotericism. As such their funding has sharply declined in recent years due to the divided nature of Shandong. Those seeking Christianity have already moved to Qingdao. They do however have a strong reputation for nonpartisan welfare, giving to the poor of every race.§!\n
Society of Restoring Benevolence
Society of Restoring Benevolence (Guiren Hui)\n§LThe turmoil of the century of humiliation is just another page in the long history of Shandong. For many in Shandong, enlightenment is the only way to escape it, others seek to dominate in their short lives. Traditionalists around Qu Yingguang and the Duke Yansheng oppose all changes that were introduced by foreigners of the last century. The Zhang Clique's open secret drug trade is seen as degenerate behaviour by many in Shandong. Not to mention the extravagance and boorishness on display with Zhang Zongchang himself. To many, the failure of the Qing is their lackadaisical attitude towards Shandong, not their monarchy. Qu Yingguang's public commitment to the Qing is resounded in southeastern Shandong, who wish to return home to Weihaiwei and Qingdao.§!\n
Liu Clique
Zhang Clique
Zhang Clique (Zhang Pai)\n§LThe Zhang Clique rules over a majority of Shandong from the inland commercial hub of Jinan. This extends along the Shandong railway up until Weifang, and along the main road to Yantai. The clique is run by The Dogmeat General himself along with his associates loyal to him including Zhang Jingyao and Zhang Zizhong. Zhang Zongchang's true power is in the well armed remnants of the Shandong Revolutionary Army that patrol the province. Although they still technically adhere to a ban on opium, in practice Zhang Zongchang uses the railway to get his supply from Qingdao.§!\n
Yiguandao Society
Yiguandao Society (Yiguandao Hui)\n§LThe Yiguandao is a cult originally part of the White Lotus Society that was practised throughout China in the 19th Century. Their syncretic beliefs combine the structure of heaven of Confucianism, the variety of gods of Buddhism, and the life extending practices of Daoism. The Yiguandao doctrine was confided by Teacher Lu Zhongjie to his small group during the Weltkrieg, and most subsequent converts learn in stages. This ensures that the core leadership has enough chips to adjust the cult to fit their personal goals. First among this group is The Honoured Teacher Zhang Tianran, the successor to Lu Zhongyi. Through Zhang Tianran's political manoeuvring, the cult has grown to about 7 million adherents across China, with only 500,000 members located within the Shangqing itself.\n\nPeasant armies throughout Northern China, particularly the Big Swords Society and Red Spears Society, see the Yiguandao as the most morally upright government in China.§!\n
Anqing Clique
Shandong Focus Tree
Two Zhangs Enter
Years of tension between the Yiguandao and Zhang Zongchang has reached a breaking point. Zhang Zongchang's promises to stay clean have withered away, and Qu Yingguang's infiltration into the drug trade has unearthed valuable evidence to convict him in the eyes of the world. With the arrival of Lu Zhongjie to Jinan, The Dogmeat General has put himself on a path of destruction for all three in Shandong.
Announce Revelationary Order
As all great teachers in Chinese history have done, Zhang Tianran will reveal revelationary order to the Chinese public through public sermons. While the warlords of China shout and break their men, Zhang Tianran will calmly dictate the future of China as told to him through spirit writing. Through Zhang Tianran, Wujimu, Sun Yat-sen and the Buddha speak.
Destroy the Drug Trade
The generations of pain China is crawling out of are threatened by vicious seeds of Opium. Opium is not a medicine but a poison upon Chinese people, and something the noble Boxers and Sun Yat-sen sought to end. Zhang Tianran has organised a list of known drug dealers, and is relying on citizens to uproot them.
Back to the Basics
The whole bureaucracy of Jinan is rotten with blind faith in warlords. The Shandong independence council, Zhang Zongchang's Governor's office, and the corrupt importation office must all be condemned. From their failure, the Yiguandao will establish Managers and Teachers to oversee civil governance.
Absorb the Guiyidao
The Guiyidao's innovative ability to connect pious men from outside China to our cause of salvation is commendable. It is with great regret that they have abandoned Shandong for Beijing and Tianjin. No matter. Their offices are prime locations for Managers to distribute charity.
Benevolence and Morality
The destruction Zhang Zongchang has wreaked on Shandong is apparent. The opium trade and corruption run rampant, infiltrating every level of society, with government officials being little more than Zhang's hired bandits. Now that Qu Yingguang has returned to power in the province, with the Society for Restoring Benevolence at his side and Central Government funding in his pocket, Shandong will be cleansed of its ailments and be restored to order.
Return to the Source
Now that the two Zhangs have been eliminated, Shandong can now return to the source of legitimacy in China, Beijing. Our mutual interest in seeing China freed of foreign influence will be fulfilled, and the cultural institutions of Shandong will be preserved.
Story of a Bastard
The crowds that laughed at him when he rode into Jinan in a coffin are now in wooden boxes themselves. Governor Zhang Zongchang announced to his soldiers that they are all bastards like he is. They are also the biggest and most virile bastards in China. Shandong's destiny is to outplay the big dogs and keep The Dogmeat General alive at all costs.
Honoured Teacher Lu Zhongjie
The most important lesson Zhang Zongchang took from Taishan is that the people of Shandong have flocked to religion as their disillusionment with him increases. In order to cut them off at the pass, Zhang has invited the grateful Lu Zhongjie to resume her position as Honoured Teacher of the Yiguandao, and to stay out of politics.
Besiege Mount Taishan
The Yiguandao still persist up on Mount Taishan, and our generals have devised a careful plan of attack to finally rid Shandong of their influence. We must act quickly to ensure the Yiguandao threat is ended, once and for all.
Bolster the Drug Trade
The looming threat of discovery that Qu Yingguang and Zhang Tianran held over our head is over. Once we eliminate the remaining nannies that try and disrupt the drug trade, we can enjoy that freedom the monarchists and philosophers disparage.
Shandong, Model Province
The idea of model governance is not what kept Shandong independent, but soon it may be the only argument in favour of autonomy. The civil servants in Shandong are implored to distribute positive assessments of the province, as well as ensure that foreign visitors do not venture too far from the cities.
Reaffirm The Northeast Army
The Northeast Army was decamped at Shandong, and was declared by most observers to be defunct. Despite our best efforts, the foreign observers are largely correct. Many veterans of Fengtian's force are in hiding, and need to be called in from the reserve to fight. The old banners of Shandong should be brought out to call all capable men to our army.
An Army of Professionals
Past experience with recruits deserting and disobedience indicates that we should focus on training professional soldiers. Having to draw from a more mature selection of soldiers, providing them with proper training, and given specific orders to retreat will ensure our soldiers last longer in a protracted war.
Replace Outdated Weapons
The army's mercenary origins ar shown in their substandard equipment. If we are to reform towards professionalism, our engineers must be given time to experiment with new weapon designs and procurement.
Train with Northern Cavalry
The mercenary cavalry that came to Shandong with Zhang Zongchang are now awaiting either their cue to leave or to fight. Some of them have had experience in the North foraging and outrunning larger patrols. These lessons would be great if applied to our battle plans.
Improve Rail Supply Chains
The railroad through Shandong was essential for Zhang during his service to Fengtian. Now his lessons can be applied to future campaigns, with additional improvements. Having some rail cars carry food, and others with spare parts will reduce breakdowns.
An Army of Fanatics
Past experience with recruits displaying more bravery than their superiors and death defying manoeuvres indicates that we should focus on training fanatic soldiers. Having to draw from a younger selection of soldiers, providing them with proper training, and given specific orders to never retreat will ensure our soldier's swift victory.
Request Weapons From Followers
The people of Shandong have been building personal defence weapons for years in fear of Zhang Zongchang. Now that he is gone, our administration can request these potential patriots donate their arms to the national salvation.
Learn From the Chahar Horsemen
Chahar horsemen played their part in helping poor folks of northern Shandong resist Zhang Zongchang's tax collectors. It is now time to pay back the favour. Chahar Cavalrymen living in Shandong have been pardoned of any banditry they may have committed, and are implored to join the army and assist in national salvation.
Fight for the Master
Soldiers no longer respond to warlords orders en masse. It takes a competent and proven leader, a Master, to muster bravery in these cautious times. A command centre lead by a civil and military administration can ensure objectives can be completed using all of Shandong's faculties.
Modernise Officer Portfolios
The younger generation of soldiers lack the opportunity to attend military academies abroad, due to our lack of legitimacy. We must take an account of our options for foreign military schooling and press all our favours in that direction.
Novel Military Projects
Thinking outside the mould is what enabled Shandong to preserve its autonomy in past decades. As an extension, we have a series of exploratory military projects we can focus on.
Modern Military Research
The younger generation of students lack the opportunity to attend military academies abroad, due to our lack of legitimacy. Our administration can spend some capital to gather teachers from Qingdao and Tianjin, and assemble a military research plan.
Revive Shandong's Industry
While Shandong was not under the inept administration of the League of Eight, the previous few years have seen many small factories close their doors. The administration has dedicated itself to assessing the empty factory lots for potential loans to open new businesses in Shandong.
Reopen Mothballed Factories
Zhang Zongchang's attempt to play the Shandong Mining Cartel against the Luda mining company resulted in several factories in Shandong being closed when the cartel and distribution centres could not reconcile. It is time we push through reconciliation and reopen the centres for business.
Repair the Jinan-Qingdao Railway
The Jinan-Qingdao Railway has been worn out through overuse and poor construction methods when tracks were laid in the 1910s. Some sort of mutually beneficial arrangement can be made with the German authorities where they supply steel for repairing the railway, and we supply the corvée labour.
Mineral Rights Leases
In the intervening years since the standstill on coal, more speculators have revealed mineral deposits in Shandong. Our administration is now competent enough to handle leasing mineral rights to Chinese companies. We can predict better profit and no tricks this time.
Empower the Shandong Mining Cartel
The Shandong Mining Cartel was formed in 1928 with secret endorsement by Zhang Zongchang. Their goal is to organise Chinese labour to ensure foreign companies do not get a cost advantage over domestic competition. This goal, if done in secret with our administration's help, can enrich everyone besides the foreigners.
Shandong University
Shandong University has been closed since the end of the Weltkrieg, having remained within German Qingdao. In this void there is only Shandong Agricultural University in Tai'an, which is ill suited to military science. The administration has struck a deal with Qingdao to let Shandong students attend Shandong University so long as we reopen it.
Improve Roads to Beijing
The roads to Beijing have proven more useful as the Bohai Bay is disputed between [QIE.GetNameDef] and Fengtian. Especially with the free trade zone in Tianjin attracting commerce. The road to Beijing within Shandong is now being repaired under our administration's supervision.
Court Northern Elites
The Beijing government is ejecting otherwise fine residents for petty political issues, and their loss is our windfall. The administration has authorised we spruce up several estates around Shandong and make Northern elites an offer to take up residency. This will improve our claims of autonomy, or at worst case make for good hostages.
Buy Factories in Tianjin
The recent economic turmoil around the world has left real estate fairly affordable in Tianjin. It is in the administration's interest to purchase some of the money struck factories in Tianjin for our military industry. This location will also enable us to better assess the situation of China through a neutral port.
Reclaim Despoiled Industry
After years of unsystematic disregard by the Zhili governors, [SHD.GetLeader] has arrived with a promise to reinvigorate the southern provinces. This initial promise has come with it a bounty to Governors should they defect to this new scheme.
Victory in the South
With the vast ruined expanse of the Yangtze River Valley now open to [SHD.GetLeader], it is time to hear the needs of the millions of refugees whose homes are now within reach. These grateful citizens will be easily plied to assist in industrialising the region towards our goal of national defence.
Develop the Coastline
The Northern Yangtze region coastline has become a minefield of competing interests, even after the AOG was unseated. It will take the greatest effort of our administration to effectively reestablish sea traffic, but the reward will be great.
Develop Anqing
Anqing, the capital of the oldest of the upper Yangtze cliques, has been abused for far too long by its stewards. It is time for the people of Anqing and Anhui to be given the economic opportunities their narcissistic leaders have denied them.
Renovate Nanjing
The old walled city of Nanjing has weathered centuries of occupation, but is now finally safe. Our administration will gladly take donations in exchange for a workforce to rebuild the city.
Complete the Jinan-Nanjing Railway
When the millions pushed and jostled down dirt roads from Jiangsu to Shandong, they lamented the lack of a rail line. With the dangers of travelling by the coast still present, and enough capital from the newly liberated provinces, we should be able to expedite a small gauge railway between these cities.
Dayu Tungsten Mines
It has long been known there are large quantities of tungsten in Dayu, which is located close to Ganzhou in Gannan, Jiangxi. However, there is little infrastructure to actually extract these resources. We should work on improving the region so the tungsten can be mined and exported.
Connect Fujian's Communities
Fujian is a home to numerous refugees and a traditional community that did not appreciate occupiers. It is our hope that our administration will be able to earn their loyalty through work projects in their province.
Rebuild Northern Zhejiang
Northern Zhejiang was partially destroyed during the Taiping Rebellion, an event no leader in China wishes to bear responsibility for. Until our administration came along, that is. The people of Northern Zhejiang, with a few condolences and infrastructure works, could very possibly join our cause and rejoice in our future victories.
Rebuild the Beiyang Fleet
Shandong used to be home to the Beiyang Fleet, the pride of the old Great Qing. Although the Germans have reduced us to smaller capacity ports, we will return. The fleet that owned the Bohai Sea will live again, and Shandong will be at the front of it.
Steal Japanese Designs
Our administration has found a group of persons affiliated within the IJN that is willing to leak the designs being used to build some of their smaller vessels... for a price.
Modernise Naval Bases
The naval base of Yantai is not sufficient for supplying our soldiers should they lose land connection to Shandong. A larger naval base may be necessary, and it is within this administration's ability to acquire such a naval base.
Purchase Convoys
If we are to draw trade from the contentious Bohai Sea, and survive the submarines, we must invest in more convoys. It is most prudent to acquire them secondhand from old merchant ships.
Obtain Submarine Designs
If we are to wrest control of the Bohai Sea from our rivals, we must outwit their superior firepower at sea. The solution is a secretive submarine programme. The potential returns if we are able to dislodge this sea outweighs the cost of development.
Incorporate Qingdao
It is time for us to assume the true home of the Beiyang Fleet, Qingdao. Our grand return will precipitate a revitalisation of Chinese naval industry in Shandong.
Create an Air Force
With the seas in dire straits, it is time we think laterally. We cannot utilise airpower until Jinan has a proper airport to launch from.
Experimental Fighters
With costs so high to develop fighter planes, our technicians have devoted their effort towards cutting corners and sacrificing safety in the name of getting as many planes in the air as possible. We can project our power much further once we get some experience flying.
Train Fighter Pilots
Brave young men of Shandong are ready to get their wings. The grateful people of Shandong will appreciate feeling safe with our boys in the sky.
Expand the Jinan Airstrip
The airstrip in Jinan is inadequate to handle the volume of flights our military has planned in the upcoming years as we expand our military industrial capability. We have plotted out a larger airport as we develop our aviation industry to take our bold measures further and outwit the other warlords.
Planes over Bohai
Being able to project power over the Bohai Sea will enable us to assist the navy in securing the sea from our rivals. Specially designed naval aircraft will also be able to handle targets at sea much better than land targets.
Airspace Protection
Escorting our fighters and infantry is a growing trend in the newsreels of wars abroad. It may be worth the effort to invest in anti-air defences to complement our army.
Bomber Aircraft
The dream of being able to intimidate warlords with fighter aircraft is being realised. Bomber Aircraft, given the sufficient industrial tutelage, can easily knock out the enemy's ability to fund their wars.
Shandong's ruler Zhang Zongchang is preceded only by his armoured train and a monstrous reputation. The 'Dogmeat General' is known for violence, vice and corruption, and under his hand, the capital of Jinan has steadily come to mirror its master.\n\nHowever, from the peak of Mount Tai, the elusive patriarch Zhang Tianran eschews the depravity below. Instead, he hopes to turn back China's clock by over a century and guide the country into the arms of his captivating Yiguandao faith. A clash between these contradictory forces may change China forever...
GFX_SHD_intro
1936; Turning Point in Shandong
The province of §PShandong§! has been carved up of its most valuable land by the §mLegation States§! and §mGermany§!. The port of §aQingdao§!, once devastated by war between §jJapan§! and §mGermany§!, now serves as an important port for both the §gImperial German Navy§! and for civilian trade by the companies that make up the §aAufsichtsrat§!. This situation has made §aJinan§! the perfect home for the real power in §PShandong§!. §PZhang Zongchang§!.\n\n§PZhang§! came to §PShandong§! in 1911, ostensibly to lead the §PShandong Revolutionary Army§!, but quickly made §mgambling§! and §awhoring§! his main activity. §aJinan§! has grown like the §PDogmeat General§! has; filthy, profitable, and less defended than initially planned. Atop §nTai Shan's§! 6,600 steps are the headquarters of the §nYiguandao§!. The mysterious and apparently holy §nZhang Tianran§! has made it the safest and most morally upright place in §PShandong§!. The citizens of §PShandong§! by 1936 have been cornered between disconnected, poverty stricken roads between §aJinan§! and §aWeihaiwei§!. Salvation lies in the nearby §aJinan§! or atop §nMount Tai§!.
§MZhang Clique§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot When a spy for Qu Yingguang is captured, choose to block the roads.\n£white_dot When Mount Tai is outraged at Zhang Zongchang, wait for Zhang Tianran's desperate letters.\n\n§MYiguandao Society§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot When a spy for Qu Yingguang is captured, choose to block the roads.\n£white_dot When Mount Tai is outraged at Zhang Zongchang, confront the ascetics.\n\n§MSociety of Restoring Benevolence§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot When a spy for Qu Yingguang is captured, send men to Qu Yingguang's house.
Emperor, Imprisoned
Benevolence, Restored
Shandong has chosen to intervene in the League War
Shandong
Shandong
Shandong
Shandong Clique
the Shandong Clique
Shandong Clique
the Shandong Clique
Shandong Clique
the Shandong Clique
Shangqing Tianguo
Shangqing
the Shangqing Tianguo
$SHD_national_populist$
$SHD_national_populist_DEF$
$SHD_national_populist$
$SHD_national_populist_DEF$
$SHD_national_populist$
$SHD_national_populist_DEF$
$SHD_national_populist$
$SHD_national_populist_DEF$
League of East Chinese Provinces
League of East Chinese Provinces
the League of East Chinese Provinces
League of East Chinese Provinces
the League of East Chinese Provinces
League of East Chinese Provinces
the League of East Chinese Provinces
League of East Chinese Provinces
the League of East Chinese Provinces
League of East Chinese Provinces
the League of East Chinese Provinces
League of East Chinese Provinces
the League of East Chinese Provinces
League of East Chinese Provinces
the League of East Chinese Provinces
League of East Chinese Provinces
the League of East Chinese Provinces
League of East Chinese Provinces
the League of East Chinese Provinces
League of East Chinese Provinces
the League of East Chinese Provinces
League of East Chinese Provinces
the League of East Chinese Provinces
Nanjing Government
the Nanjing Government
Nanjing Government
the Nanjing Government
Nanjing Government
the Nanjing Government
Nanjing Government
the Nanjing Government
Nanjing Government
the Nanjing Government
Nanjing Government
the Nanjing Government
Nanjing Government
the Nanjing Government
Nanjing Government
the Nanjing Government
Nanjing Government
the Nanjing Government
Nanjing Government
the Nanjing Government
