Ma Clique Focus Tree
RC
Revolutionary Committee
WPUP
Workers and Peasants United Party
NUF
National Unity Front
NDSP
Northwest Democratic Socialist Party
NDA
Northwest Democratic Alliance
NDLA
Northwest Democratic Autonomy League
Xining CA
Xining Civilian Administration
Ningxia CDA
Ningxia Civil Defence Administration
Tianshui MA
Tianshui Military Administration
Xining MA
Xining Military Administration
The struggle for Qinghai is over.
Ma Bufang reigns in Qinghai.
Ma Lin reigns in Qinghai.
Ma Hongkui reigns in Gansu.
Ma Hongkui reigns in Ningxia.
Ma Hongbin reigns in Ningxia.
Ma Biao is in Yushu.
The Northwest Conflict has ended.
§RThe fate of Yushu is on the line with this skirmish, there's no going back from here.§!
§RMa Biao has tragically fallen in Yushu, and will be avenged.§!
§RThe struggle for Qinghai will begin§!
The struggle for Qinghai has begun.
Bufang has §Y51%§! or more control over Qinghai.
§YBufang and Lin will compete to dominate the meeting, it could swing either way.§!
§RThe struggle for Gansu will begin§!
The struggle for Gansu has begun.
§RMa Lin will increase his control over Qinghai by§! §Y5%§!\n
§RMa Lin will increase his control over Qinghai by§! §Y3%§!\n
§RMa Bufang will increase his control over Qinghai by§! §Y10%§!\n
§RMa Bufang will increase his control over Qinghai by§! §Y5%§!\n
§RMa Bufang will increase his control over Qinghai by§! §Y3%§!\n
§RMa Hongkui will increase his control over Ningxia by§! §Y5%§!\n
§RMa Hongbin will increase his control over Ningxia by§! §Y5%§!\n
§RThe Ma Clique will increase its presence over Yushu by§! §Y5%§!\n
§RTibet will increase its presence over Yushu by§! §Y5%§!\n
§RThe Ma Clique will increase its presence over Yushu by§! §Y10%§!\n
§RTibet will increase its presence over Yushu by§! §Y15%§!\n
§RTension in Yushu will increase.§!\n
§YTibet will be unable to raid for thirty days.§!\n
§YThe Yushu Garrison will be deployed under the jurisdiction of the Qinghai Clique.§!\n
£command_power §H20§! £rifle_texticon  §H200§! £manpower_texticon  §H500§!
£command_power §R20§! £rifle_texticon  §R200§! £manpower_texticon  §R500§!
It costs $CP_20_blocked$ to take the decision
The Destruction of Gansu
The Ma Clique sided with the Guominjun during the Anti-Fengtian War, leading to the Guominjun occupation of Lower Gansu, northern Qinghai, and parts of Ningxia. The most effected by far was Gansu, which holds the cliques main way of weapon production, the Tianshui Arsenal. The Guominjun tightened their hold and bled the province dry for its limited resources to fund the war effort, leaving both civilian industry and the arsenal itself lying in ruin. While the Ma betrayal in 1926 managed to limit the damage, Gansu is still effected by the events to this day as Ma Fuxiang focuses his efforts on the affairs within Ningxia and Suiyuan over Gansu.
Reconstruction of Gansu
The Ma Clique sided with the Guominjun during the Anti-Fengtian War, leading to the Guominjun occupation of many northwest provinces. The most effected of them all was Gansu, particularly the south, as the Guominjun tightened their hold and bled the province dry for its limited resources to fund the war effort. While the Ma betrayal in 1926 managed to limit the damage, Gansu is still effected by the events to this day as [XSM.GetLeader] focuses his efforts on the affairs within Ningxia and Suiyuan opium farming over Gansu.
Reconstruction of Gansu
While the Ma betrayal in 1926 managed to limit the damage, Gansu is still effected by the events to this day as [XSM.GetLeader] focuses his efforts on the affairs within Ningxia and Suiyuan opium farming over Gansu. Finally we have turned a corner on combatting opium farming in Gansu, and are making progress towards freeing the people of destructive eastern habits.
Han-Hui Divide
Although Ma Fuxiang's efforts in merging Confucian and Islamic ideals has managed to humanise Hui people to the Han populace within the northwest, the Hui are still largely looked down upon as beasts. It will take many more years of adjustment to truly dispel this belief, so all that can be done for now is wait for their accommodation.
Hui Supremacy
The Hui People must stand up for themselves when faced with encroaching Han imperialism. Our leadership may still require a tactical alliance with the Han people, but it is only a means for preserving our own culture.
Han-Hui Cooperation
The Hui People must put aside their fundamentalist reservations and unite with the Han people in opposition to outsiders. We have proven through combat that we can stand up for ourselves, and the Han now respect our culture.
Stable Government
Ma Lin's government in Qinghai has taken great strides to turn the civil administration into a beacon for good in western China. New government programmes and official roles have been created to more effectively govern the province.
Dispersed Society
Northwest China is generally less concentrated in population compared to the east. Areas like Ningxia, Qinghai, and upper Gansu all have moving populations with few concentrated town populations. One advantage of this is that our people have a history of experience on horseback, along with making arial sabotage on our people more difficult. On the downside, the lack of people willing to settle reduces our already backwards technological capability.
Elite Cavalry
Riders and tribesmen from across the land are at our disposal to deliver devastating charges to the enemies of the Ma Clique.
Traditional Logistics
While we may have been cut off from Western innovations like motorised logistics, China never had the infrastructure to support them anyway. Relying on traditional logistics may not win us any technological awards, but a mule can cross the rugged terrain of this nation easier than a truck.
Opium in Gansu
The Ma Family must face the hard economic truth about China. Until such a day when the market for opium is vanquished and all of China is enlightened by Islam, we must profit from the vices of the Han people.
Enthusiastic Volunteers
Northwestern War Adaptability
Northwestern War Adaptability
Northwestern War Adaptability
Lanzhou Arsenal
Gansu Manufacturing Bureau
Lanzhou General Machinery Plant
Yumen Oil
The Qinghai Struggle
The Southern Ma Clique that currently reigns over Qinghai is in the midst of a rather intense family feud between Ma Lin and Ma Bufang. While there is yet to be outright fighting between the two factions, the standoff between uncle and nephew has become a war of influence, with both sides attempting to court over other family members to their side along with earning the people of Qinghai's trust.\n\n§GMa Lin§! effectively controls §Y[?XSM.XSM_lin_qinghai_control]%§! of the Xining Council.\n§RMa Bufang§! effectively controls §Y[?XSM.XSM_bufang_qinghai_control]%§! of the Xining Council.
Bufang Makes his Move
Ask Yuxiang for Support from the Guominjun
Feng Yuxiang still lies in Shanxi with a decently sized army ready to be moved. Lin and his clique inside of the Xining Council still hold sympathies for his cause and wish to establish connections with him. Whether or not he'll accept their advances is another question.
Hold a Meeting in the Xining Council
Lin while not admired by some in the council still needs to be respected. Summoning a meeting among the council could earn him some respect that he very much needs right now, but it also provides a chance for Bufang to turn it around and dominate the conversation.
Coordinate a Speech
Respect for our regime is desperately needed as Bufang continues to make his own moves, and a speech discussing current issues and how Lin will solve them could earn some respect for us.
Public Donations
Taking some of Lin's personal money and donating it to the people of Xining can help not only gain the sympathy of the people, but some within the council as well.
Council Defection
Bufang's has begun his manoeuvrers once again within the council, using threats, bribes, and vicious rumours to gain favour. He can be expected to continue this activity until the issue of the governorship is finally settled.
Yushu Conflict
Yushu has been a highly contested township between Tibet and the Mas, with the city constantly shifting control ever since the early '30s. While in a status quo for now, both sides are trying to make moves to ensure the town eventually falls into their control. This could however lead to a conflict on an even greater scale then could be expected...\n\nCurrent Yushu Tensions are at: §Y[?XSM.yushu_tensions]§!\n\nMa control of Yushu is: §Y[?XSM.yushu_control]%§!\nTibetan control over Yushu is: §Y[?TIB.yushu_control]%§!
Re-Position Ma Biao in Yushu
Despite Ma Biao resigning from his position of defending Yushu from the Tibetans after our successful intervention in the Tibetan-Sichuanese War, the re-emergent threat of tribesman and raiders makes his presence required once again. However, positioning what is seen as the Hero of the Tibetan War will surely not go unnoticed by our southern neighbours.
Reinforce Ma Biao
While Ma Biao is constantly fighting the Tibetan raids in the south, he needs monthly reinforcement to keep the garrison up. If we fail to him supplied, this might expose an opportunity to the Tibetans to make major gains in the region.
Setup Policing in Yushu
While one of Ma Qi's policies in the Yushu Eight Point Plan was to setup police in Yushu, this was never met before his untimely death. With rising tensions in the town once again, maybe it's time to live up to that promise?
Send Dob Dobs to the Gyêgu Monastery
While one of the 13th Dalai Lama policies was to defend the Gyêgu Monastery, this was never met before his untimely death. With rising tensions in the town once again, maybe it's time to live up to that promise?
Dongxiang Mongol Raid
The small Mongolian population in Qinghai is known for being guns for hire, serving in the Tibetan War on our side. We could employ their help to scout out Tibetan camps to raid.
Golok Raid
The remaining population in Tibet are itching to avenge their massacre by the Ningxia Army. We could employ their help to scout out Ma camps to raid.
Reinforce the Border
While the border between Tibet and Qinghai exists in a legal sense, in reality, this is hardly the truth. The border is a mesh of Tibetan and Chinese controlled zones competing for control. Reinforcing the legitimate border should put pressure on the Tibetan controlled areas.
Reinforce the Border
While the border between Tibet and Qinghai exists in a legal sense, in reality, this is hardly the truth. The border is a mesh of Tibetan and Chinese controlled zones competing for control. Reinforcing the legitimate border should put pressure on the Ma controlled areas.
The three Ma families have cemented their north-western rule for thirty steady years. Siding with almost everyone in China at one point or another, with some Mas even fighting each other for the sake of remaining on the good side of everyone, the Mas are now seen as one of the greatest allies of the new Zhili-led Qing Dynasty.\n\nOf course, not all is well. Ma Fuxiang's heart attack three years ago shook the clique, and a sense of anxiety and unrest has slowly spread ever since. For now, the northwest is peaceful, but its future is less certain than many might like to believe...
GFX_XSM_intro
Introduction to the §PMa Clique§!
The §PMa Clique§! is comprised of a multitude of a §lChinese§! governors who have been serving the §cQing Dynasty§! ever since the 1880s. The §PMa family§! itself is not one giant family, but three that have divided power in the ruling area. The §Pfirst family§! has been overshadowed after the family head, §PMa Anliang§! died in 1918. Now primarily led by the §Psecond§! and §Pthird families§!, the §Pclique§! has had a prosperous reign over its territory since.\n\nThe §lXinhai Revolution§! led to the §PMas§! under §PAnliang§! to initially side with the §cQing§!, but when defeat was inevitable, defecting to the §lrepublic§!. Afterwards forcing both the §PMongols§! to the north and §PTibet§! to the south to recognise the §lRepublic§! as the legitimate government, the §PMas§! kept an air of stability inside Northwest China. §PMa Anliang§! soon died in 1918, with the §Pclique§! being primarily divided in two. The §PMa Clique§! under §PMa Fuxiang§! holding §PGansu§! and §PNingxia§! and the §csouthern Clique§! under §cMa Qi§! based in soon to be §cQinghai§!.\n\nThe §Pclique§! was still somewhat united in who they sided with however, with the §aGuominjun§! soon occupying §Psouthern Gansu§!, forcing the §PMas§! to side with §aFeng Yuxiang§!. After the reality of the §aGuominjun's§! condition became more clear, all the §Pwarlords§! except for a small few defected from their side over to the §PZhili§!.\n\nStaying loyal to the §PZhili§! through the §cQing restoration§! and beyond, the §PMas§! have become trusted figures by most if not all cliques as valid protectors of the northwest intent to keep the land §lChinese§!. Now also ruling over §aSuiyuan§!, known also as §aUlanqab§! by the §PMongols§!, the §Pclique§! prospers as vital members of the §cQing Dynasty§!, ready to fight for what they believe in.
§MMa Lin Retains Control§! ($social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the Qinghai struggle, keep Ma Lin's influence above 50%.\n£white_dot In the aftermath of the Northwest Conflict when Ma Hongbin and Ma Hongkui's conflict escalates, have the Xining Council not support Ma Hongkui, and give full support to Ma Liang to run Ningxia with Ma Hongbin.\n£white_dot Afterwards, leave Ma Hongbin alone in Ningxia, which will leave Ma Lin to remain in charge and the conflict unresolved.\n\n§MMa Bufang Seizes Control§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the Qinghai struggle, increase Ma Bufang's influence above 50%.\n£white_dot In the aftermath of the Northwest Conflict when Ma Hongbin and Ma Hongkui's conflict escalates, have the Xining Council not support Ma Hongkui, and give full support to Ma Liang to run Ningxia with Ma Hongbin.\n£white_dot Afterwards, leave Ma Hongbin alone in Ningxia, which will leave Ma Bufang to remain in charge and the conflict unresolved.\n\n§MMa Hongbin Outmanoeuvres Ma Hongkui§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the aftermath of the Northwest Conflict, have the Xining Council not support Ma Hongkui and not support Ma Liang to run Ningxia with Ma Hongbin, allowing Ma Hongbin to outmanoeuvre Ma Hongkui and rule the Ma Clique from Ningxia.\n\n§MMa Hongkui Outmanoeuvres Ma Hongbin§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the aftermath of the Northwest Conflict, have the Xining Council support Ma Hongbin and his new ways, leaving him the governor of the Ma Clique.
§YMa Hongbin§! will remain in power and the government will not change.\n
The Three Province Plan
Political power in the Ma Clique is split among the provinces of Ningxia, Gansu, and Qinghai. As the trusted guardians of the Northwest, the careful balanced kept between the provinces is critical for the Northwest and all China.
The Qinghai Emergence Scheme
Newly brought under our control, the vast province of Qinghai stands to tip the balance of the power in the region. We must see to both its economic and political development to ensure that it's in our favour.
The Yushu Eight Point Plan
The rural Yushu region of Qinghai remains almost completely undeveloped. While it will require great effort, and possibly anger Tibet due to the deep ethnic divide there, dragging the area into the modern age will yield great rewards for us.
Yushu Regiment Training
To better govern, and perhaps fight in, Yushu, we should hold regular military exercises there. This will anger the Tibetans and some may even flee to Tibet proper, but this is a more than acceptable consequence.
Our National Borders
No part of our nation can be apart from the rest. We must wrest full control over Yushu once and for all, the Tibetans be damned!
Promoting Buddhism
The most controversial point in the Yushu Plan is the promotion of sympathetic Buddhist teachers in Yushu. This promotion takes the form of It is believed this will help turn the tide of public sympathy in our favour.
Restructure Yushu's Government
Yushu's civil government has not convened since the death of the 13th Dalai Lama. It is time to enforce our right to audit the Yushu administrative office, and recommend restructuring.
Reaching Yushu
Yushu's infrastructure is almost entirely unconnected to the rest of the nation. We should fix this glaring problem.
Opening the Wasteland
To encourage development in the vast lands beyond the city of Yushu itself, we should clear natural features which prevent access to several unexploited known resource deposits and reduce the prohibitive cost of exploitation.
Mill Construction
The water mill in Yushu is the focal point of complaints against our administration. As we have been taxing the landowners for several years, and their inability to complete is blamed on us. Ordering soldiers to complete the mill should be to everyone's benefit.
The Xining Government
The power struggle in Qinghai between the legalistic Ma Lin and his nephew, the militaristic and uncompromising Ma Bufang, has boiled over. With its conclusion, order in Qinghai must be re-established.
Going Forward
For too long or nation has sought to be but one cog in the great Chinese machine. While we are undoubtedly Chinese, we must not forget the native inhabitants of our land, the Hui, and the ethos of service which won it.
Reforming Education
The Yihewani order emphasises modern education that is separated from the old Menhuan system. Eastern teachers can be hired to teach in our cities.
Military Schooling for Tibetans
The Tibetan fifth column cannot remain. We should send junior officers to their villages to take command of local schools, ensuring all are endowed with a proper military discipline.
The Seven Expeditions to Golok
The persistent Golok people are one of the main reasons for the tensions with Tibet. A final punitive expedition through Qinghai will oust these Buddhists from the region once and for all.
The Military-Civilian Administration
Ma Fuxiang held the Ma Clique together through the syncopation of the Xining military and Civil government. It is obvious that, in this uncertain time, this union must be preserved for practical governance.
The Industrialisation Project
To sustain our growing armed forces, we will need guns and the ability to produce them en masse. While the arsenals will retain responsibility for finish armaments, new state facilities for the production of intermediaries should be established with state-of-the-art equipment shipped in from abroad no matter the cost.
Staying Put
The deeply principled elder Ma Lin has held onto power. A bright new day dawns on the Northwest and its people, one of true equality between the Han, the Hui, and others.
The Hui Islamic Identity
While we must take care not to antagonise the Han or the other loyal peoples, it is to the west, to Mecca and the house of Islam that the Hui people look to distinguish themselves. We should use this connection to the advantage of all and forge renewed connections with like-minded Islamic nations. Sponsoring their scholars could bring a great boon to the province!
Qi's Natural Successor
Ma Qi's administration taught Ma Lin everything there is to know about governing Qinghai. Now with him in office, the civil government can return to prominence and stabilise the province through delegation.
The People's Governor
Ma Lin's compassion for the people of Qinghai manifests as something resembling a secular governorship, treating the various peoples of Qinghai with respect as citizens rather than subjects.
Assistance in Farming
The three provinces are home to rich, fertile soil, but very little running water. This has put a hard cap on what the people can produce in peacetime, and what we can tax from them. Building aqueducts to farming communities will assist in expanding the farmlands and employ refugees from the east.
Connecting Qinghai
The Qinghai-Lanzhou railway has been a dream of a number of ambitious engineers in our provinces, but as of yet no money has been dedicated to it. This administration is ready to make that dream a reality, and bring a modern necessity to communities in need.
The Reconstruction of Gansu
The devastation wrought by the Guominjun and the reconquest has left Gansu in tatters. As the region's economy and political institutions have recovered at a mere snail's pace, state intervention is needed to get the province back on its feet.
Clearing Space
The empty space left from the destruction is now an opportunity for new growth. Good space and access to running water can be sold to fleeing Chinese as an opportunity to restart their businesses.
Picking Up the Slack
The importation of many consumer goods has been sporadic and prices have risen drastically. We should produce as many of these luxury items as is possible right here at home.
On Our Knees
The glorious generation of the Gansu Braves started as simple farmers that took up arms to defend their homes. We must emulate our heroes and order reservists to volunteer at their farms to feed the people.
Rooting Out Agents
Our rivals remain vigilant and will take any chance to advance their own political position. They and their agents must be found through a concerted effort of the bureaucracy and eliminated.
Consolidating the Administration
The administration of the western provinces is plagued with inefficiencies and conmen. Some provincials even report phony Ambans extorting them for food with their titles. We can collect this latent trust by consolidating our administration and ordering the arrest of phony administrators.
Soldier-Farmers
The cycle of growing and reaping is emphasised in both Chinese literature and the Quran. Both our ideals converge in the soldier-farmer. Our administration has decided to honour exemplary farmers as we do soldiers.
New Developments
The reconstruction of Gansu is not yet complete. With power consolidated, the entire state apparatus can be directed to its betterment, especially the redevelopment of still-heavily damaged urban areas.
Opium Farming
While many argue that opium brought China to its knees, it is undoubtedly valuable. Our regime has struggled to capture sufficient liquid assets through conquests or plunder; we cannot disregard such a robust potential revenue stream for morality's sake alone. Through partnerships with local farms, our regime shall henceforth involve itself with the cultivation of opium.
Raking it In
Our administration has collected the names of illegal opium farmers within our provinces. Instead of a lengthy hunt, desolation of farmland, and weeks wasted. We can instead send confidential soldiers to extort some money from these crooks.
Expand the Tianshui Arsenal
The Tianshui Arsenals' equipment is outdated and in need of modernisation. By expanding the facilities and bringing in equipment from abroad, we'll be able to keep pace with our rivals in the region.
Northwestern Technical Universities
With a new age dawning upon Xibei, it is essential to both our people's security and wellbeing that we keep pace with the rest of the world. Prior efforts to build universities in Gansu and elsewhere will be expanded upon, and new schools specialising in agriculture and engineering opened. Others even with China may neglect the disparate peoples of the northwest, but we have no excuse - we must take the initiative in China's frontier!
Artillery Pieces
With the arsenal expanded, we should begin the development of more advanced artillery. Just as in the last European War, our enemies' lines shall be reduced to rubble.
Resuming Progress
Now that the war is over and the reconstruction is well under way, it's time that we started to look towards our future. With renewed efforts, we'll lay its foundations.
Rebirth
While our administration cannot make whole what was lost, we can bring Gansu into the modern era. With ice cream shops, telegraph offices, and all other modern trappings. The people who survive the next few years of national struggle will live happily.
Fuxiang's Legacy
Though his soul has passed on, the harmonious status quo that he built and the Han-Hui divide he began to mend after so long, make forever without parallel. As we have protected this legacy from hostile elements within and without, we must now build upon it.
The Kind General
Ma Hongbin has ascended to the forefront of the Ma Clique. He seeks moderate reform including the devolution of power and forging new ties with the other states of China.
Summoning the Provincial Council
The Councils of Ningxia, Gansu, and Qinghai have operated autonomously for far too long. These inefficiencies come when the councils have the ability to nullify one another's orders. In order to ensure the Governor's orders are followed, the provisional councils must be drawn to the capital.
An Alliance of Warlords
The warlords of China share a mutual distrust, and are unwilling to assist each other against foreign invaders. The Governor believes that, despite this distrust, a petition to promise the Chinese people a unified china in their lifetimes can engender some compassion, at least towards us.
Earning Their Respect
The Governor has prepared a selection of fine gifts to the warlords of China, each item chosen to remind the warlord of the Ma Clique's essential role in keeping China whole.
Making New Friends
It is difficult for the Hui people to interact with the other provinces as equals. Stigma against Muslims pervades intellectual circles. It is time for our administration to publish warm advertisements for our provinces and entice those who are open minded to come.
Dealing with Old Enemies
The turmoil of the warlords has left our administration with many enemies. Even within the families there are those who would see us subservient again to Beijing or Guangdong. It is necessary for a master list of these agitators to be made and kept for our own reference.
The Hard General
Ma Hongkui has triumphed in the struggle for political primacy. A hardliner, he folds fast to the ideas and style of rulership of Hongkui.
Eliminating Socialists
Socialism flows into China from the southern ports, thanks to the decadent Europeans. We steel ourselves against the Soviets before, but new ways of reaching socialism bleed into Sun Yat-sen thought. We must ensure that copies of these books are all banned in our provinces.
Dual Provincial Rule
Being a family, we are able to organise organically and sort responsibility fairly. This has led the administration towards a Dual Provincial system, Like the Diarchy of the Southern provinces, final authority is shared between two governors that balance each other.
No More Threats
Tianshui lacks natural defences which would shield it from invasion and the threat of invasion has limited our foreign policy options. We should build a network of heavy fortifications to mitigate the issue.
Ningxia's Mobilisation
Ningxia is the beating heart of the Hui people. While our control there is firm, there is more still that can be done to encourage militarisation and public service.
The Baojia System
The logical extension of familial governance is the Baojia system. This tradition has been revived by the administration in order to delegate law keeping. Ten Hui families will dedicate themselves to a goal within their community, and each family attempts to persuade ten families to subordinate to them. This will also help enfranchise immigrants.
Consolidating Finance
The Governors' budgets are turning up short each year. The solution presented to the administration is to consolidate the treasuries and accounting offices of the provinces and allocate remaining budgets in the best interest of the Hui people.
Mobilise the People
With open warfare upon us, previous considerations for the impact of general mobilisation upon the economy no longer hold sway. We must implement as thorough a policy as can be sustained.
Sending the Cavalry
Hui cavalry men won great renown in the last century and our own men carried that tradition on when order broke down in China. With war upon us we should develop a new training regimen drawing on these experiences to press our advantage.
Leading the Charge
The Gansu Braves of old led the charge against foreigners in China's darkest hour. It is in the interest of national unity that the Governors revive the banners of the braves.
The Ningxia Guard
Ma Hongbin is a staunch supporter of special forces like those used to such great effect during the Weltkrieg. To accomplish the development of such, a new divisional structure has been proposed. This structure designates special units as 'guards' responsible directly to individual political and military chiefs outside the stifling bureaucracy of the army as a whole.
Saving the Suffering
While much of China is densely populated, the northwest is anything but. To conserve what manpower we can, individual divisions must have western style field hospitals with western-trained nurses and doctors conscripted for the training of those who will work in the field.
Ma Clique
Ma
the Ma Clique
Xibei San Ma
Xibei San Ma
Xibei San Ma
Xibei San Ma
Xibei San Ma
Xibei San Ma
Xibei San Ma
Xibei San Ma
Xibei San Ma
Xibei San Ma
Xibei San Ma
Xibei San Ma
Xibei San Ma
Xibei San Ma
Xibei San Ma
Xibei San Ma
Xibei San Ma
Xibei San Ma
Xibei
Xibei
Xibei
Lanzhou Government
the Lanzhou Government
Lanzhou Government
the Lanzhou Government
Lanzhou Government
the Lanzhou Government
Lanzhou Government
the Lanzhou Government
Lanzhou Government
the Lanzhou Government
Lanzhou Government
the Lanzhou Government
Lanzhou Government
the Lanzhou Government
Lanzhou Government
the Lanzhou Government
Lanzhou Government
the Lanzhou Government
Lanzhou Government
the Lanzhou Government
Xibei
Xibei
Xibei
Yinchuan Government
the Yinchuan Government
Yinchuan Government
the Yinchuan Government
Yinchuan Government
the Yinchuan Government
Yinchuan Government
the Yinchuan Government
Yinchuan Government
the Yinchuan Government
Yinchuan Government
the Yinchuan Government
Yinchuan Government
the Yinchuan Government
Yinchuan Government
the Yinchuan Government
Yinchuan Government
the Yinchuan Government
Yinchuan Government
the Yinchuan Government
Xining Council
§YBackground:§! §LThe Xining Council is an institution that consolidated the southern Qinghai faction of the Ma Clique, with Ma Qi using Xining as his base of operations. His successor, Ma Lin, has ruled with a relatively light hand, deferring to the decisions of the various Hui leaders in Qinghai. Although de jure they do not have authority over the regions ruled by the northern factions (known as the Gansu faction), in practice the Xining council serves as a sort of counterweight to Ma Fuxiang's powerful influence over the Hui clans.\n\nAs Ma Fuxiang's health begins to fail and trouble abounds, the Xining Council will likely be forced to arbitrate disagreements between his successors in Gansu and Ningxia, not to mention the unresolved tensions following Ma Qi's death in 1931. The Ma Clique's decentralised nature allows for more autonomous decision making and allows for multiple centres of powers to emerge, though not always for the better.§!
Liu Zhidan
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 4th, 1903, in Bao'an County, Shaanxi Province, Qing Dynasty§!
Ma Lin
§YBorn:§! §L1876, in Hezhou, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMa Lin is the son of famous Kansu Brave Ma Haiyan, who with Ma Fuxiang fought the Eight-Nation Alliance in 1900. Growing up in a confluence of Han and Hui influence in Gansu, Ma Lin allied himself with the Xidaotang Hanafi Muslim sect. Ma Lin often served as a mediating influence in the first two decades of the 20th century to the more radical Ma family members, including Ma Zhongying. Ma Lin was able to repulse Ma Zhongying's raids in Gansu during the Ma-Guominjun war. Ma Lin succeeded his brother, Ma Qi, as Governor of Qinghai following his death in 1931. This appointment greatly displeased his nephew, Ma Bufang, who voiced his own qualifications for Governorship. Ma Lin's work as Governor saw the expansion of Qinghai into Amdo in 1935, garnering praise from the Ma families. By the end of 1935, Ma Lin had formulated a plan with Ma Fuxiang for integrating Yushu into Qinghai proper, but this was cut short by Ma Fuxiang's death.§!
Ma Hongbin
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1884, in Hezhou, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMa Hongbin grew up in the shadow of his father, Ma Fulu, who gave his life against the Eight-Nation Alliance in 1900. Unlike his father however, Ma Hongbin chose to protect a Christian mission in San Daohe and received the Order of Leopold for this action after the Boxer Rebellion. Early during the Warlord era, Ma Hongbin made overtures to ally with the KMT, sending General Chiang Kai-shek a notification of his new governance of Ningxia in 1920. Unexpectedly, Chiang in 1921 requested Ma Hongbin open Ningxia up to Han settlements, which would violate the autonomy of the Hui. Ma Hongbin officially denounced Chiang in 1925. Unfortunately for Ma Hongbin, Ma Hongkui became agitated at Ma Hongbin's relations with the KMT, and denounced Ma Hongbin as a Socialist spy publicly in 1930. This rivalry was interrupted by the Ma-Guominjun war, which saw Ma Hongkui fighting alongside Ma Hongbin against Feng Yuxiang. Ma Hongbin has recently been alienated for his failure to stop the rouge warlord Ma Zhongying from recruiting raiders in Ningxia.§!
Ma Fuxiang
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 4th, 1876, in Hezhou, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMa Fuxiang is considered one of the founders of the Ma Family Clique that has cemented itself in the Northwest. Serving like many others in his family under Dong Fuxiang, he made a name for himself in the Boxer Rebellion by serving in the Kansu Braves. By the dawn of the Xinhai Revolution, he and his nephew Ma Hongbin protected Catholic Missions while figures like Ma Anliang fought in the name of the Qing against the republicans. While Anliang managed to secure victories during the revolution, the inevitable fall of the dynasty caused Anliang and the rest of the family to declare loyalty to the republic. Anliang passed away shortly afterwards, leaving Fuxiang as the unifying figure of the northern Ma Clique. Fuxiang is primarily committed to ensuring that they do not lose their position in the Northwest. Before he knew it, he and the rest of the family were siding with the Guominjun as they occupied lower Gansu in a bloody campaign. This didn't last for long however, as he with the rest of the family following him betrayed the Guominjun and sided with the Zhili, an allegiance that has lasted Fuxiang nearly a decade at this point. Being named governor of Gansu and Suiyuan, Fuxiang's constant allegiance switching finally paid off.\nNow leading a more peaceful life, Fuxiang holds a key role in the Northwest. Being the head of the Tibetan and Mongol Affairs Commission, he oversees relations with these two rather hostile groups. On top of this, his new mission is \
Ma Bufang
§YBorn:§! §L1903, in Hezhou, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMa Bufang is the younger brother of Ma Buqing and the son of Ma Qi, and served alongside them in the Qinghai Army starting in 1915. This appointment was approved by the Beiyang Government in 1919, and allowed Ma Bufang to enhance his reputation. Ma Bufang studied Islam during his army tenure, becoming familiar with the Dongguan Mosque and Ma Wanfu's Yihewani before his promotion to General. Ma Bufang followed Ma Fuxiang's allied Guominjun until their betrayal, receiving the brunt of the family's ire for his lack of conviction to fight the Guominjun directly. After Ma Lin was appointed Governor of Qinghai in 1931, Ma Bufang dove deeply into his Muslim devotion, officially endorsing the Yihewani in 1933 as the premier patriotic form of Islam. Ma Bufang has a less-than-committal relationship with Ma Hongbin and Ma Hongkui, as Ma Bufang personally admires Ma Zhongying's fighting spirit while denouncing his betrayal of the family.§!
Ma Hongkui
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 9th, 1892, in Hanchiachi, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMa Hongkui is the son of the 'Hero of the Northwest', Ma Fuxiang. Ma Hongkui graduated from Gansu Military Academy in 1909, and aligned with the Xinhai Revolution in 1912. Ma Hongkui declared himself a 'Bandit Suppression Commander', which initially put him inside the Guominjun as part of Ma Fuxiang's alliance with the clique. When Feng Yuxiang betrayed Ma Fuxiang, Ma Hongkui brutally purged his Brigade of Guominjun as part of the Ma-Guominjun war. Following the destruction of Gansu, Ma Hongkui doubled down in his opposition to the KMT, going so far as to denounce Ma Hongbin for his prior association with them. Ma Hongbin's struggle during the early 1930s was balancing the Governorship of Gansu he inherited from his father with the economic woes brought by Han immigration.§!
Ma Biao
§YBorn:§! §L1885, in Hezhou, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAnother young soldier in the Kansu Braves, Ma Biao took an active role against the Eight-Nation Alliance in favour of the Qing when he escorted them to Xi'an. Ma Biao was promoted to Brigadier Commander in the Qinghai Army at the start of the 1935 war with Tibet, where he lead a valiant defence of Yushu against the Tibetan army. Ma Biao's victory was followed by a brutal retribution against the Golok people, whom he deemed traitor to the Mas. Ma Biao oversaw the desolation of Golok towns, and declared this a stepping stone to the growth of the Dongxiang people, whom he fought alongside. Ma Biao returned to Qinghai, where many residents despised him for his massacre. Ma Biao was saved by his commendations for bravery and his newfound alliance with Dongxiang Imam Ma Wanfu, leader of the Yihewani.§!
Ma Dunjing
§YBorn:§! §L1906, in Hezhou, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe third son of Ma Hongbin, Ma Dunjing has served under Ma Hongkui's Bandit Suppression Army, and was greatly affected by Ma Hongkui's ideology. Like most Ma warlords, however, Ma Dunjing is easily able to conform to new allies in the interest of national unity.§!
Ma Zhongying
§YBorn:§! §L1910, in Hezhou, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMa Zhongying is the black sheep of the Ma families, and has earned this reputation well. Ma Zhongying followed in the footsteps of his older relatives and entered into military service at just 14. At age 17, Ma Zhongying shocked his family by deserting the Battle of Gansu against Feng Yuxiang, taking with him his cavalry unit north to Ningxia. The ensuing decade has seen Ma Zhongying attempt to carve out his own fiefdom out of the eastern Ma provinces, his only ally his distant cousin Ma Hushan. Ma Zhongying's sole core belief is in the Xiaodatang school of Islam, has caused him to target Khufiyya mosques in a bid to promote his beliefs through sectarian violence.§!
Ma Hushan
§YBorn:§! §L1910, in Hezhou, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMa Hushan, like his brother-in-law Ma Zhongying, has long sought influence to the west in Xinjiang. Unlike his brother however, Ma Hushan lacks the willingness to betray his family for this goal. Serving under Ma Hongbin, Ma Hushan has grown weary of the conflicts that plague the western provinces, and longs for national unity.§!
Ma Jiyuan
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 18th, 1921, in Hezhou, Gansu Province, Republic of China§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe youngest commander in the Ma family, Ma Jiyuan serves under his father, Ma Bufang, in order to bring his father glory within the Ma Clique. Ma Jiyuan has focused his efforts in the Qinghai Army on modernising their cavalry brigades, hoping they are able to overcome vast distances to the North should the need arise.§!
Ma Buqing
§YBorn:§! §L1901, in Hezhou, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe older brother of the controversial Ma Bufang, Ma Buqing also served under his father in the Qinghai Army. Unlike his brother, Ma Buqing received an expensive education in classical Chinese, which ultimately made him unsuitable to lead the ethnically centred conflict against the Tibetans in 1935. Ma Buqing served under Feng Yuxiang during the Ma-Guominjun alliance, and was burned politically by their betrayal.§!
Han Youwen
§YBorn:§! §L1912, in Xining, Gansu Province, Republic of China§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHan Youwen is the sole Salar Turkic commander in the Ma Clique, and earned his place thanks to his father's service in the Gansu Braves. Han Youwen serves under Ma Bufang, and relies on Ma Bufang's Islamic-modernist tendencies in order to stay relevant in the Hui-dominated clique.§!
Ma Bukang
§YBorn:§! §Lin Gansu Province, Great Qing§!
Yang Zuorong
§YBorn:§! §L1901, in Lintao County, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!
Ma Liang
 §YBorn:§! §Lin Linxia County, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!
Hu Songshan
§YBorn:§! §L1880, in Pingyuan County, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!
Ma Burong
§YBorn:§! §L1912, in Linxia County, Gansu Province, Republic of China§!
Ma Xiantu
§YBorn:§! §Lin Hezhou, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!
Tian Jiongjin
§YBorn:§! §L1899, in Qingcheng County, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!
Zhou Zhikai
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 10th, 1919, in Luan County, Zhili Province, Republic of China§!
Hero of the Northwest
Honesty and Sincerity
Brutality and Schemes
The Hard General
The Kind General
