[SIA.GetSIAshortname] Focus Tree
Socialist Regime in Siam
German-Leaning Regime in Siam
The Iron Field Marshal
§LBeing known for his charismatic and cunning leadership since his interwar years in Burma, it is no surprise that Phibun would eventually land himself on top of the pecking order. His obsession for total control of the state affairs and his attitude of side-lining the monarchy earned him another nickname - \
The Paternal Despot
§LInspired by Sukhothai's era notion of Pho Khun (Patriarchal rule) and Ayuthaya's despotic rulership, Sarit felt such ruling style fits his political taste the best. He viewed himself as the foremost leader to guide the country through its \
Paternal Despot's Close Confidant
§LHis majesty the king is now properly put back on the throne, mimicking Ayuthaya's despotic rulership-style of the past. Whether if the king himself is personally involved with Sarit Thanarat's rise to power, we will never know for sure.§!
The Prancing Knight
§LOne simply does not rise to the top position without deceit and deception - Phao lacks neither and is ready to smack down any opposition utilising both trickery and his own heavily militarised police forces in tow.§!
The Musketeers
§LThis officer is regarded as one of modern Siamese General Staff \
Chaiseri Metal & Rubber
Thairung
Bangkok Dock Company
[SIA.GetSIAcementcorp]
Siam Aeronautics
[SIA.GetProperAdjective] Aviation Industries
Tanin Industrial Company
Small Arms Factory
Military Explosives Factory
Chulalongkorn University
Ford [SIA.GetSIAshortname]
[SIA.GetSIAprefixEN] State Railway of [SIA.GetSIAshortname]
[SIA.GetSIAprefixEN] [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Air Force Workshop
B.Grimm
[SIA.GetProperAdjective] Fuel Department
Black Monday
Also known as the 1936 Berlin Stock Market Crash. Our industrial exports have suffered as our foremost trading partner, Germany, has fallen into recession.
Recovering from Black Monday
Our industrial exports have suffered due to the German recession, but we are slowly starting to recover.
Economic Stabilisation
Black Monday's effect on the economy is now receding and our exports have begun to recover.
Military Budget Cut
Rama VII has, under pressure from the cabinet, agreed to cut the military budget from around 25% to 10% of our annual budget.
Bloated Bureaucracy
Ever since modernisation began during Rama V's reign the bureaucracy has expanded at an alarming rate. As a result, it is too large and slow to respond to quick changes.
Reorganised Bureaucracy
Our bloated and over-large bureaucracy has gone through a series of austerity measures aimed at reducing redundancy in low-level positions, bringing greater efficiency.
Reorganised Bureaucracy
Our bloated and over-large bureaucracy has gone through a series of austerity measures aimed at removing unnecessary high-level management, bringing greater efficiency.
Consolidated Bureaucracy
Many of our redundant bureaucratic departments are currently being consolidated and streamlined to better serve the public, bringing greater efficiency.
National Reserves Act
All able-bodied [SIA.GetProperAdjective] men must complete two years of compulsory national military service and will remain subject to recall until the age of 55.
Airport Authority of [SIA.GetSIAshortname]
The [SIA.GetSIAairportAcronym] is responsible for coordinating international and domestic flights within [SIA.GetProperAdjective] airspace, in addition to maintaining civilian airports.
Expanded Air Industry
[SIA.GetProperAdjective] Aviation Industries is an entity separate from the [ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Air Force Workshop, it is hoped that their newer and more innovative outlook will produce authentic [SIA.GetProperAdjective] aircraft.
Protector of the Skies
Two-Ocean Navy
Defence Technology Institute
Satisfied with their most recent project; the old artillery research division will now be expanded and put in charge of other fields of military research, ensuring our armed forces at the cutting edge.
For the Motherland!
We must ensure the protection of all land under our control. We, the [SIA.GetProperAdjective] people, were born and bred on this land and must defend it: for our families and future generations.\n§GThis combines all the ideas on this national focus branch.§!\n
Suranaree Corps
The Suranaree Corps is an all-women corps, formed by the RSA in an attempt to replace manpower lost from recent heavy fighting.
Yuwachon Taharn
Yuwachon Taharn is a reserve officer cadet training programme, aimed at improving the combat performance of new recruits.
National Curriculum Act
By standardising the education system according to a national curriculum we can ensure the improvement of literacy rates nationwide.
[ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] Military Academy
By merging the [ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Army Cadet School (est. 1887) with the [ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Army Polytechnique Institute, the newly created \
Industrial Mobilisation Plan
Created as an emergency plan to help the state better deal with war, our industrial mobilisation plan allows us to increase our industrial output by around 10%.
Taharn Pran
Taharn Plan is a unit that specialises in the field of information-gathering and will surely help further the [SIA.GetProperAdjective] war effort.
Counter-insurgency Tactics
Based on the already developed Taharn Pran concept, our new counter-insurgency tactics can be used to hunt down and silence domestic dissidents.
Weapon Standardisation Programme
By legally standardising all military firearms for the same ammunition our struggling armaments factories can churn out weapons at a much faster rate.
Prefabrication Method
$SIA_siam_cement$ researchers have mastered the prefabrication method, which has allowed us to greatly increase our building speed. This will, in turn, further the [SIA.GetProperAdjective] war effort.
Tiger Economy
The fast-growing and emerging economy of [SIA.GetSIAshortname], which is oriented towards free trade and free market principles, is now well-known across the globe!
Communal Farming
Instead of allowing the unemployed to remain idle we should send them back into the countryside, which will help reduce our reliance on foreign imports.
Self Sufficiency Economy
The Sufficiency Economy Philosophy is a philosophy based on the fundamental principles of [SIA.GetProperAdjective] culture, which are: moderation, prudence, and social immunity. This philosophy uses both knowledge and virtue as guidelines for living.
Export-Orientated Rice Production
The best way to cope with the disastrous economic situation right now is to increase exports.
Granary of the World
[SIA.GetSIAshortname] has always had a strong tradition of rice production. We have the fifth-largest amount of land globally diverted to rice cultivation efforts and are now aiming to become the world's largest exporter of rice.
Reformed Judiciary
Our laws are now modernised to better reflect and work with our modern society. Gone are the days of barbaric and draconian Ayutthaya-era laws.
Centralised Police Command
With the [ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Police command now under the direct control of the Prime Minister more funding has been diverted towards the organisation to increase its effectiveness.
[SIA.GetSIAintAgencyName]
[SIA.GetSIAintAgencyName] stands for the \
[SIA.GetProperAdjective] Compensation Money
Premier Plaek Phibunsongkhram has offered monetary compensation for the seizure of our industrial assets in [SIA.GetSIAshortname].
Faltering Political Movement
With each passing day, our political movement becomes more and more unpopular with our people. We are on the losing side of the civil war.\n\n§W$MODIFIER_ARMY_ORG_FACTOR$:§! [?SIA_MORAL_LEVEL|R%1]\n§WAttack:§! [?SIA_MORAL_LEVEL|R%1]\n§WDefence:§! [?SIA_MORAL_LEVEL|R%1]\n§W$MODIFIER_SUPPLY_CONSUMPTION_FACTOR$:§! [?SIA_SUPCON_LEVEL|R%1]\n§W$MODIFIER_ARMY_MORALE_FACTOR$:§! [?SIA_MORAL_LEVEL|R%1]
£pol_idea Faltering Political Movement
Social-Democratic Reforms
Prachathipat Reforms
Kijsangkhom Reforms
The Modern [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Nation
The impact of the blood, sweat, and tears we have spent to revitalise [SIA.GetSIAshortname] can be clearly seen throughout the nation.
A Socialist Regime Established
Socialist Reforms
A Socialist Stronghold
Absolutism Re-established
Absolutist Reforms
Modern Absolutism
Ensuring Loyalty
Our nation was torn apart by military leaders, who saw their personal interests as more important than our nation's. We must strive to ensure this does not happen again.
Reconstruction
The civil war has ended and now is the time to lick our wounds and rebuild.
Ratthaniyom Reforms
Buddhist Traditions
By uniting both Mahanikai and Thammayutthanikai sects, as well as the minority of Mahayana Buddhism, in our country under a single Supreme Patriarch, the national unity of our people will increase.
[SIA.GetProperAdjective] War Reparations
War Reparations
Shortage of Skilled Engineers
Planning alone doesn't get new highways constructed, especially when the engineering students we sent abroad haven't returned home yet and others are busy elsewhere.
Major Cities Electrified
All major cities in [SIA.GetName] are now electrified, ready to supply the burgeoning industry.
Countryside Electrified
Most of the rural areas are now connected to the electrical grid, with power shortage now becoming thing of the past.
The constitution drafted by King Prajadhipok has been passed by the Apiratthamontri Sapha
The Khana Ratsadon's Coup d'état happened
Hard-line conservatives now take control of the country
Field Marshal Plaek Phibunsongkhram shall lead us through these hard times!
No civil disturbance within the [SIA.GetKingdomOrRepublicCap]
An open rebellion has taken place in our nation
Hard-line socialists now take control of the country
Post-Civil War Reconstruction
Province-level Administration is already implemented in this state.\n
Local Police Forces are being reinforced in this state.\n
Civil Service are being expanded in this state.\n
This will thoroughly purge those officers who held rebel sympathies and will result in the loss of talented commanders.\n\n
We will grant amnesty to those who are deemed salvageable, or who were forced to act against us involuntarily during the rebellion. However this will result in some civil unrest.\n\n
This will lower the risk of a successful rebellion against [SIA.GetSIAshortname] by separatists.\n\n
Prajadipok's democratic reforms are successful
Has moved the capital from Bangkok.\n
§YRoyal titles§! will now be discarded.
§YRoyal titles§! will now be reinstituted.
§YRoyalist§! forces will be deployed.\n
§YSeparatist§! forces will be deployed.\n
§YGovernment§! forces will be deployed.\n
§YParliamentarian§! forces will be deployed.\n
Any/All gets '§YTractors§!' until §Y31 December 2035§!, giving the following effects\nFarming Efficiency: §G+50%§!\n\n
§GThis will unlock additional Infrastructure Building decisions as soon as the Department of Transportation is created§!\n
The Civil War has already ended.\n
Major bureaucratic reorganisation is in progress.\n
Still experiencing economic repercussions from Black Monday.\n
\n§ROnly the current government's bonus will be active should other parties have implemented these policies before.§!\n
\n§GThis National Spirit's bonus will adapt accordingly should the government changes.§!\n
Ratcha Anachak
Sataranarath
Ratcha
Rattha
Provisional Royal
Constitutional
Siamese
Thai
Siam
Thailand
AAS
AAT
Siam Cement
Thai Cement
SDSI
TDSI
RSN
RTN
Replace §H$SIA_reorganization_idea$§! with §H$SIA_industrialmobilizationplan$§!\nEffective change:\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: [?-0.03|+=%]\n$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: [?0.05|+=%]\n$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_FACTORY_MAX_EFFICIENCY_FACTOR$: [?0.05|+=%]\n$MODIFIER_INDUSTRIAL_CAPACITY_FACTOR$: [?0.1|+=%].
Replace §H$SIA_conscription_bonus$§! and §H$SIA_defensetechnologyinstitute_idea$§! with §H$SIA_salacheepphurchard_idea$§!\nEffective change:\n$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: [?0.10|+=%]\n$MODIFIERS_ARMY_CORE_ATTACK_FACTOR$: [?0.10|+=%]\n$MODIFIERS_ARMY_CORE_DEFENCE_FACTOR$: [?0.10|+=%].\n\n§GThis combines all the ideas on this national focus branch.§!\n
Every owned core state
We have accepted the Siamese exile's plea for liberation.
§YPhao Sriyanond§! becomes leader for the §YNational Populist§! and §YPaternal Autocrat§! parties.\n§YPhao Sriyanond§! gains:\n   §YThe Prancing Knight§!\n§gOne simply does not rise to the top position without deceit and deception - Phao lacks neither and is ready to smack down any opposition utilising both trickery and his own heavily militarised police forces in tow.§!\n  - §W$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_GAIN$§!: §G+0.05§!\n  - §W$MODIFIER_GLOBAL_NON_CORE_MANPOWER$:§!: §G+2.00%§!\n  - §W$MODIFIER_FOREIGN_SUBVERSIVE_ACTIVITIES$§!: §G-30%§!\n\n
§YSarit Thanarat§! becomes leader for the §YNational Populist§! and §YPaternal Autocrat§! parties.\n§YSarit Thanarat§! gains:\n   §YThe Paternal Despot§!\n§gInspired by Sukhothai's era notion of Pho Khun (Patriarchal rule) and Ayuthaya's despotic rulership, Sarit felt such ruling style fits his political taste the best. He viewed himself as the foremost leader to guide the country through its \
§GFirst public elections will be held within the next 12 months.§!\n
§GFirst public elections will be held within the next 3 months.§!\n
§GFirst public elections will be held within the next 30 days.§!\n
§RMartial law will be put in place for the next 2 months to curtail political instability.§!\n
§RPerhaps our little democratic experiments have failed us all...§!\n
Upon our withdrawal from the war:
§RAccepting this will put us at odds with our faction leader!§!\n
Our current country name is Thailand.\n
Our current country name is Siam.\n
§YRecovery Progress§! is increased by $RIGHT|G0$, current progress is [?SIA_reform_progress|Y0]
Pak Kommunist Siam
Pak Kommunist Siam (Communist Party of Siam)
Pak Kommunist Thai
Pak Kommunist Thai (Communist Party of Thailand)
Pak Sahachip
Pak Sahachip (Labour Party)
Khana Sahakarn Siam
Khana Sahakarn Siam (Syndicalist Party of Siam)
Khana Sahakarn Thai
Khana Sahakarn Thai (Syndicalist Party of Thailand)
Pak Sangkhomniyom
Pak Sangkhomniyom (Socialist Party)
Pak Kijsangkhom
Pak Kijsangkhom (Social Action Party)
Pak Prachaseri
Pak Prachaseri (Liberal Party)
Pak Prachathipat
Pak Prachathipat (Democrat Party)
Aphirattamontri Sapha
Aphirattamontri Sapha (Supreme Council of State)
Khanagummakarn Ratsadon
Khanagummakarn Ratsadon (People's Council)
Khana Ratsadon
Khana Ratsadon (People's Party)
Khana Patirupt Siam
Khana Patirupt Siam (Siamese Reformation Group)
Boworadet Clique
Boworadet Clique
Khana Gubarn Gumueang
Khana Gubarn Gumueang (National Salvation Front)
Khanagummakarn Sapha Patiwat
Khanagummakarn Sapha Patiwat (Revolutionary Parliamentary Council)
Khana Pokpong Prachathipatai
Khana Pokpong Prachathipatai (Democracy Protection Front)
Pak Seri Manangkhasila (ST Clique)
Pak Seri Manangkhasila (Sisao Thaewet Clique)
Pak Chart Sangkhom
Pak Chart Sangkhom (Social Nation Party)
Pak Seri Manangkhasila
Pak Seri Manangkhasila (Seri Manangkhasila Palace Clique)
Pak Seri Manangkhasila (SR Clique)
Pak Seri Manangkhasila (Soi Ratchakhru Clique)
Pak Chart Thai
Pak Chart Thai (Thai Nation Party)
Seized Our Factories
Initially neutral during the Great War, Siam joined the Central Powers at the last minute in 1919 to regain Champassak and the inner Cambodian lands along the Mekong Line. Siam nonetheless became embroiled in the 36th Siamese-Burmese War with the newly independent state of Burma in 1928. The great Siamese nation was able to defeat the Burmese successfully, and it was only with German and Japanese diplomatic intervention was an agreeable ceasefire was reached. Now, as the year 1936 dawns, the Siamese nation continues to enjoy peace, prosperity, and stability, with King Prajadhipok hoping to unveil Siam's first constitution.
GFX_SIA_intro
The Kingdom of [SIA.GetSIAshortname] in 1936
One of the countries that benefited from German victory during the Weltkrieg, [SIA.GetSIAshortname] regained most of its former land which had previously been lost to the western imperialists. While [SIA.GetSIAshortname]'s relationship with the Huns is, in general, cordial, the fact that they thwarted her expansionist ambitions during the 1929 Intervention in Burma has strained diplomatic and military ties between the two. If [SIA.GetSIAshortname] should reconcile with the Germans or align itself with others power is a matter to be decided in the coming decade.
The State of Politics
Ever since the coronation of King Rama VII in 1925 most, if not all, of the policies set forth within [SIA.GetSIAshortname] have been dictated by the Aphiratthamontri Sapha (Supreme Council of State). This is a council made up of the King's older siblings, who have continually worked to consolidate their power while keeping the power of the king over the nation weakened. Despite promising the [SIA.GetProperAdjective] intelligentsia that a codified constitution would be issued any reform has been tough to pass, as it would be against the interests of the nobility.\n\nSurrounded by enemies, such as the Burmese Republicans to the west, Yunnanese bandits to the north, and the German imperialists to the east, [SIA.GetSIAshortname] is in a dire situation. It will either perish, forever confined to the pages of a history book, or shall reform itself and emerge a modern state, be it by negotiation or by force.
The Kingdom's Many Other Problems
While seemingly economically and industrially prosperous to outside eyes, [SIA.GetSIAshortname] is actually very reliant on investments made by Germany and must cherish the economic ties it shares with the nation. Industry is a very fragile and small section of the economy, which is mainly built around rice, sugar, and timber exports. Nationalism among ethnic minorities has been rising, which raises the spectre of separatist movements in the near future. Moreover: the bloated bureaucratic system, which has been present since the reign of Rama VI, has siphoned off much needed taxes and thus allowed for bandits to continually run wild in the fringes of [SIA.GetSIAshortname].
§MPrajadhipok's Reforms§! ($social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot During Black Monday, have a recovery progress of 5 or more.\n£white_dot You will get to choose which of the parties you want to be in power.\n£white_dot Alternatively: reduce the tensions enough during the Yellow Dossier affair, or have Phibun choose to repeal martial law.\n\n§MTo get any path below, start with:§!\n£white_dot During Black Monday, have a recovery progress of 4 or less\n£white_dot The Khana Ratsadon will carry out a coup.\n£white_dot During the \
§YWe will be able to embark on a comprehensive infrastructure overhaul programme once the manpower issue is solved.§!\n
Prajadhipok's Reforms
The ongoing economic crisis offers the perfect opportunity to enact new reforms, as the old guard and nobility within our nation will be panicking and willing to support our initiatives... or will they?
Formation of the Ratthasapha
To aid with the modernisation of [SIA.GetSIAshortname] we must begin to reform the inefficient bureaucracy that was formed during the period of absolute monarchy. The Anantasamakhom Throne Hall has been deemed a suitable location for the new Ratthasapha (parliament) building and will allow more people to participate in the development of [SIA.GetSIAshortname].
Half-Leaf Democracy
The strong guiding hand of the monarch over the nation is required to counter the ever-approaching syndicalist tide. By granting more power to the King and allowing him to appoint the Prime Minister, alongside immunity from persecution through the law, we can guarantee stability in the long run. This will, however, dissatisfy the liberals.
Tour the Nation
In order to better learn about our subjects and the problems they face, and to increase their trust in the monarchy, the King shall personally tour the nation.
Royal Project Foundation
A commission, which shall be called the Royal Project Foundation, must be created in order to monitor and receive feedback concerning the issues facing the common people.
A Devoted Monarchy
By working closely with our subjects towards further agrarian and development we've managed to gain the support of those living in rural areas. This will serve as a deterrent against the red phantom haunting our government.
Yellow Cover Dossier
Luang Praditmanutham (Pridi Phanomyong) has drawn up somewhat socialist proposals aiming to resolve the inequality problem within [SIA.GetProperAdjective] society, he has so far enjoyed popular support from the peasants. The nobility is vehemently objecting to this plan. Perhaps a deal with the devil can guarantee the safety of our nation from the syndicalist menace?
Nationwide Land Reform
Much land owned by the nobility lies fallow across the country, serving no purpose. We may be able to rapidly increase productivity by redistributing these lands to unlanded peasantry. This will, however, provoke the land's owners.
The Five-Year Plan
Ambitious long-term plans have been drawn up for industrial development and infrastructure construction in rural areas, this will put us well on the road to becoming a Siwilai (civilised) nation.
State Welfare
By providing welfare to our citizens using the state funds, we can ensure that all of the [SIA.GetProperAdjective] people will receive access to proper medical care, education, and other support. This will, however, come with the trade-off of high taxes which will alienate the capitalists.
A Liberal [SIA.GetSIAshortname]!
Sawaet Piampongsarn, a graduate from Rayong who studied law, is currently the leader of the liberal/progressive faction within the Ratthasapha. Taking inspiration from the Japanese-style of democracy during the Taisho era, he has promised to deliver the people both peace and prosperity.
Land of the Free!
Having emerged victorious from the election, one of Piampongsarn's first initiatives is to enact a policy that will promote equal rights within the nation and recognise the Laotian, Mon, Malay, Chinese, and Cambodian peoples; alongside the native [SIA.GetProperAdjective] people.
A New [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Society
Additional classes concerning the civic duties of each citizen have been added to the national curriculum and are now compulsory, ensuring that every citizen can fully and equally participate in Piampongsarn's vision of a democratic society.
Progressive Measures
The progressives have enacted measures which give women the right to vote, alongside mandating that their pay be equal to that of their male counterparts. The regulation of monopolies and corporations using anti-trust laws has also been implemented to promote equal competition and discourage monopolies.
A Modern [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Nation
Our nation has progressed rather far from what it once was. We are no longer a nineteenth century backwater but are, in fact, a modernised nation at the forefront of progress. This does not mean we shall stop here; we will continually strive to better ourselves and the nation. Long live [SIA.GetName]!
Khana Ratsadon Coup d'état
'... The King governs without principle. The country is left to the mercy of fate, as demonstrated by the current depression and hardship... The People's Party has no wish to snatch the throne, hence it invites the King to retain the position. But he must adopt a constitution to legitimately govern the country...'\n- excerpt from the Khana Ratsadon Manifesto
The Iron Field Marshal
Plaek Phibunsongkhram, previously titled 'Luang Phibunsongkhram', whom of which gained fame during the [SIA.GetProperAdjective] intervention in Burma, now faces the monumental task of keeping the nation together and safe from the dissident threat.
Yuwachon Taharn
The Yuwachon Taharn (Youth Militia) is a reserve officer cadet training programme, which aims to better the combat performance of new recruits. By ensuring that every able-bodied man understands how to properly wield and use a rifle we can increase the quality of our army.
Nationalisation of Foreign Industries
[SIA.GetSIAshortname] will need everything she can get in order to stand up on her own in this ever-turbulent world. We will either purchase all foreign factories within our nation or, if left with no other choice, seize them by force. These factories shall be nationalised and used to help further our industrialisation programme.
The Ratthaniyom Decrees
Thaification policies have already begun to take effect. Thai script is now standardised for usage; Betel chewing has been banned; the central Thai language is being enforced in schools nationwide and Chinese/Muslim schools who have not been compliant with our demands have been shut down. In addition, the new national anthem is being promoted to further the new Thai identity.
Reapproach the Monarchy
Following the assassination of Plaek Phibunsongkhram, Sarit Thanarat has managed to take control over both the armed forces and the government in quick succession. To move towards his ideal of Patiwat (revolution) and institute the guiding principle of 
Buddhist Traditions
The promotion Theravada Buddhism as the national religion, to further national unity, shall begin with the establishment of a single Supreme Patriarch for both the Mahanikai and Thammayutthanikai sects; alongside the minority of Mahayana Buddhists within the nation. This will, however, dissatisfy the Muslims who reside in the south.
Creation of the Republic
Following the assassination of Plaek Phibunsongkhram, Phao Sriyanond has managed to take control over both the armed forces and the government in quick succession. Viewing the monarchy as an archaic relic and disliking the status of the monarchy during Phibunsongkhram's tenure, Sriyanond believes that the old system should be discarded in favour of a republic.
Lessons of the Civil War
The toll taken on [SIA.GetSIAshortname] from the civil war has surpassed even the Burmese invasion of Ayutthaya in 1765, it is clear that we must learn from this mess if we are to further ourselves as a nation.
The Prestigious Senate
The Wutthisapha (Senate), which bears a close resemblance to the British House of Lords, has been introduced with the intention of allowing the King to appoint loyal and experienced advisors. This will also allow him to halt the passage of some of the more radical bills proposed by elements within the government.
Privy Council Reforms
With the Supreme Council of State possessing the ability to dictate the King's policies from behind-the-scenes, perhaps we should look into reforming the old Privy Council? This would allow us to bring in like-minded figures to jockey for influence against the nobility, potentially dethroning them as the true power in our nation.
Empower the Nobility
By modernising the outdated nobility system into one that is based off of the ideals of meritocracy, as opposed to simply abolishing it, we may be able to achieve our dream of bringing about a more efficient bureaucratic system.
Father Governs Children
We will harken back to the Sukothai era, the reign of the benevolent King Ramkamhaeng the Great, by allowing our subjects to voice their issues directly to the Privy Council. This will have the added bonus of assisting with the resolution of several issues in a much more efficient manner.
Rise from the Ashes
We must undertake a broad and sweeping construction programme, to restore not only the nation itself but the spirit of our people as well. We will honour the sacrifices made by our allies and all of those who had rallied behind us during our darkest hour.
Issuing Amnesties
From the brutality of the civil war we have seen that we need to unify the people to guide the nation through this period of calamity. Therefore, we have decided to grant amnesty to the officers who fought against us. While this may result in some unrest these traitorous officers continue to remain important to us, thus their assistance is necessary.
Military Purges
The turbulent upheavals of the civil war have taught us that traitors are behind every corner and must be rooted out, thus we shall rid ourselves of all of the officers who fought against us. While this will negatively affect our operational capacity, their deaths will allow us to consolidate power in the long run.
Ensuring Loyalty
In order to avoid the possibility of a rebellious military we must ensure that the surviving armed forces are loyal to both the government and the people, not subversive outsiders and revolutionaries.
The People's Assembly
How can it be that in the twentieth century ours remains a feudal nation? Inspired by the heroic revolutionaries of France, past and present, we shall establish a new government that will root out the aristocracy for the proletariat and peasants.
Our Faith in the Star
To ensure that our revolution truly bears fruit we must spread our doctrine to the masses and bring them the hope and assurance of a brighter future ahead. The red star must shine bright and help guide them through these gloomy times.
New [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Order
The Krating Daeng (Red Gaurs) Paramilitary Group has been created by the government, to root out the remaining opposition of capitalists and nobles. Once we are rid of them, we can surely transition to more peaceful ways.
Arunothai
In order to ensure the protection of the new system we must sacrifice everything within our power, we can promise the people nothing but blood, toil, tears, and sweat. The red dawn shall ensure both warmth and unity, destroying any capitalists who dare try and destabilise our glorious nation!
Governmental Reform
As it stands the current bureaucratic system is oversized, especially considering the size of [SIA.GetSIAshortname]. Not only does this make it inefficient but it also continues to drain a larger portion of our budget as the years pass. Undertaking reformation should be a top priority.
Judicial Reform
While the archaic Ayutthayan era laws are no longer in place we must regain the jurisdiction rights we lost after the ratification of the Bowring Treaty to boost our prestige worldwide. By doing so, we will make our judicial system much more effective.
Centralised Police Command
Following the Weltkrieg our police command has become paralysed as it is comprised of a mix of German, Italian, and American employees. By slowly replacing them with [SIA.GetProperAdjective] graduates, and merging the metropolitan and regional police command, we can ensure greater efficiency from our police force.
[SIA.GetSIAintAgencyName]
The '[SIA.GetSIAshortname] Department of Secret Intelligence' (also known as the Samnak Khaokrong Haeng Chart) shall ensure the maintenance of stability throughout the nation by handling and keeping track of both domestic and foreign intelligence.
National Curriculum Act
While Rama V and Rama VI enacted laws in favour of bringing education to [SIA.GetSIAshortname], we should begin to focus on the quality of this education. Primary education shall now be lengthened to six years while education shall be made compulsory until Grade 12. Harmful material, such as syndicalist or separatist propaganda, shall also be heavily monitored.
Creation of Regional Universities
In order to support our nation we must first create a strong educational foundation. Through the creation of regional universities, in Chiang Mai, Khonkaen, and Hat Yai (Songkhla), higher education will be made more affordable for people who live far away from Bangkok.
King Mongkut's Institute of Technology
Named after a [SIA.GetProperAdjective] king, who was known for his monumental scientific feats, this specialised research facility shall vastly increase our research capability while also harnessing the top minds [SIA.GetSIAshortname] has to offer.
Initial Economic Stabilisation
Following the immediate aftermath of the economic crisis, which has been dubbed Black Monday, it has been made clear that there are many weaknesses within our economy and that we must take steps to remedy the situation.
Kickstart Local Businesses
Through providing local businesses with government loans, or assisting them with whatever else they may need, we can ensure that economic activity within our country occurs not only on the national scale but on the local scale as well.
Bailout $SIA_siam_cement$
By providing bailouts to $SIA_siam_cement$, the largest cement and building material company in [SIA.GetName], we can ensure that the company stays afloat and avoid any further negative impacts on our economy.
Chiang Mai Oil Discovery
Crude oil was first discovered in the Fang district, specifically Chiang Mai, in 1921 but was never properly exploited. The current economic crisis has driven up the price to record levels and any instability in the region might cut us off from our imported sources in Palembang. Becoming more self-reliant may well help improve our struggling industrialisation as well.
Rayong Refineries
Formerly the 'Department of Fuel Acquisition' in the Ministry of Defence, a newly created state-owned enterprise will ensure that the oil within our nation is better managed and that we can more effectively refine what we drill.
New Construction Methods
By adopting new construction methods we can work towards the gradual industrialisation and economic development of [SIA.GetName].
Contracts with Chaiseri
Founded as a civilian truck part company, Chaiseri has gained some insights into heavy machinery production and wants us to fund their armoured car project as a testbed for future combat vehicles.
Southern Rubber Plantations
Exploitation of the rubber plantations in the south should be considered a vital national industry in this day and age and can help us stimulate trade as nations around the world look for sources beyond Singapore.
Thairung's [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Cars
By investing in new car models we can promote personal mobility and develop vehicles for military use.
Prototype Tank Design
We must bring together all of the brilliant military minds that [SIA.GetSIAshortname] possesses and fund the creation of a prototype tank design, harkening back to the prototype built during Rama VI's reign, to help stimulate our armaments industry while also gaining an edge over any potential enemies.
The Petrochemical Department
By creating a new authority for the extraction of coal, oil, lignite and tar we can ensure that the process of refining and processing of petroleum is better managed and more efficiently carried out.
New Forestry Concessions
By opening up virgin forests in the north to the logging companies, we can hopefully provide more jobs in the northern parts of the country. This will assist in job creation in the frontiers while providing the badly needed timber for public work projects elsewhere.
Tungsten Mines in Nakhon Si Thammarat
Tungsten is an incredibly crucial resource that allows for production of modern electronics and the creation of new industrial tools.
Exploit Kanchanaburi's Iron Reservoir
Exploiting the 'iron reservoir' in Kanchanaburi will provide a vital source of iron for the nation's strategic interests and help to galvanise the growth of domestic steel.
Expand the Loei Iron Mines
Expanding the iron mines in Loei should be a top priority, as productive of iron ore and steel is vital to a modern economy. Additionally, this will help to reduce unemployment and keep people working.
Tiger Club Economy
Through our policy of economic revitalisation via investment into key industries, alongside new research methods, we have managed to massively increase the wealth of our people and the nation.
Agricultural Mechanisation
Rice paddy uses over half of the arable land in [SIA.GetName], yet it consists mainly of peasants farming small areas and producing modest amounts of rice. By providing cheap, low-interest loans for the purchase of tractors and modern equipment we can free some of these farmers from the rice fields and send them to the factories instead, without compromising crop yields.
Agricultural Cooperatives
While the first [SIA.GetProperAdjective] co-op was created back in 1916, co-ops themselves aren't a common sight among rural communities yet. By persuading rice farmers to pool their savings together and organise into co-ops they will have enough money to buy the badly needed farming equipment in these hard times and obtain greater bargaining power against the rice merchants.
A Communal Approach
Rice is central to [SIA.GetProperAdjective] society. Our farmers have long resisted to government intervention and embraced egalitarian methods, exchanging labour with other farmers to cover their needs. By focusing on these aspects of [SIA.GetProperAdjective] society and encouraging further cooperation among the farmers, we can ensure better livelihood in rural communities.
Model Farm Initiative
By creating 'Model Farms' throughout the country, where rice farmers can study new farming techniques and crop diversification, farmers can improve how they utilise their lands and thus greatly increase output.
Economic Self-Sufficiency
Our plans to boost rice cultivation have worked incredibly well so far, and a dizzying amount agricultural surplus is available. We can now fully focus on our industrialisation plan.
Export-Oriented Rice Production
Rice is central to [SIA.GetProperAdjective] society. Rice production normally does not amount to much more than the farmer needs to survive, leaving very little to profit from. If necessary, we can collaborate with large rice merchants and mills to supply a market pressure for more production, or we can simply obligate the farmers to produce more by reintroducing income tax for rice farming.
Rice Subsidy Scheme
By creating incentives for those farmers who have accomplished huge increases in their rice output and allowing peasants to own the land they've cleared for agricultural purposes we can provide simple market incentives to cultivate more land and increase crop yields.
Granary of the World
We're now one of the largest rice exporters in the world, even if the peasantry does feel a touch exploited.
National Highway Commission
The expansion of Route 3 (Sukhumvit Road: Bangkok - Rayong) and Route 1 (Vachiravut Road: Bangkok - Lopburi) has been considered by the government for some time now - with the creation of the National Highway Commission perhaps things will progress more smoothly.
[ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Army
First formed in 1874, as a response to new security threats brought in by the 1855 Bowing treaty (which opened us to international trade), the army is the oldest and largest branch in the [ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Armed Forces, fulfilling its role as the protector of our sovereignty.
Phibunsongkhram's Reforms
The [SIA.GetName] will adopt a doctrine based on the advice of Luang Phibunsongkhram (Plaek Phibunsongkhram). Being well known for his translation of an Austrian Weltkrieg-era Field Artillery manual into Thai, he advocates for a centralised and well-equipped army with the usage of artillery being the main focus.
Seriroengrit's Reforms
The [SIA.GetName] will follow the advice of Luang Seriroengrit (Jarun Rattanakul Seriroengrit), the leader of the Phayap Army who fought off numerous cross-border raids from Burma post-British Revolution. His doctrine emphasises the usage of a decentralised regional army command, composed mainly by militias. Similar to that of Switzerland.
Phahonphonphayuhasena's Plan
The [SIA.GetName] will adopt the proposals of Phraya Phahonphonphayuhasena (Phot Phahonyothin). Studies at the Hauptkadettenanstalt during his younger years and experience of the German General Staff's work during the Weltkrieg have convinced him that proper planning is the key to victory.
Jungle Combat Training
The harsh jungles of Indochina have long been a graveyard of empires, friend and foe alike. We must train all our troops to better operate in such hostile conditions.
Suranaree Battalion
While 'Ja-Khlone', female palace guards, have been a common sight in the inner palace since the Ayutthayan era having female soldiers in active combat is on another level altogether. Luang Phibunsongkhram (Plaek Phibunsongkhram) himself has voiced limited support for the petition, but the question is still up in the air. Pursuing such measures is sure to anger traditionalists.
Asymmetrical Warfare
By analysing the tactics employed by the Vietnamese in the Saigon Uprising -which quickly became the Indochinese Rebellion- and some of Luang Chumnanyutthasart (Phin Choonhavan)'s exploits in Shan back in 1928, we can gain some insight into effective placement of troops and how to fight in urban terrain.
New Standard Rifle
The old Type 46 Siamese Mauser is prone to malfunction in our hot and humid climate, perhaps it's time to get a replacement?
Artillery Research Divisions
Lead by Luang Wichitsongkhram (Jira Wichitsongkhram), the new artillery research division is responsible for designing our own native artillery to reduce the demand for imported artillery in the army.
Defence Technology Institute
Satisfied with their most recent project; the old artillery research division will now be expanded and put in charge of other fields of military research, ensuring our armed forces at the cutting edge.
For the Motherland!
Our ancestors have shed so much blood on this piece of land now called [SIA.GetSIAshortname], we shall make sure that their sacrifices aren't in vain.
Expand Support Team Capacity
'Taharn Chang' (Combat Engineers) and 'Taharn Khonsong' (Logistics Teams) are what kept our army working for so long during the Weltkrieg, let's give them better tools so that they can fulfil their role in a modern war.
Army Reorganisation
Our army currently uses various rifle and artillery models, which has proved to be a logistical nightmare. By adopting a unified ammunition size for each gun type and phasing the old ones out or rechambering them to fire the new 8x52mmR Siamese rimmed cartridge, we will considerably help our supply issues.
Special Warfare Command
Modelled after the German Luftlandetruppe and the Austrian Gebirgstruppe, 'Krom Songkhram Pisaet' will be responsible for recruiting and training our new specialised units capable of disrupting the enemy from behind their lines.
Counter-Insurgency Tactics
Our Taharn Pran units have shown some success in detecting enemy infiltration on our border, perhaps they can also act as our eyes and ears in occupied zones too?
Taharn Pran
Also known as '[SIA.GetProperAdjective] Rangers' in English, Taharn Pran is a paramilitary light infantry unit of the [ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Army composed of volunteers who are trained to patrol the borders. They act as a quick response force in case of foreign invasion. Local volunteers also make sure that we will always have the terrain advantage over the enemy.
[ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] Military Academy
By merging the [ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Army Cadet School (est. 1887) with the [ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Army Polytechnique Institute, the newly created \
[ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] Munitions Factory
Having enemies on all sides, [SIA.GetSIAshortname] nearly used up all her artillery shells during the Weltkrieg, with no means of being freshly supplied. This has resulted in a massive supply of artillery shells being hoarded by the paranoid logistics department over the years, but additional ammunition factories would definitely help us in the event of prolonged conflict.
Industrial Mobilisation Plan
In the times of war, key industries will temporary be put under government control to ensure our nation's survival. While this has proved to be unpopular, it will keep our army adequately armed and increase our chance of winning this war.
Integration of the Police Command
Police General Phao Sriyanond suggests that we should elevate the police force to the same level as the other 3 branches of the [ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Armed Forces. This will result in a more efficient organisation in case of emergency and extra funding for the under-armed police forces, but will also involve them taking a much larger cut of our tax money than ever before.
The National Reserve Act
'... All men aged between 18-45 with [SIA.GetProperAdjective] citizenship is required to be registered at their local barracks and finish their basic training course at least once, not doing so can result in being court marshalled by the Army...'\n\n-excerpt from 2484 B.E. the National Reserve Bill
[ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Navy
Established in 1887, the [SIA.GetSIAnavyName] has similar organisational structures to the United States Navy, since it is composed of both the naval fleet and the [ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Marine Corps. It was also the second Asian nation to acquire submarines, after Japan.
Expand the Navikkayothin Corps
Although 'Taharn Ma-Rine' were first founded back in 1833, the unit served mostly as a royal honour guard throughout the 19th century. It was not until 1913 that the [ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Marine Corps were reorganised into the modern \
Improved Landing Craft
The [ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Marine Corps currently use ex-British merchant ships we seized back in the Weltkrieg as their only mean of transportation. Having dedicated amphibious landing ships will make sure that our boys can embark and secure the beachhead faster.
A New Flagship
As we are seriously outgunned by our neighbours having something that can reliably punch through battleship armour might be a good idea. This will also provide our seamen a sense of pride and accomplishment.
Coastal Defence Ships
While these heavily armed cruisers are no match against German East Asiaflotte or Imperial Japanese Navy, and have limited capability in the high seas, they will surely serve our cash-strapped navy well, especially in the island-dotted coastal waters of both the Gulf of [SIA.GetSIAshortname] and the Andaman Sea.
Riverine Patrol Units
Both the Salween and Mekong rivers serve as our natural fortification against enemy advances. By sending our promising junior captains to learn from their brown water counterparts they can learn a lesson or two about naval organisation.
Chumphon-Class Destroyers
Named after late Admiral Prince Abhakara Kiartivongse, Prince of Chumphon, these new destroyer design will serve well as the backbone of our [SIA.GetSIAprefixTH]navi.
The S-Ships Project
These 'Ruea-Sor's were first envisioned by late Mahidol Adulyadej, Prince of Songkhla, who studied at the Marineschule Mürwik, as 'essential' to the defence of Bangkok and by extension the Gulf of [SIA.GetSIAshortname]. While we have procured four small submarines for the first line of defence; continuing the second phase of the plan, which entails another 5 submarines for the outer defensive line, might be a good idea.
A Two-Ocean Navy
Our navy is perhaps too small to face the Kaiserliche Marine or the IJN head-on. Some additional funding would definitely help.
Expand Sattahip
Sattahip was first built as the [SIA.GetSIAnavyName]'s main naval base back in 1914. As the base is quite small and already reaching its support capacity limit, expansion of its facilities is definitely in order.
Convoy Hunting
Being surrounded by bigger and more heavily armed navy, Admiral Luang Yutthasartkosol (Prayoon Yutthasartkosol) suggests we play hide-and-seek with the enemy fleet instead of facing them head-on. All the while sniping them from afar with our torpedoes.
Fleet in Being
Being surrounded by bigger and more heavily armed navy, Admiral Luang Kamolnavin (Sindhu Kamolnavin) wants us to get all the firepower we can get to knock the enemy battleships out of the fight and, if possible, sink them.
[ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Air Corps
First founded in 1913 as the Royal Flying Corps, our flyboys have helped us achieve numerous victories by assisting us from the sky. We will therefore once again rename the [ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Aeronautical Service to the [ROOT.GetSIAprefixEN] [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Air Corps.
Airport Authority of [SIA.GetSIAshortname]
Construction of additional state-owned airports can help us kick-start our own national carrier airline and serve as airbases for our Air forces.
Air Raid Preparations
Luang Athuekthewadet (Boonjeam Komolmit)'s has conducted a conclusive study: creation of a dedicated anti-air defence corps will help safeguard the capital and other place of importance from enemy aerial attacks.
[SIA.GetProperAdjective] Aviation Industries
By investing in [SIA.GetProperAdjective] Aviation Industries, previously in charge of our Air force maintenance, they will be able to contribute more to the war effort with their own locally-designed planes.
New Fighter Design
Our own Prajadhipok fighter has been proved to be obsolete for modern war. Under Luang Wechayanrangsarit (Munee Mahasantana)'s leadership our design bureau will help us create the much-needed air power.
Naval Bomber Focus
Being between the Indian and Pacific Ocean and with a long coastline it makes perfect sense to develop specialised naval bombers...
Close Air Support Focus
Our own fighter and bomber support on the ground has proved to be inadequate - maybe a dedicated CAS plane with both mobility and proper armament is needed?
Tactical Bomber Development
Our own Boripatr bombers, designed by Luang Wechayanrangsarit (Munee Mahasantana), served well as testbed aircraft for our own design bureau but not in actual combat. Let us use our own know-how to design proper bombers suited for modern combat.
Continued Air Development
With its increasing importance out air force needs to continue to develop its combat tactics, to be better prepared for the future.
Project Phi Fa
Inspired by the Laotian \
Electronics Research
The Advent of 'Khanittakorn', a computing device made by Tanin Industry, will tremendously help our war efforts.
Protectors of the Sky
Like Garuda we shall be one of the best air forces in the region, with power to swiftly go anywhere. Ever watchful and an enemy of those who dare to attack us.
Emergency Capital Relocation
Bangkok is placed strategically on the Chao Phraya's river mouth, suitable for trade and seaborne communication. Sadly, in the field of modern warfare this puts it at risk of naval invasion. Temporary moving our capital north to Chiang Mai will keep our bureaucracy and chain of command safe a while longer.
Move Capital Back to Bangkok
As the situation has calmed down let's move our capital back, to where it truly belongs.
Join the Internationale
Following the revolution, Siam finds itself increasingly isolated regarding international affairs, a precarious situation considering our unpredictable, if not outright antagonistic, relationship with our neighbours, as well as the always present danger of imperialist encroachment upon our nation. Taking into consideration the circumstances, it has been proposed by some voices in our government that we should join our comrades in the Internationale, as they have succeeded in their revolution so far and are a growing presence in the global stage. However, some have disparaged the idea, citing that doing so would jeopardise our independence.
Negotiate Peace with the Enemy
The war has turned from the bad to the worse. This may be the only option to save us from total annihilation...
[SIA.GetProperAdjective]-Burmese War
Victory in Taunggyi
As the chief city and capital of the Southern Shan States during the British occupation, the capture of Taunggyi would both serve well as a supply centre and a springboard for the subjugation of Burma.
Victory in Mandalay
As the royal capital of the Konbaung dynasty and the commercial nexus in Upper Burma, the conquest of Mandalay and its surroundings would send a firm message to the Burmese people of the [SIA.GetProperAdjective] ascendency.
Victory in Taung-Ngu
The origin of the \
Victory in Yangon
\
Victory in Mawlamyine
Known as \
Victory in Kengtung
Kengtung acts as the centre of the [SIA.GetProperAdjective] administration in their section of the Shan states, the capture of Kengtung should be able to convince other Shan princes to join our side.
Victory in Chiang Mai
As the \
Victory in Dawei
As a stronghold in the Tenasserim region for centuries and one of Burma's southernmost port, it is our duty to welcome our brethren back to the fold.
Resume Research Funding
Now that we have enough money in our coffers, it's time to restart many of our research project we were forced to abandon during the onset of Black Monday.
Change our name to Thailand
A campaign, supported by ministers within the government, military leaders and the nationalist intelligentsia, has proposed the renaming of our nation from Siam to '[GetSIAcountryTH] Thai', the [SIA.GetKingdomOrRepublicCap] of Thailand, after our main ethnic group, the Thai people.
Change our name back to Siam
Advocate by many people from all over our country - they've proposed the renaming of our nation back to Siam as the new name causes some controversies among the Chinese, Malay and Laotian minorities while also diminish our country's prestige abroad.
Tarutao Correction Centre
22 Kilometres from the Satun Coast and being in the middle of the Shark-infested area, the island of Tarutao ('Fresh Water Gulf' in Malay) has been selected by the Department of Corrections as the new facility site for holding political prisoners who are deemed to be threatening to the new regime's stability.
Reclaim Left Bank of Mekong
§RWe shall retake what was rightfully ours! No border shall separate us from our brothers on the other side of the river.§!
Infrastructure Investments
Hire Skilled Foreign Engineers
Our own people who we've sent abroad won't return anytime soon... let's finally hire foreign engineers to speed up the basic infrastructure construction plan.
Expand the Prajim Highway - Phase 1
Also known as the Chedi Sam Ong Road, we shall begin the construction of the Route 5 Highway from Kanchanaburi to Morlumlerng.
Expand the Vachiravut Highway - Phase 2
Also known as the Phibunsongkhram Road, we shall begin the construction of the Route 1 Highway from Lopburi to Chiang Rai.
Expand the Vachiravut Highway - Phase 3
Named Ratchawong Road after the Prince of Lampang who partly fund the project, we shall begin the construction of the Route 1 Highway from Chiang Rai to Chiang Tung.
Expand the Vachiravut Highway - Phase 4
Named Suay Thek Road after the Saopha of Yawnghwe who partly fund the project, we shall begin the construction of the Route 1 Highway from Chiang Rai to Tong Jee.
Expand the Chaiyakon Highway - Phase 1
Also known as the Sud-bantad Road, we shall begin the construction of the Route 2 Highway from Bangkok to Nakhon Ratchasima.
Expand the Chaiyakon Highway - Phase 2
Also known as the Janejobtid Road, we shall begin the construction of the Route 2 Highway from Nakhon Ratchasima to Nongkhai.
Expand the Chaiyakon Highway - Phase 1
Also known as the Viangchan Road, we shall begin the construction of the Route 2 Highway from Nongkhai to Luang Prabang.
Expand the Sukhumvit Highway - Phase 2
Also known as the Yommarat Road, we shall begin the construction of the Route 3 Highway from Chonburi to Prachankirikhaet.
Expand the Sukhumvit Highway - Phase 3
Also known as the Aphaiwong Road, we shall begin the construction of the Route 3 Highway from Prachankirikhaet to Phnom Penh.
Expand the Phetkasem Highway - Phase 1
Also known as the Srichumporn Road, we shall begin the construction of the Route 4 Highway from Bangkok to Chumporn.
Expand the Phetkasem Highway - Phase 2
Also known as the Kanchanavanit Road, we shall begin the construction of the Route 4 Highway from Chumporn to Satun.
Expand the Phetkasem Highway - Phase 3
Also known as the Alor Setar Road, we shall begin the construction of the Route 4 Highway in the Sirat Malai areas.
Electrify the Nation
While Bangkok and its surrounding area are firmly electrified since 1884 by the Wat Lieb and Sam Sen power plant - outside coverage is spotty at best i.e. Ratchaburi, Nakhon Prathom, Prachinburi, Phuket, Nakhon Nayok, Chon Buri, Ban Phong, Chanthaburi and Chiang Mai.\n\nThe construction of power plants in Isan and Southern region should be able to stimulate the creation of manufacturing hubs outside of Bangkok.
Continue the Electrification Programme
Due to the rapid growth of electricity demand from both the household and industry sector, power shortage become an everyday occurrence as of late. Perhaps we should step up our power output by allocating more budget for the Metropolitan and Provincial Electricity Authority (MPEA) for the construction of additional power plants.
Territorial Integration
§OMonthon Thesapiban system§!, while not without its flaws, allows for flexible integration of existing governance under [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]'s watchful eyes.\n\nWhile not necessarily required, we can invest extra resources to §Chasten the integration process§! for these newly reacquired lands.
§OImplement Municipal Reforms§! in [From.GetName]
By redrawing administrative boundaries in [From.GetName] and replacing the High Commissioner position with Provincial Councils, local issues are more likely to be heard and acted upon.
§YReinforce Local Police§! in [From.GetName]
By supporting local police forces, be it in terms of manpower or training, [From.GetName] would now be a safer place for both local citizens and our newly transferred bureaucrats, who are working to centralize our hold in the region.
§GExpand Civil Service§! in [From.GetName]
By expanding civil service access in [From.GetName], the lifes of those who lived here are more and more connect to those who live elsewhere in [SIA.GetSIAshortname] than ever before.
§CIntegrate§! [From.GetName]
With the liberation of [From.GetName], we shall §Creintegrate them back into our country§! again.
Unlock repeatable §YReinforce Local Police§! and §GExpand Civil Service§! decisions for this state.\n
This decision is repeatable and will reappear.\n
£rifle_texticon §H250§! £command_power §Y10§!
£rifle_texticon §R250§! £command_power §R10§!
It costs $SIA_250_inf_10_CP_blocked$ to take the decision
Diplomatic Matters
Secure Bangkok
In order to secure our faction's legitimacy in the civil war, the beating heart of the Siamese nation needed to be under our control. Failing to do so would be a huge blow to our cause.
Our army's §R$MODIFIER_ARMY_ORG_FACTOR$§!, §RAttack§!, §RDefence§!, §RSupply Consumption§!, and §RDivision Recovery Rate§! deteriorates weekly.\n\n
Siam
Siamese
Siam
Siamese People's Democratic Republic
the Siamese People's Democratic Republic
Socialist State of Siam
the Socialist State of Siam
Socialist State of Siam
the Socialist State of Siam
Kingdom of Siam
the Kingdom of Siam
Kingdom of Siam
the Kingdom of Siam
Kingdom of Siam
the Kingdom of Siam
Kingdom of Siam
the Kingdom of Siam
Kingdom of Siam
the Kingdom of Siam
Kingdom of Siam
the Kingdom of Siam
Kingdom of Siam
the Kingdom of Siam
Siam
Siamese
Siam
Siamese People's Democratic Republic
the Siamese People's Democratic Republic
Socialist State of Siam
the Socialist State of Siam
Socialist Republic of Siam
the Socialist Republic of Siam
Republic of Siam
the Republic of Siam
Republic of Siam
the Republic of Siam
Republic of Siam
the Republic of Siam
Republic of Siam
the Republic of Siam
Republic of Siam
the Republic of Siam
Republic of Siam
the Republic of Siam
Republic of Siam
the Republic of Siam
Thailand
Thai
Thailand
Thai People's Democratic Republic
the Thai People's Democratic Republic
Socialist State of Thailand
the Socialist State of Thailand
Socialist Republic of Thailand
the Socialist Republic of Thailand
Kingdom of Thailand
the Kingdom of Thailand
Kingdom of Thailand
the Kingdom of Thailand
Kingdom of Thailand
the Kingdom of Thailand
Kingdom of Thailand
the Kingdom of Thailand
Kingdom of Thailand
the Kingdom of Thailand
Kingdom of Thailand
the Kingdom of Thailand
Kingdom of Thailand
the Kingdom of Thailand
Thailand
Thai
Thailand
Thai People's Democratic Republic
the Thai People's Democratic Republic
Socialist Republic of Thailand
the Socialist State of Thailand
Socialist Republic of Thailand
the Socialist Republic of Thailand
Republic of Thailand
the Republic of Thailand
Republic of Thailand
the Republic of Thailand
Republic of Thailand
the Republic of Thailand
Republic of Thailand
the Republic of Thailand
Republic of Thailand
the Republic of Thailand
Republic of Thailand
the Republic of Thailand
Republic of Thailand
the Republic of Thailand
Parliamentarian Siam
Siamese Parliamentarian
Parliamentarian Siam
Royalist Siam
Siamese Royalist
Royalist Siam
Prajadhipok
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1893, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPrajadhipok, also known by his regnal name Rama VII, was enthroned as King of Siam upon the death of his brother in 1925. Unprepared for kingship, having previously been far down the order of succession, he is essentially a puppet of the Supreme Council of State run by his cousins. Educated abroad and commissioned in the British Army, Prajadhipok nonetheless genuinely cares for his people and works diligently to improve his subjects' lot.§!
Ananda Mahidol
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 20th, 1925, in Heidelberg, Grand Duchy of Baden, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAnanda Mahidol, known by his regnal name Rama VIII, has ascended to the Siamese throne following the death of his uncle, Rama VII. Ananda Mahidol was once considered a very unlikely candidate for the throne, being barely a teenager and of low birth. He originally held the rank of 'Mom Chao', making him among the lowest of Siamese princes. Despite his youth and inexperience, he has quickly won the hearts of the Siamese people. Foreign observers, however, believe that he did not really want to be king that his reign would not last long.§!
Bhumibol Adulyadej
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 5th, 1927, in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBhumibol Adulyadej, known by his regnal name Rama IX has ascended to the Siamese throne following the mysterious death of his late brother, Rama VIII. Bhumibol Adulyadej has so far proven himself much more politically competent than his late brother, navigating the convoluted Siamese political landscape with seeming ease. Many speak of Bhumibol Adulyadej as the saviour of the once embattled Siamese monarchy.§!
Chula Chakrabongse
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 28th, 1908, in Mueang Phra Nakhon, Monthon Krungthep, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LChula Chakrabongse, the half-Ukrainian grandson of King Rama V, has been installed as king of Siam. Chula Chakrabongse lived an eccentric life of leisure in Britain and later Austria before becoming king and has delegated nearly all of his royal duties in favour of his passion for both horse and automobile racing.§!
Paribatra Sukhumbhand
§YBorn:§! §LJune 29th, 1881, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LParibatra Sukhumbhand, uncle to expected successor to the Siamese throne Ananda Mahidol, has seized control of the Siamese government, citing Ananda's inexperience and his age. With the full support of the Privy Council, he has crowned himself as King Rama IX, firmly establishing the Boripatr cadet branch as the new ruling house.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 29th, 1881, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!
Chumbhotbongs Paribatra
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 5th, 1904, in Mueang Phra Nakhon, Monthon Krungthep, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LChumbhotbongs Paribatra, known by his regnal name Rama X, has succeeded his father, Rama IX, to the throne of Siam. Chumbhotbongs Paribatra is something of a recluse, but still politically competent. He is a known patron of the arts, having converted multiple state-owned properties into museums, and has personally sponsored many great artists both in Siam and abroad.§!
Sukhumabhinanda
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1923, in Mueang Phra Nakhon, Monthon Krungthep, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSukhumbhinanda, son of former King Paribatra Sukhumbhand (Rama IX) and a lowborn woman, was legitimised by his brother King Rama X due to the latter's inability to produce a male heir. He has ascended to the throne as Rama XI. Sukhumbhinanda is a prominent philanthropist whose efforts to relieve Bangkok's poorest have garnered him much publicity. With Sukhumbhinanda's ascension much of the remaining public discontent with the monarchy has dissipated.§!
Supha Sirimanon
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 15th, 1914, in Mueang Angthong, Monthon Ayutthaya, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJournalist, Poet, and now the new Premier of the Republic - Supha Sirimanon looked like an odd choice for the national leadership position at first. Within the leftist intelligentsia community though, he is more well-known under his pen name \
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 15th, 1914, in Mueang Angthong, Monthon Ayutthaya, Kingdom of Siam§!
Pridi Phanomyong
Luang Praditmanutham
§YBorn:§! §LMay 11th, 1900, in Mueang Krungkao, Monthon Ayutthaya, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPridi Phanomyong, also known by his ministerial title 'Luang Praditmanutham', immediately set out to better the lives of the Siamese people upon his appointment as a minister. His controversial 'Yellow Cover Dossier' outlined his political and economic reform agenda and divided the Siamese government, but the controversy only served to further Pridi's political career.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 11th, 1900, in Mueang Krungkao, Monthon Ayutthaya, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPridi Phanomyong, previously known by his ministerial title 'Luang Praditmanutham', has become the Chairman of the Khanagummakarn Sapha Patiwat following a brief but bloody Siamese Civil War. Phanomyong's policies of economic nationalisation and radical parliamentarian reform may now continue, however challenges from more radical elements among Pridi's old-Sahachip Party members have grown significantly. Despite his popularity, Phanomyong struggles to maintain his authority even with his allies in the Navy.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 11th, 1900, in Mueang Krungkao, Monthon Ayutthaya, Kingdom of Siam§!
Thawan Thamrongnawasawat
Luang Thamrongnawasawat
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 21st, 1901, in Mueang Krungkao, Monthon Ayutthaya, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNicknamed the 'Golden-Tongue Statesman', Thawan is renowned for his public speaking and debating skills, which he fully exploits for his coalition building. As a champion of the grassroots, the ex-Admiral favours policies which helps the common people, such as price ceiling for household commodities and expansion of public welfare. However, these policies also put him at odds with the capitalists and the burgeoning Thai-Chinese middle class who are burdened with greater taxes.§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 21st, 1901, in Mueang Krungkao, Monthon Ayutthaya, Kingdom of Siam§!
Pote Sarasin
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 25th, 1905, in Mueang Phra Nakhon, Monthon Krungthep, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA Thai-Chinese from upper middle-class background, Pote Sarasin's experience in the Ministry of Finance during the Black Monday has shaped his worldview. As fan of the Austrian economist Hayek and a strict adherence to the law, he is against the expansion of state-owned enterprises while trying to ensure the fair, free and open competition. Another policy of his being the expansion of higher education across the nation as a mean to reinvigorate the recovering local industries.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 25th, 1905, in Mueang Phra Nakhon, Monthon Krungthep, Kingdom of Siam§!
Seni Pramoj
§YBorn:§! §LMay 26th, 1905, in Mueang Nakhon Sawan, Monthon Nakhon Sawan, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAs a member of a cadet branch of the Chakri Dynasty with Chinese ancestry, Seni may appear as an odd choice of leader for a republican Siamese state. Despite that, this 'Young Viper' managed to gather enough political clout among the many conservative circles with his own political shrewdness rather than his familial connection to gain a working majority for the new government to function properly. His policy of 'Ngoen Phan' (Money Fluctuation) helps keep the rural area happy and secured from the Syndicalist hands. Whether if he only pays lip services to the republican causes, however, remains to be seen...§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 26th, 1905, in Mueang Nakhon Sawan, Monthon Nakhon Sawan, Kingdom of Siam§!
Plaek Phibunsongkhram
Luang Phibunsongkhram
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 14th, 1897, in Mueang Nonthaburi, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LField Marshal Plaek Phibunsongkhram, more popularly known as 'Chormpon Por' by the locals and 'Phibun' in the West, the one-time ally of Pridi Phanomyong and the People's Party has seized power following the Yellow Cover Dossier Affair. Together with Luang Wichitwathakarn and his allies in the military he has built his own cult of personality to side-line the Monarchy. He views the current state of Siam as an 'outdated relic of a bygone era' and intends to use his power to promote militarism and nationalism, proclaiming both to be additional essential principles of the modern nation.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 14th, 1897, in Mueang Nonthaburi, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn as Plaek Kittasangkha from a Thai fruit orchard owner family, Phibun and his older brother Prakit started their Royal Siamese Army Cadet School in 1909. After graduation, he briefly served in the 7th Artillery Regiment (Phitsanulok), where he met his wife and the 1st Royal Guards Artillery Regiment before securing a Royal Scholarship to continue his study at k.u.k. Artillerie-Schießschule in Hajmáskér, Hungary and then at Theresianische Militärakademie in Wiener Neustadt, Austria. Not long after he returned to Siam, Phibun became known for his exploits in the Siamese Intervention in Burma 1928-1929 for the liberation of Moulmein and Dawei in Tenasserim - in which he was given his title, \
Phao Sriyanond
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1910, in Mueang Phra Nakhon, Monthon Krungthep, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPolice Chief Phao Sriyanond has succeeded Plaek Phibunsongkhram as leader of Siam's military regime with the support of the Soi Ratchakhru Clique. Phao is known for his brutality and political cunning, and his political opponents tend to 'disappear'. Phao also believes the Siamese monarchy to be an antiquated relic which impairs the cause of nationalism, and is thus an avowed Republican.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1910, in Mueang Phra Nakhon, Monthon Krungthep, Kingdom of Siam§!
Sarit Thanarat
§YBorn:§! §LJune 16th, 1908, in Mueang Phra Nakhon, Monthon Krungthep, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGeneral Sarit Thanarat has succeeded Plaek Phibunsongkhram as leader of Siam's military regime with the support of the Sisao Thawaet Clique. Originally a lowly officer in the Phayap Army, he quickly rose through the ranks with Plaek and Phin's help. An ardent anti-Syndicalist, he views the Monarchy as an important tool against the reds and as the focal point of Thai Nationalism.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 16th, 1908, in Mueang Phra Nakhon, Monthon Krungthep, Kingdom of Siam§!
Boworadet Kridakorn
Prince Boworadet Kridakorn
§YBorn:§! §LApril 3rd, 1877, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA grandson of King Mongkut/Rama IV, Boworadet completed his military studies overseas in the United Kingdom in 1898 while his father worked as the Siamese ambassador there. Not satisfied with his starting rank in the Royal Siamese Army, he went for another year at the School of Military Engineering in Chatham, the United Kingdom. However, with the pro-Entente military commanders quickly sidelined by the Siamese entrance to the Weltkrieg, it wouldn't be until 1928 when King Prajadhipok personally appointed him as the new Minister of Defence to shore up the king's support against the Siamese Supreme Council of State.§!\n\n§YNotes: Has a close relationship with King Prajadhipok and is known as a populist commander within the Army.§!
Jarun Rattanakul Seriroengrit
Luang Seriroengrit
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 27th, 1895, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA scion in the house of Rattanakul, whose family's history can be traced to the Ayutthaya period, Jarun entered the Royal Siamese Army Cadet School in 1907 and graduated with the highest score. Jarun quickly climbed up through the ranks as the protégé of Prince Purachatra Jayakara, Father of the Siamese Railway and Wireless Communication, in the Royal Siamese Army's Department of Engineering.\n\nJarun's name came to the forefront during the Siamese Intervention in Burma 1928-1929 when units under his Phayap Army command \
Phot Phahonyothin
Phraya Phahonphonpayuhasena
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 29th, 1887, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn as Phot Phahonyothin to a Thai-Teochew Chinese father, Colonel Kim Phahonyothin, and a Thai-Mon mother, Chap Phahonyothin. Phahon entered the Royal Siamese Army Cadet School in 1901 and graduated with the highest score. He was later sent by Royal Scholarship to study at the Kadettenschule in Potsdam, then Royal Prussian Main Cadet Institute at Groß-Lichterfelde in Berlin, where he became a classmate of the would-be German flying ace Hermann von Göring and an acquaintance of Japanese general Hideki Tojo through sword duel. Phahon continued his studies at the Engineering College of Copenhagen in Denmark. However, he only managed to study there for one year before being forced to return to Siam in 1912 as his scholarship fund ran out.\n\nPhraya Phahonphonpayuhasena (Phot Phahonyothin) later acted as a founding core member of the \
Din Tharab
Phraya Srisitthisongkhram
§YBorn:§! §LMay 10th, 1891, in Mueang Phetchaburi, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn as Din Tharab in a middle-class farming family. Din entered the Royal Siamese Army Cadet School in 1901 and graduated with the highest score. He was later sent by Royal Scholarship to study at the Kadettenschule in Potsdam, then Royal Prussian Main Cadet Institute at Groß-Lichterfelde, in Berlin, along with Cadet Phot Phahonyothin (Phraya Phahonphonpayuhasena) before returning to Siam in 1914. Though supportive of democratic reform, Din remained a staunch royalist and detested any attempt to achieve regime change forcefully.\n\nPhraya Srisitthisongkhram (Din Tharab) later acted as a founding core member of \
Sala Emasiri
Phrayra Rithhi-arkaney
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 14th, 1889, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn as Sala Emasiri in a military family. Sala entered the Royal Siamese Army Cadet School in 1903 and graduated at the top of the class. Sala was serving as the Deputy Commander of the 8th Artillery Regiment in Nakhon Ratchasima when Siam entered the Weltkrieg, serving with distinction during the war on the Indochinese Front.\n\nPhrayra Rithhi-arkaney (Sala Emasiri) was later inducted as a core member of the \
Wan Chuthin
Luang Prasartpitthayayuth
§YBorn:§! §LJune 9th, 1894, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn as Wan Chuthin to a Thai-Teochew Chinese father, Judge Euan Chuthin, and a Thai mother, Wong Chuthin. Wan entered the Royal Siamese Army Cadet School in 1908 and graduated with the fifth-highest score. He was later sent by Royal Scholarship to study at the Kadettenschule in Potsdam, then Royal Prussian Main Cadet Institute at Groß-Lichterfelde in Berlin, though the start of the Weltkrieg forced him and many Thai cadets to relocate to Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich in Switzerland instead where he first learned about the Swiss Democracy. Following the Siamese entrance into the war, Wan applied for a military attaché position in Berlin and briefly served as the vice-commander of the small Royal Siamese Army contingent in Europe before returning to Siam in 1921.\n\nLuang Prasartpitthayayuth (Wan Chuthin) later acted as a founding core member of the \
Phin Choonhavan
Luang Chumnanyutthasart
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 14th, 1891, in Mueang Samut Songkhram, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a family of Thai fruit orchard owners, Phin graduated from the Royal Siamese Army Cadet School with high distinction and was one with the quickest promotion to Major rank in his mid-thirties through his sheer will. He graduated from the same RSCAS class as Phibun and greatly respects him. He is considered one of Phibun's most prominent supporters as he is next in line for the 3rd Military Region (Isan/Northeast) commander.§!\n\n§YNotes: Loves his nation equally as much as his fruit orchard; known to occasionally give flowers he planted himself as gifts with hidden meanings.§!
Thep Phanthumasaen
Phraya Songsuradet
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 12th, 1892, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn as Thep Phanthumasaen in a military family. Wan entered the Royal Siamese Army Cadet School in 1904 and graduated with the highest score. It was in the RSACS that he first noticed the treatment gap between the aristocrat and commoner among the cadets. Songsuradet was later sent by Royal Scholarship to study at the Preußische Kriegsakademie in Berlin. He then entered military service as an army engineer in Magdeburg before returning to Siam in 1915, living in the German Empire for eight years. Songsuradet briefly saw combat during the Weltkrieg on the Indochinese Front before serving as the Chief Engineer who played a huge role in the Siamese railway construction nationwide, with one of his biggest achievements being the 1.3km-long Khun Tan Tunnel, which connected Chiang Mai to the rest of the country.\n\nPhraya Songsuradet (Thep Phanthumasaen) later acted as a founding core member of the \
Adul Adulyadejarat
Luang Adulyadejchrat
§YBorn:§! §LJune 28th, 1894, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!
Pichit Kriengsakpichit
Luang Kriengsakpichit
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 20th, 1896, in Mueang Nakhon Khuean Khan, Kingdom of Siam§!
Karj Karjsongkhram
Luang Karjsongkhram
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1890, in Princedom of Nakhon Lamphunchai, Kingdom of Siam§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn as Tian Kengradomying, Karj entered the Royal Siamese Army Cadet School before serving in the Phayap Army with an average performance. He later moved to Bangkok after finishing the Royal Siamese General Staff College to sit in military procurement commissions for the post-Burmese Intervention Royal Siamese Reform Plan of 2473 B.E. - thus wielding bigger influence than his title shown to be.§!\n\n§YNotes: He is known to be quite aloof and often butt heads with those under his command, also for having at least 5 mistresses at once.§!
Mangkorn Promyothee
Luang Promyothee
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 16th, 1896, in Mueang Thonburi, Kingdom of Siam§!
Sindhu Kamolnawin
Luang Sinthusongkhramchai
§YBorn:§! §LJune 23rd, 1901, in Mueang Samut Sakhon, Monthon Nakhon Chaisi, Kingdom of Siam§!
Thongdee Suwanprueng
Phraya Witchitchollatee
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 23rd, 1890, in Mueang Thonburi, Kingdom of Siam§!
Bunchai Sawathasuk
Phraya Wicharnjakkich
§YBorn:§! §LJune 17th, 1890, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!
Mongkol Mongkolnawin
Phra Mongkolnavavuth
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 1st, 1894, in Mueang Nonthaburi, Kingdom of Siam§!
Prayoon Yutthasartkosol
Luang Yutthasartkosol
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 19th, 1893, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!
Boonjeam Komolmit
Luang Athuekthewadet
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 2nd, 1897, in Mueang Nakhon Chaisi, Monthon Nakhon Chaisi, Kingdom of Siam§!
Long Sinsuk
Phraya Vehasayarnsilpasit
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1887, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!
Munee Mahasantana
Phra Vejayantrungsarit
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 25th, 1892, in Mueang Thonburi, Kingdom of Siam§!
Sunee Suwanprateep
Phraya Chalermarkart
§YBorn:§! §LApril 26th, 1887, in Mueang Suphanburi, Kingdom of Siam§!
Thip Ketuthat
Phraya Tayarnpikart
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 23rd, 1887, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!
Kon Hutasingha
Phraya Manopakorn Nitithada
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 15th, 1884, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!
Pramarn Adireksarn
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 31st, 1913, in Mueang Saraburi, Monthon Ayutthaya, Kingdom of Siam§!
Sawaet Piampongsarn
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 26th, 1909, in Mueang Rayong, Monthon Chanthaburi, Kingdom of Siam§!
Tiang Sirikhanth
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 5th, 1909, in Mueang Sakon Nakhon, Monthon Udon, Kingdom of Siam§!
Wan Waithayakon
Prince Wan Waithayakon
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 25th, 1891, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!
Wichit Wichitwathakan
Luang Wichitwathakan
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 11th, 1898, in Mueang Uthai Thani, Monthon Nakhon Sawan, Kingdom of Siam§!
Mangkorn Samsen
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 3rd, 1888, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!
Sun Kijjumnong
§YBorn:§! §L1898, in the Kingdom of Siam§!
Wichit Lulitanon
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1906, in Mueang Phra Nakhon, Monthon Krungthep, Kingdom of Siam§!
Wisuth Tonwanik
Phraya Tonwanikmontri
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1894, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!
Jira Wichitsongkhram
Luang Wichitsongkhram
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 4th, 1897, in Mueang Thonburi, Monthon Krungthep, Kingdom of Siam§!
Pin Malakul
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1903, in Mueang Phra Nakhon, Monthon Krungthep, Kingdom of Siam§!
Tua Lapanukrom
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 21st, 1898, in Mueang Phra Nakhon, Monthon Krungthep, Kingdom of Siam§!
Jerm Arwuth
Phraya Jinda Chakkarath
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 12th, 1880, in Mueang Thonburi, Kingdom of Siam§!
Narisara Nuwattiwong
Prince Narisara Nuwattiwong
§YBorn:§! §LApril 28th, 1863, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!
Purachatra Jayakara
Prince Purachatra Jayakara
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 23rd, 1881, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!
Bung Suphachalasai
Luang Suphachalasai
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 22nd, 1895, in Mueang Krungthep Mahanakhon, Kingdom of Siam§!
Buntaeng Thongsawat
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1912, in the Princedom of Nakhon Lampang, Monthon Phayap, Kingdom of Siam§!
Kulap Saipradit
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 31st, 1906, in Mueang Phra Nakhon, Monthon Krungthep, Kingdom of Siam§!
Pijarn Dullalampha
Phra Pijarnpollakij
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 9th, 1893, in Mueang Trat, Kingdom of Siam§!
Tianthai Apichartbhut
§YBorn:§! §LApril 8th, 1907, in the Kingdom of Siam§!
Wart Sunthonjamorn
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in the Kingdom of Siam§!
Jumkad Plangkoon
Puey Ungphakorn
Phan Tho
Phan Ek
Phan Ek
Phon Chattawa
Phon Chattawa
Santi Mala Medal\n$SIA_military_medal_santimala_desc$\n
§LAlso known as \
Klaharn Medal\n$SIA_military_medal_klaharn_desc$\n
§LAlso known as \
Order of Rama (6th Class)\n$SIA_military_medal_rammala_desc$\n
§LAlso known as \
Order of Rama (Gallantry in Action)\n$SIA_military_medal_rammala_gallantry_in_action_desc$\n
§LAlso known as \
