Baltic Duchy Social Liberal Tree
Baltic Duchy Paternal Autocrat Tree
Baltic Brotherhood Focus Tree
Riga Focus Tree
Baltic Union Focus Tree
Europe Revival Front
RALET
Latvijas un Igaunijas teritoriju revolucionārā alianse / Läti ja Eesti alade revolutsiooniline liit (Revolutionary Alliance of the Latvian and Estonian Territories)\n§LThe October Revolution was the signal many revolutionary socialists within the Baltic States had been waiting for to rise up and seek the realisation of Marx's vision, regardless of their disagreements on the specifics. These hopes were dashed with the victory of the Central Powers in the Weltkrieg and the defeat of the Reds in the Russian Civil War. After repeated failures in inciting revolution within the United Baltic Duchy, the surviving socialists have taken to organising underground. A hodgepodge of Bolshevik and Menshevik sympathisers, anarchists, and other radical leftists, it is unlikely this alliance will last long should the Duchy's rotten structure finally collapse.§!\n
RALET
Latvijas un Igaunijas teritoriju revolucionārā alianse / Läti ja Eesti alade revolutsiooniline liit (Revolutionary Alliance of the Latvian and Estonian Territories)\n§LThe October Revolution was the signal many revolutionary socialists within the Baltic States had been waiting for to rise up and seek the realisation of Marx's vision, regardless of their disagreements on the specifics. These hopes were dashed with the victory of the Central Powers in the Weltkrieg and the defeat of the Reds in the Russian Civil War. After repeated failures in inciting revolution within the United Baltic Duchy, the surviving socialists have taken to organising underground. A hodgepodge of Bolshevik and Menshevik sympathisers, anarchists, and other radical leftists, it is unlikely this alliance will last long should the Duchy's rotten structure finally collapse.§!\n
RALET
Latvijas un Igaunijas teritoriju revolucionārā alianse / Läti ja Eesti alade revolutsiooniline liit (Revolutionary Alliance of the Latvian and Estonian Territories)\n§LThe October Revolution was the signal many revolutionary socialists within the Baltic States had been waiting for to rise up and seek the realisation of Marx's vision, regardless of their disagreements on the specifics. These hopes were dashed with the victory of the Central Powers in the Weltkrieg and the defeat of the Reds in the Russian Civil War. After repeated failures in inciting revolution within the United Baltic Duchy, the surviving socialists have taken to organising underground. A hodgepodge of Bolshevik and Menshevik sympathisers, anarchists, and other radical leftists, it is unlikely this alliance will last long should the Duchy's rotten structure finally collapse.§!\n
Riga Democratic Bloc
Rīgas demokrātiskais bloks / Riia demokraatlik blokk (Riga Democratic Bloc)\n§LThe establishment of the United Baltic Duchy over the heads of the majority Latvian and Estonian population has not served to endear the new administration to the nations they lord over. While more radicalised members of these ethnicities may join insurgent groups like the RALET or the Forest Brothers, a significant proportion of the native Baltic peoples places its faith in the democratic process.\n\nCoalesced out of several Estonian independentist parties and the primarily Latvian Riga Democratic Bloc, the new Democratic Bloc fields candidates to the Landtag in the interest of championing Latvian and Estonian interests. They often find themselves in support of the DbDP, viewing them as an acceptable compromise until independence can be achieved.§!\n
DbDP
Deutsch-baltische Demokratische Partei (Baltic German Democratic Party)\n§LThe Baltic German Democratic Party follows the ideological thought of Paul Schiemann, which can best be described as meritocratic liberalism. It worships the inherent human rights of the individual and equality of opportunity no matter one's religion, nationality or social standing. Political power should be awarded to those most educated and virtuous, in the interests of ensuring smooth and adequately representative governance. Foremost in Schiemann's political thought is the principle of national-personal autonomy, which the party hopes can provide a stable long-term solution to the Duchy's complicated situation.§!\n
DbFP
Deutsch-baltische Fortschrittliche Partei (Baltic German Progressive Party)\n§LA relatively minor party on the Baltic political scene, the DbFP has historically maintained a cordial relationship with Latvian and Estonian parties, calling for more rights for the country's minorities and wide-reaching social programs, with the ultimate goal of enfranchising the citizens of the Duchy, regardless of nationality. This has placed them in a difficult position, as Estonians and Latvians feel more represented by their compatriots in the Democratic Bloc, while much of the Baltic German electorate views some of their measures as going too far. Despite this, the electoral system ensures they remain present on the political scene, acting as a junior partner to the DbDP.§!\n
DbRP
Deutsch-baltische Reformpartei (Baltic German Reform Party)\n§LA party treading the middle line between the progressivism of the DbDP and the rigid conservatism of the DbVP, the DbRP claims to be a party for the middle-class, remaining relatively isolated from the aristocratic elements of the Baltic German population. They are thus amenable to political reform and hold respect for the democratic process. Despite this, they remain a conservative party, viewing the potential of the more numerous Estonians and Latvians to enforce their will upon the Baltic German population in a truly free and fair democracy as alarming.§!\n
DbVP
Deutsch-baltische Volkspartei (Baltic German People's Party)\n§LRepresenting the interests of the Duchy's landholding minority, the DbVP is firmly in favour of upholding the status quo. Retaining contacts with the Knighthoods which until recently controlled the government, the DbVP are unlikely to endorse major enfranchisement of the Latvian and Estonian population, acting instead as a platform for the perpetuation of Baltic German supremacy within the Duchy. They remain the main opposition force to the DbDP's progressive agenda within the Landtag.§!\n
VdBR
Verband der Baltischen Ritterschaften (Association of the Baltic Knighthoods)\n§LThe legacy of the Northern Crusades and the consequent establishment of an ethnically German ruling elite within the territory of the modern Duchy is made manifest within the four Baltic Knighthoods. Acting, for the most part, independently from the central government, they have significant influence upon the latter, as they possess the power to appoint members to local governments as they see fit. Unsurprisingly, they are strongly reactionary, viewing democratic and social reforms as a threat to the idealised Baltic German noble's way of life.§!\n
Baltic Brotherhood
Baltische Brüderschaft (Baltic Brotherhood)\n§LThe Baltic Brotherhood's ideology is an eclectic mutation of radical Christianity and Baltic German exceptionalism. It is a millenarian religious movement which proclaims a new reading of the Bible and calls for a restoration of Christian morality across all of Europe. In the Baltic German nation, it sees a history of religious warfare and stalwart faith, and so believes that their purpose is to champion this rebirth of Christianity in the face of Eastern and Syndicalist onslaught.\n\nFanatically loyal to pan-Germanism, the Brotherhood believes that Germany's role should be to lead Europe in this crusade, and so its goal is to turn the Baltics into a model province for the 'National Revival', from where the flame can be brought to Germany. In practice, this results in an ideology which is totalitarian, fanatically dedicated to Christian ideals, and heavily militaristic.§!\n
LKP
Latvijas Komunistiskā partija (Communist Party of Latvia)\n§LThe Riga branch of the LKP works tirelessly to reunite newly-liberated Latvia with its historical capital, attempting to stoke insurrection via strike actions and sabotage. Despite this, Riga's security forces and the lack of radicalism amongst the population mean that their mission is unlikely to succeed without a large-scale armed confrontation.§!\n
RAC
Rīgas Arodbiedrību Centrālbirojs (Central Office of Riga Trade Unions)\n§LThe Riga Central Office of Trade Unions was founded after the 1905 Russian Revolution to coordinate the trade unions in Riga’s large industrial sector. While elements within the Office secretly harbour sympathies for their French and British counterparts, being thus in favour of seizing control from the democratic government, they are unlikely to act against the state, especially in the presence of a large German garrison.§!\n
LKP
Latvijas Komunistiskā partija (Communist Party of Latvia)\n§LThe Riga branch of the LKP works tirelessly to reunite newly-liberated Latvia with its historical capital, attempting to stoke insurrection via strike actions and sabotage. Despite this, Riga's security forces and the lack of radicalism amongst the population mean that their mission is unlikely to succeed without a large-scale armed confrontation.§!\n
DbLP
Deutsch-baltische Landespartei (Baltic German State Party)\n§LUntil recently a relatively minor player in the United Baltic Duchy's Landtag, the DbLP's popularity within the city of Riga's local government has left it a major player in the wake of the Duchy's collapse. Having previously committed to democratic reforms and political enfranchisement, the party's efforts have been rewarded with a semblance of normality within the city amidst the chaos unfolding outside its limits. Ideologically, the party lies between the DbDP and DbRP, seeking a free democratic society, but one in which the Baltic Germans will always have a significant role to play.§!\n
Pan-German League
Baltischer Alldeutscher Verband (Pan-German League)\n§LThe Baltic branch of the Pan-German League was founded in 1920 and holds a certain sway among the more reactionary part of its urban population. The collapse of the United Baltic Duchy proved to the reactionaries the failings of the democratic system and the inherent unreliability of the natives. The remnants of previous far-right movements, relocated to Riga, have merged into the Pan-German League, seeking to reclaim the Duchy for Germans and for Germans alone, with the blessing of the Heimat.§!\n
Pan-German League
Baltischer Alldeutscher Verband (Pan-German League)\n§LThe Baltic branch of the Pan-German League was founded in 1920 and holds a certain sway among the more reactionary part of its urban population. The collapse of the United Baltic Duchy proved to the reactionaries the failings of the democratic system and the inherent unreliability of the natives. The remnants of previous far-right movements, relocated to Riga, have merged into the Pan-German League, seeking to reclaim the Duchy for Germans and for Germans alone, with the blessing of the Heimat.§!\n
Aufbauvereinigung
Aufbauvereinigung (Reconstruction Organisation)\n§LWith the Baltic Brotherhood consolidating its grip over the territory of the United Baltic Duchy, it has declared the complete dissolution of the previous political system. Instead, all power is now in the hands of the Reconstruction Organisation, an evolution of the Brotherhood, which aims at presenting itself as a legitimate force for change. The Organisation's name has two-fold meaning: its mission is to reconstruct both the damage caused to the state by the recent native uprisings and by perceived ineffective democratic governance, but also to reconstruct the ideal of the German soul, which they claim can now be free from the demons of capitalism, leftism, or parliamentarianism.§!\n
BTKP
Communist Party of the Baltic Territories\n§LRadical elements of the revolutionary left within the Baltic states view the developments that led to the forging of a new Baltic Union as not going far enough, seeking the establishment of a proletarian dictatorship for the betterment of the industrial worker. They stand in opposition even to their fellow revolutionary socialists, viewing themselves as the \
ABC-Aušrinė
Central Bureau of Trade Unions - Student Socialist Society \
LKP-RALET
Communist Party of Lithuania - Revolutionary Alliance of Latvian and Estonian Territories\n§LWith the total collapse of the United Baltic Duchy and the establishment of a new Baltic state, ostensibly under native rule, the RALET continues its mission, which has now fulfilled its national component. Associating with their counterparts in the Lithuanian Communist party, they remain a strong proponent of revolutionary socialism and of the Baltic proletariat.§!\n
The Baltic German nobility got what it wanted from the Weltkrieg - a restoration of the rights and privileges which Russification policies trampled over and a state they could call their own, the United Baltic Duchy. Here, under the reign of Duke Adolf Friedrich, the Four Baltic Knighthoods rule a decentralised monarchy, the sentinel of aristocratic tradition. But pressure mounts to reform this byzantine system, and the Duke has pushed through a liberal, reformist government to see the changes through. When everything is against them, however, can the Baltic German dream survive?
GFX_BAT_intro
The United Baltic Duchy
Standing on the eastern coast of the Baltic Sea, the United Baltic Duchy is the easternmost Germanic state in Europe, formed in 1918 with the initiative of the local Baltic German population. Though initially imagined as a new member state of the German Empire, these hopes were eventually dashed, as the geopolitical realities of post-Weltkrieg Europe and the overwhelming Latvian and Estonian majority population made such a project impossible - not that the Baltic Germans themselves hardly wanted to lose their identity to the Heimat. Having successfully suppressed the Estonian War of Independence and prevented a similar uprising in Latvia thanks to the fractures within the Latvian nationalist movement, the Duchy established itself and now counts almost twenty years of history.\n\nThe United Baltic Duchy is, first and foremost, rooted in tradition. It inherits Provincial Ostsee Law, the system of representation through Landtags, and the institutional role of the Baltic Knighthoods from the times of the Livonian Confederation, and these traditions make up a large part of Baltic German identity. Even the poorest Baltic noble is proud of living in a community which listens to the concerns of each and every landowner, and holds the knightly traditions of the nobility in utmost respect. In practice, however, this means that the Duchy is a barely functional state with a byzantine system of government, completely unprepared for the challenges facing ahead...
Convent of von Samson-Himmelstjerna
The current Chairman of the Land Colleges, and thus head of the Convent of the Land Administrators, the executive government of the Duchy, is Friedrich von Samson-Himmelstjerna, a former member of the Ducal Regency Council and member of the Baltic German Democratic Party.\n\nFollowing a succession of several conservative governments controlled by the Baltic Knighthoods, the pressure for reform within the United Baltic Duchy eventually became too hard to bear. A strengthening Baltic German middle class, traditionally reluctantly allied with the conservative nobility, started to sway to the other side, joining forces with reformist and Baltic nationalist groups if it meant that any reform to the byzantine, antiquated system was introduced. Though by no means a liberal reformist, eventually Duke Adolf Friedrich himself had to intervene. Using the powers of royal prerogative, he dismissed the previous Chairman of the Land Colleges and cooperated with the liberal reformist Democratic Party to help forge an alliance of liberal and moderate parties.\n\nThe true power behind the throne, however, is Paul Schiemann, the leader of the DbDP. A liberal reformist, he could not assume any position in the Landratskollegium because of his non-noble birth, but nevertheless served as the guide of the incumbent government from his lowly position. An idealistic visionary, Paul Schiemann envisions a liberal, pluralistic Baltic Federation with an established modern constitution, free, universal and democratic elections, equality between the Baltic Germans and the native Balts, and a system of social welfare. Believing his vision to be superior to the reaction of the Knighthoods, he is supported by the representatives of native Balts and the German middle class in the Landtag, and has the reluctant acquiescence of the moderate conservative DbRP. The Duke also sees his programme as a step in the right direction, even if he disagrees with some of the tenets.
Government Structure of the Duchy
The United Baltic Duchy can best be described as a federal oligarchic semi-constitutional monarchy. It is devolved into six Cantons, each one with their own Landtags and Land Colleges, and the autonomous City of Riga. This division of powers is replicated in the federal government, which is composed of the Landtag of the United Baltic Duchy and the Convent of the Land Administrators. The Baltic Landtag is a parliamentary body, elected by the inhabitants of the Duchy with the Prussian three-house electoral system, and is headed by the Land Marshal. The Land Colleges and the Convent are appointed by the four Baltic Knighthoods — corporations of the Baltic German nobility. Above both stands the Duke, who has the power of judicial and executive appointment, and other powers of royal prerogative.\n\nWhile it is easy to assume that the Landtag is the legislature and the Convent is the executive, the truth is far more complicated than that. The Convent is not made up of ministries, but is rather a body of 18 Land Administrators who collectively manage the day to day matters of the state in cooperation with the Knighthoods and the Landtag. They have the features of an upper house — they attend Landtag sessions and cannot propose laws, but review them, and their stated purpose is \
Political Concerns
The coalition orchestrated by the Baltic German Democratic Party may have a noble goal to reform the Duchy to the modern age, but their enemies are plentiful. The Baltic Knighthoods, noble corporations which unite the Baltic German nobility, hold no good will towards the liberal constitutionalist project espoused by Paul Schiemann, seeing it as a threat to the historical traditions of the lands they are supposed to protect. A major thorn in the side of the incumbent Convent is the fact that the Knighthoods have their own man in the government - Baron Rolf von Ungern-Sternberg, Land Marshal of the Ducal Landtag. While by no means a reactionary, von Ungern-Sternberg is a conservative landowner and definitely does not sympathise with the liberal Democratic Party - and should the situation decay, his complacency may break at last.\n\nTwo decades of political decay and infighting have left quite a few Baltic nobles, especially younger ambitious ones, disappointed with the entire system. Both the liberal Baltic Federation project and the reaction of the Baltic Knighthoods disappoint them, the former for surrendering to the inferior natives and the latter for failing to restore the greatness of the Baltic state. Their salvation is the Baltic Brotherhood, a clandestine religious and Pan-Germanic nationalist order, operating in brotherly circles in cities and towns and exerting their power through influence within Baltic German nobles. Its goal is the renewal of the Teutonic spirit of the Baltic Germans and a deep union with the German Empire, and their mission is to resurrect the medieval idea of Drang Nach Osten, a crusade to the East in the name of Germanic supremacy. Due to the Baltic Brotherhood's ambition to centralise the state, both the Duke and Landtag are adamantly incompatible and can never cooperate.\n\nThe Latvians and Estonians have never fully accepted their subordination in the Baltic Duchy. Their nationalist movements lost strength after the failed uprisings of 1918, but rebuilt it by the early 1930s. The government in exile of the Republic of Estonia in Stockholm and the Latvian National Council in Petrograd advocate for the independence of their respective nations, and groups of partisans within the forests and hills are forming in preparation for the final struggle for liberation...
§MLiberalism by Guidance§! ($social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot When the Dualism period begins, collect 150 political power in 180 days and succeed in defeating the Forest Brothers uprising if it happens.\n£white_dot You will have four decisions to collect political power, each one of them will have the chance to give:\n- An event that offers 15 pp and takes 5% stability (in the case of £decision_icon_small §Y$BAT_liberals_alliance$§! this is 5% war support instead).\n- A one time chance for an event that will offer 25 in exchange for a drawback.\n- A one time chance for an event that will offer 40 political power in exchange for another drawback.\n- Or a very small change an event that gives nothing which chances to appear will increase after each of the one time events do.\n §LIs recommended to start by trying to get the 25 political power event (which comes with no drawback) and the 40 political power event (which disables the decision £decision_icon_small §Y$BAT_knighthoods_alliance$§!) from £decision_icon_small §Y$BAT_liberals_alliance$§!, afterwards the chances to get nothing will be too high, so it will be better to change to the other two remaining decisions.§!\n\n §CNote:§! If the Forest Brothers uprising happens, is preferable to reject the National Unity Armistice. If that option is chosen, don't forget to complete two anti-partisan decisions two avoid a coup by the Landeswehr.\n\n§MTradition Remains§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Fail to collect 150 political power in 180 days, but succeed in defeating the Forest Brothers uprising.\n\n§MThe Baltic Renewal§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot When the Forest Brothers uprising begins, you will receive an event for a National Unity Armistice a few days later. Refuse it.\n£white_dot You will be given a window of 45 days to enact two anti-partisan decisions. Fail it, and the Landeswehr will coup you to turn National Populist.\n\n§M£KR_game_rule_flag_BAT_riga  Riga, £KR_game_rule_flag_LAT  Latvia§! and £KR_game_rule_flag_EST  §MEstonia§!:\n£white_dot When the Forest Brothers uprising happens, wait for average Resistance to reach over 70 percent. It does not matter which path you end up with during that time.\n£white_dot You will receive an event to switch to either Riga, Latvia or Estonia.
The Duchy Falls - §M£KR_game_rule_flag_BAT_riga  Riga§!\n\n§MSchiemann's Legacy§! ($social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have higher §lDbDP§! popularity than §cDbLP§! or §PPan-German League§! popularity after completing the focus \
The Duchy Falls - §M£KR_game_rule_flag_LAT  Latvia§!\n\n$LAT_guide$
The Duchy Falls - §M£KR_game_rule_flag_EST  Estonia§!\n\n$EST_guide$
The Duke will reach Boyoma in 30 days.
The Duke will reach Mbandaka in 45 days.
You listen to the old man's hadith.
The Duke will reach Kinshasa in 20 days.
This will limit our options in the Convention to ensure adherence to Schiemann's vision.
Eliminate Unnecessary Honorifics
The Baltic nobility has always prided itself in numerous honorifics and medieval positions which they retain to this day. Hundreds of such honorifics exist, more than there are magnates able to hold them. Sweeping through this list will give the nation a sign that we will not back down from reform.
Constitutional Draft Committee
The Democratic Party has called for a modern constitution to the Duchy since its inception. It is time to act upon these promises and call a committee of intellectuals who will begin work on a new framework for the state.
Permanent Government Commissions
Instead of an antiquated fluctuating administration, we should establish permanent commissions in various fields of internal policy, as a temporary alternative to ministries before a new Constitution is adopted.
Reform the Landeswehr-Kommission
The independence of the Baltische Landeswehr is an anomaly, it was never intended to be so free. We need to curtail its membership and restore the operation of the Landeswehr-Kommission as a full fledged ministry of war, consolidating civilian control over the military.
Abolish the Landesprästande
Landesprästande, or Land Contributions, is a primitive form of land value tax collected in the Baltic Provinces for several centuries. This tax is no longer adequate in this day and era, it needs to be abolished and replaced by an universal income tax.
Alliances with the Rural Communes
Autonomous rural communes, the Landgemeinde, are the primary form of rural land organisation outside of manorial estates. We need to support these collectives, institutionalise them, and thus promote equity in the countryside.
Alliances with the Landlords
Modern, manorial estates employing hundreds of workers are the future, if we seek to increase agricultural efficiency. We must support the landowning barons and grant them concessions to promote production.
Land Grants to Returnees
Many of our brethren in Germany want to return, but cannot afford to come back because they have nothing to return to. By offering land to returning emigrants, we can ensure a steady trickle back home.
Form the Stackelberg-Kommission
Heinrich von Stackelberg is one of the most preeminent economists from the Duchy, well known for his research into economics theory and connections with the Freiburg School of liberal economists. To help us combat the Black Monday recession, he offers his services.
Implement Anti-Monopoly Laws
Stackelberg's policies revolve around maintaining free market principles while ensuring the free market is truly free and fair - most notably by establishing laws against monopolies and trusts in order to increase competitiveness.
Progressive Corporate Taxation
Under von Stackelberg's guidance, we shall establish a progressive system for corporate taxation to support small businesses and budding firms, grant us more taxation income to distribute to society, and control inflation.
Social Security Programmes
Our nation must give back to the people with wide reaching social programmes, instead of storing taxpayer money in safes and vaults. Injecting capital into the economy through social security will make it greatly more vibrant.
Independent Monetary Policy
To fully remove Black Monday's effects on our economy, we must start pursuing a monetary policy independent of Germany, and thus allow ourselves to manage the value of the Baltic mark according to our needs.
National Economic Assistance Commission
To ensure the Duchy's economic growth, we must form an instrument to serve as the connection between government and industry - a National Economic Assistance Commission.
Guest Worker Programmes
It is an unfortunate truth that many of our citizens who left for Germany will never return. However, they may be replaced. Even before the Weltkrieg, thousands of Lithuanian, Russian and Polish workers would migrate to Riga and Reval for well paying jobs - this practice, while unpopular, needs to be restored.
Combat Anti-Immigrant Sentiment
Through propaganda campaigns, we need to ensure that the average Baltic German does not feel threatened by an influx of immigrants from the Reichspakt, and that any fears over losing their jobs are dissuaded.
Relief to Returnees
By establishing generous handouts to returning emigrants and providing them the support of the state for finding homes or starting businesses, we can ensure a steady stream of returnees from German cities.
Public Works
The Ducal lands carry a lot of potential, but much of it lay unimproved and uninviting to businesses. Through public works, we can renovate roads, restore decaying factories, and create room for new industries to grow.
Industrialisation Priority
The way forward in the modern day is a self-sufficient, vibrant industrial economy. Let us go forth and ensure that our children are the first generation beyond the plough.
Keggum Hydroelectric Plant
The Keggum Hydroelectric Plant, the first hydroelectric plant on the Dunau River, has long since been envisioned as the beating heart of an industrial Baltic society - and we are finally ready to make it operational.
Export Agriculture
Industrialisation needs to be funded somehow. Let us promote the production of cash crops in the countryside and provide support to farmers in order to boost agricultural production and give us an export advantage.
Construct Micro Hydro-Plants
Baltic territories hold many rivers fitting for micro-hydropower, enough to potentially make us self-sufficient with electricity. While we'd have to go a long way before accomplishing that, investment into hydropower will yield great dividends to the economy.
Estonian Shale Oil Prospects
The presence of shale oil, a low grade alternative to oil and gas, in Estonian soil has been known since the 19th century. Only now, however, have we begun to comprehend just how much potential lays in the Estonian plains. Let us go forth and turn Estonia into a second Romania!
Walter Zapp's S.E.F.
The S.E.F., or State Electronics Factory, is one of the largest industrial complexes in Riga, employing inventors such as Walter Zapp to produce complex electronic machinery, equipment and other hardware. Providing subsidies to this business and seeing it grow will only be beneficial to the state.
National Infrastructure Commission
The infrastructure of [ROOT.GetNameDef] remains in poor condition. Roads and railroads need to be renovated, new airfields and ports established, to connect our lands with the rest of Europe and provide the foundation for an industrial economy.
Paul Barons' Vairogs
Owned by Paul Barons, Vairogs is an automobile production company producing cars, trucks and heavy equipment under civilian and military licences alike. Subsidising this business will grant our army a critical production partner.
Modern Education Programmes
A state in the twentieth century must employ education programmes befitting of its century - old, antiquated education practices must be abolished and a new system built on incentivising merit and achievement, not aristocratic birth.
Efficient Industrial Management
We must encourage businesses across our country to implement the most state of the art time-saving and resource-efficient technologies and processes, increasing efficiency to unprecedented heights.
Abolish Ritter-Schulen
Ritter-Schulen, or Knightly Academies, are private schools operated by the Baltic Knighthoods for the scions of their nobility - they are a haven for reactionary thought and education there falls far below our standards. This antiquated, medieval practice must be put to an end and these schools nationalised.
Provide Funding to Friedrich Zander
Friedrich Zander is a Baltic inventor and rocket researcher who fled Moscow at the end of the Russian Civil War to settle back in his homeland and continue his work here. While his dream of 'Onwards, to Mars!' is beyond our reach, perhaps there is value to be found in his research into rockets and cruise missiles...
Establish Beisitzer-Aufsichtsrat
Right now, all Cantons in the Duchy are led by a Church Office Chief with two assessors, a secular and a spiritual one, who form the collective head authority of the Canton. We need to abolish this antiquated system and establish a Beisitzer-Aufsichtsrat in each Canton - a supervisory board of professional assessors appointed by the Church Office Chief.
Enforce Meritocratic Appointment
No more should the highest bureaucratic offices be distributed by familial ties or noble status. Everyone, as long as they have the skills to do their job, should have a chance to rule the country.
Impose Representative Legislatures
The popular assemblies in Parishes and Cantons are direct democracies - all noble citizens are required to attend, and pay a fine if they fail to show up. This system no longer works in the 20th century - Parishes and Cantons shall have elections for representatives imposed on each and one of them.
Parliamentary Control
The Landtag should control the military and the executive government, not the other way around. Grant it the power to appoint and recall chiefs of staff and Chairmans of the Convent, as it should have received a long time ago.
Judicial Appointment Commission
The Duchy's byzantine judicial system needs to be reformed and new judicial appointments made not with the whim of the Landtag, but by an independent commission of justices and law experts who would pick out impartial and professional judges.
Call Constitutional Convention
It is about time that the Baltic Duchy finally acquired a permanent Constitution and joined the ranks of modern, constitutional monarchies. Call a Constitutional Convention to finally decide this matter, once and for all!
Mobilise the Landeswehr
The Baltic state is in danger! Lettish and Estonian radicals, guided by the spectres of liberalism and socialism from abroad, have risen up against us! The Landeswehr must be mobilised to the last man to reestablish stability across the country.
Dissolve the Landtag
The Baltic Duchy prides itself in its complex, traditional, historically famous system of democratic self-rule and decentralised management. All of it is no longer needed. These burdens such as law and constitutional principle stand lesser to a disciplined society and absolute rule from the top.
A Permanent Regency
Our Duke, Adolf Friedrich I, vanished during the chaos of the Manteuffel Coup, and while we are distraught by his disappearance, we can only put this to good use. The Duke was too passive and liberal for our taste, Graf von der Goltz will rule as regent in his stead - and he will be far less soft.
Wir Glauben, Wir Kämpfen, Wir Siegen
We believe, we fight, we conquer. The new Baltic sacrificed for a new Germany. These are the mottos of the Baltic Brotherhood, and they shall serve as our guide in our transformation of the Baltic State.
An Army with a State
The goal of the renewed Baltic state is to subjugate itself, in its entirety, to an Eastern crusade. Its economy and society must rid itself of Mammonic capitalism and dedicate everything it can to the Landeswehr. Everything within the state. Nothing outside the state. Nothing against the state.
National Population Registry
Our country is facing an emigration problem, and the solution to it is simple - prevent anyone from leaving. Create a registry of all of our citizens, constantly keep it up to date and collect information on their personal lives, grant benefits to those who stay and find ways to return those who leave. Their labour is needed here, not elsewhere.
Baltische Arbeitsfront
Riga, Reval and Libau all have strong labour unions which fight for the interests of their workers and have no desire to cooperate with us. In our drive to transform the state, this particularism is too dangerous to be kept alive. Disband all independent unions and create a state-controlled Baltic Labour Front in its wake.
Mandatory Military Training
Every single Baltic German must have the ability to wield a gun and fight for his Heimat. We shall create mandatory paramilitary training programmes for all citizens of age and 
State-Controlled Industrialisation
Capitalist principles cannot bring us prosperity. The free market crushes souls and exploits citizens in the name of wealth, not national interest. Instead of that disgrace, the state must take charge in industrialisation itself, through the use of planning committees and public funding.
Full Employment
To be a fit person of working age and not work for your country is not only disgraceful, it should be criminal. The Baltische Arbeitsfront and the National Population Registry will allow us to tap into every single working person across the country, establish public works for them, and give them a place in the national organism.
Ersatzprogramm
The lifestyle of the Baltic German should not be luxurious and extravagant like in the centuries before - nor do we need to waste so many resources on natural products when cheaply made artificial substitutes are available. As little resources should go to waste and as many resources should be dedicated to the State.
Unity of the Churches
Today, the Christian church is divided and relishes in infighting. The Baltic Germans, whose crusader history bestows them a natural role of spiritual guidance for Europe, must champion a unity of the Catholic and Protestant churches on their soil, unite all forces of religious renewal and direct them to a joint enemy in the East.
Subsume the VdBR into the Brotherhood
The Baltic Knighthoods have long since resisted the ultimate goal of the Baltic Germans. While our traditions are what make us unique, we must not blindly cling to them. Infiltrate the Knighthoods and staff them with loyal Brothers in order to subjugate them to our side.
Prohibition of the Vices
Alcohol, cigarettes, gambling, impure thoughts all make men sin and thus cast them out of Heaven. To protect our people from such a fate, and transform them into morally upright citizens, we must take the fight to these vices and crack down on them, one by one.
Religious Education
The Brotherhood should have full control of the curriculum and use it as means of integrating the new generation into their order. They must learn the truth about their heroic, crusader-like history, and the tenets of moral life as well as religious belief. The primary goal of education should be to turn pupils into dutiful, disciplined, patriotic citizens.
Reform the Bureaucracy
The Baltic administrative apparatus is complex and decentralised, and lacks professional personnel. We should hire experts and administrators from Germany to not only improve administrative efficiency, but also bring us closer to the Fatherland.
Harmonise Laws with Germany
We must integrate ourselves into the greater Germanic political sphere by adopting German legal, administrative, and economic systems in the Baltic state. The experience of the Reich Germans can definitely be of use here.
Establish Community Help Associations
It is the nature of a good Christian to help others and provide relief for those less fortunate, and it is the duty of a member of the Baltic Brotherhood to do so. We must institutionalise this practice to allow the community to help each other persist.
Social Welfare
The Baltic state has a duty to provide for its citizens, to give them support in life and to show Christian compassion - towards those who are loyal, of course. This may divert needed resources from the military, but it will keep our country stable.
Agents Among the People
There is a secret reason behind our acts of welfare. Through community help associations and welfare institutions, members of the Brotherhood can easily investigate the thoughts of the populace from up close, and root out the seditious without mercy.
Censor Modern Art
Modern art is not only degenerate and un-Christian, but rooted in villainous, Syndicalist thought. There is no reason for our people to ever experience it - our censorship offices will ensure that only morally upright material reaches the press.
Proclaim an End to Soul Theft
Anglo-Saxonic soul theft, which calls itself Capitalism and Syndicalism and ruthlessly exploits the national body, is the greatest villain of our time - and with a thorough transformation of the state according to the principles of the Baltic Brotherhood, we have finally put an end to its practices.
Ideological Exchange with Germany
Everything we have done, it is in the name of a new Germany, its national rebirth, and it is time to witness the fruit of our labour. We must present ourselves as an example to German nationalists, a success story of our ideology placed upon a pedestal, which shall lead the way to a new age.
Conscription Squads
Not everyone in our country is willing to serve in the Landeswehr and fulfil their duty to the country. They defect, hide from the service, and find ways to excuse themselves. These stragglers must be found and forced to serve, if that's what is necessary.
Ideological Commissars
Our soldiers must know the true nature of their struggle. They must know that they fight not just for their lives or their families, but for the final battle for the fate of Europe and the great conquest of the East. Our political line must permeate the rank and file and the officer corps.
Drang Nach Osten!
The Baltic territories have been completely transformed according to the vision of the Baltic Brotherhood. Only the final stage remains - a militant missionary mission against Russia and the Syndicalists, the conquest of East and West, and Germany's rise to lead a new, reformed, Christian Europe. And the Baltics will be their loyal second-in-command.
A New Landratskollegium
At long last, the reins of government in the Duchy have been given to responsible servants of the noble Baltic German people. A new Landratskollegium composed by the Baltic Knighthoods will stabilise the situation in the state and pave the way for reforms.
Livländische GüterCredit-Sozietät
Operating in Riga, the Livland Goods Credit Society is the largest of all credit societies operated by the Baltic Knighthoods. We must restore it and grant it additional support to provide our ailing economy with loans.
Landschaftliche Kreditwesen
Originated in Prussia, the Landschaft credit system is a system of support for agrarian estates and Junker holdings, and they have maintained a presence in the Baltics since the 18th century. This system must be renewed and restored to fit the needs of the modern day.
Tariffs on Agricultural Imports
Agricultural production is the lifeblood of the Baltic economy and must be protected. We must institute tariffs on agricultural imports to protect local producers while raising additional revenue for the budget.
Social Charity Propaganda
The Baltic nobility, as generous as it is, must provide a portion of their wealth for the common man. We must pressure the nobles in Knighthood lists to donate to charities and other private welfare programmes for the good of the state.
Machine and Tractor Stations
To drastically improve the efficiency of agriculture, we must provide estates with mechanised equipment. Establish a system of tractor stations across the Baltics where tractors and other agricultural machines may be rented by the locals.
Patronage of Arts and Sciences
The lands of the Baltics have given many greats in sciences and will surely give many greats in the centuries to come. It falls to the nobility to carry the duty of promoting these bright men, however, give them funding and support to have their ideas see the light of day.
Reform the Landpolizeibehörden
The Landpolizeibehörden are the traditional law enforcement authorities of the Baltic region, subordinate to the legal system - aside from standard law enforcement duties, they oversee road construction, collection of statistical information, and other duties. This organisation must be reformed and worry itself solely with law enforcement instead.
Revise the Landtag Barrier of Entry
Everything was ruined when we started to allow all these commoners in the Landtag, our generosity to the lower classes has gotten us burned instead. No more! From here on out, the Landtag shall be a legislature for and by the blue-blooded classes!
Ostsee Law Archive Committee
Provincial Ostsee Law serves as the backbone of our legal system and we must protect it. Establish an Archive Committee which shall explain the intricacies of the law to the public and to the courts, while also being allowed to make slight amendments in accordance with modern times.
Banish Schiemann, Again
In 1917, the Livonian Knighthood banished that troublemaker Schiemann to Germany for his constant conflict with the nobility. It is time to do so again and send him back to Germany a second time - without a leader, the liberals will soon dissolve.
Force Secret Societies into the Open
There are rumours of secret societies, such as one called the Baltic Brotherhood, operating among our own in secret and spreading seditious ideas. We must do everything in our power to force them in the open and confront them with the might of the law.
Noble Landeswehr Appointments
The Baltische Landeswehr turned quite unruly during the Forest Brothers uprising - clearly, some of them are harbouring less than acceptable ideas. We must filter their influence out by pushing through more loyal nobles to leading positions in the Landeswehr staff.
Announce Devolution
The government of the United Baltic Duchy has turned inefficient, decadent, byzantine. There is a solution to this conundrum, however. It is time to put an end to overreach from Riga and give the local governments in the Baltic provinces full power over local administration!
Restore the House of Biron
The Curonian House of Biron once reigned over the duchy of Courland-Semigallia, and their dynasty is still alive, represented by the pretender Gustav Biron. It is time for us to finally fulfil the wishes of the Curonian nobles and restore their birthright!
Bow to the Duke of Livonia
Adolf Friedrich of Mecklenburg, Duke of the United Baltic Duchy, is the only rightful claimant to the title of Duke of Livonia. This core land of Baltic German territories shall have its own devolved government, only sharing a monarch with the central government in Riga.
Reach out to the Danes
Estonia has historically been in the Scandinavian sphere of influence and many of their nobles are proud to bear Danish or Swedish blood. Denmark is a close ally of Germany, as well. Let us borrow a member of the Danish royal house, Prince Harald, to assume the throne of the Duchy of Estland!
A Ritterschule for Every Knighthood
The Baltic Knighthoods have a tradition of local education programmes for their scion - but this system is not equal. Reval and Riga have Ritterschule, but the other Knighthoods do not, and many poorer nobles are unable to enrol. We should grant the provinces full jurisdiction in education policy to provide where the central government cannot.
Devolved Cultural Liberties
The Baltic lands are diverse, and the central government cannot possibly protect the rights of everyone. The local provinces must be given the right to decide cultural rights and liberties in their lands for themselves, thus more easily integrating the locals into the Baltic Duchy.
Devolved Economic Policy
Policies which help the Estonian economy have little effect in Livland or Courland, and vice versa. The central government cannot make the right decisions on economic affairs - the local governments must be given the right to decide it for themselves.
The United Baltic Duchies
The United Baltic Duchy is not one, but rather a union of many. Baltic Germans of all alignment, Letts and Estonians, can all be proud to live in a state where the governments are close to home and the central government enshrines long standing tradition.
Professionalism Priority
The only advantage which a country as small as ours may have is in professionalism and discipline. Let us foster these advantages and build a small army of crack troops.
Manpower Priority
We cannot ignore the key issue plaguing the Landeswehr any longer - the Baltic population must be integrated into the military. Through fostering patriotism and integrating the Baltic peoples, we can amend this weakness.
Ostwallprogramm
We must always prepare ourselves for a possible attack from the East - and to overcome the Russian giant, we must prepare in advance. Let us dedicate resources to a mass fortification programme along our Eastern border and let the Russians come to us.
Modern Construction Technology
The Ostwall project has taught us more than a few things about how to manage constructions efficiently while maintaining quality. Let us implement this knowledge for any other projects we might pursue later on.
Purchase Material
It pains to admit that we will not be able to construct everything we might wish to see in our project all by our own merit. This is where our allies come in. Through contacts in Germany, we need to purchase more material for the Ostwall and our armed forces.
Redoubt Question
There will come a time when, no matter how much we build up the Ostwall, that the Russians break through. If such a thing happens, we need a redoubt - and for that, we must decide what this redoubt should be.
New Doctrine Think Tanks
Twenty years of technological development since the Weltkrieg have ushered in a new age in military thought. We must delve into this thought in order to always stay ahead of our competitors.
Foster Landeswehr Traditions
All men in the Landeswehr are brothers, no matter which ethnicity or social class they hail from. They are the knights of the modern era, and we must foster a camaraderie among them which no bullets will shatter.
Study Mobility Doctrine
The advent of mass motorisation and modern tank designs have shifted military focus towards armoured spearheads and combined arms warfare. We must reform the Landeswehr from the roots to adapt to this new way of thinking.
Fireteam Organisation
We must organise our soldiers into small teams of four or five men, operating by task and implementing fire-and-movement tactics in the heat of battle, much like German Stoßtruppen. The motivation to protect or support one's friends in a small squad trumps any abstract concepts.
Abandon the Horse-Drawn Carriage
The logistics system of the army should be modernised and carriages replaced with trucks, for faster and more effective transportation of materiel.
Modern Fuel Supply Infrastructure
A modern, motorised army required a steady supply of fuel in order to support it. Research into synthetic fuel and construction of dedicated fuel storage bases will serve as a fine start.
Share Doctrine Development
We should not only develop a modern army doctrine, but share our achievements with our allies in the Reichspakt as well - studying their own achievements at the same time and implementing their breakthroughs.
Seek out Local Talent
Latvians and Estonians rarely choose to serve in the Landeswehr, even though, as we're forced to admit, many of their graduates and junior officers have bright ideas on how to reform the military and make it more inclusive. We should hear them out.
Recall Vilensky Graduates
The Vilna Military Academy of the Russian era saw thousands of graduates, including many Baltic ones. Abolishing any limits on native Baltic officer advancement and recruiting these veterans to our service will lead us very far.
Mass Equipment Production
A massively expanded Baltische Landeswehr will require a sufficient production base and a new approach to infantry division format. It falls to our shoulders to resolve both of these issues in our path to reform.
Expand Lettish Regiments
The Latvians, the largest ethnic group in the Duchy, must have adequate representation in the Landeswehr - new Latvian regiments in the army must be founded and old ones expanded to grant this representation.
Standardise Artillery Templates
The Weltkrieg has taught us that artillery will remain a staple of the modern battlefield. We must begin domestic artillery piece production and establish standardised artillery templates to ensure sufficient quality.
Hurricane Bombardment
We must gear artillery production and implementation to short, but powerful and overwhelming bombings, blowing through holes in enemy lines and allowing infantry to infiltrate and push through.
German Language Courses
Many bright ideas within our military are lost because of linguistics issues. We must establish universal and mandatory German language courses to enforce a single language upon the military and thus improve communication.
Riga National Military Academy
The Duke Adolf Friedrich National Military Academy in Riga shall be the shining beacon of modern military thought in Eastern Europe, uniting all the disparate courses and study programmes the Landeswehr once employed, and gathering all of our built up knowledge in a single institute.
Military Innovation Institute
In order to raise an officer corps which is always one step ahead of our opponents, we must introduce courses on innovative military technologies, such as mobile warfare and special forces.
FzSdB
The Forschungsdivision zur Studie des Bewegungskrieg (Division for the Research of Mobile Warfare) shall be a branch of the Academy geared towards training cadets in commanding armoured divisions, employing combined arms tactics, and designing new, innovative tank models.
\n§PYou will receive Panzer variant based on your highest researched armour technology.§!
Special Forces Integration
Trained for specific tasks, special forces are swiftly becoming an important asset in modern military forces. While the Baltic Duchy may be too small to field a significant force of specialised divisions, integrating them into the army structure is vital nonetheless.
Militärische Planungskurse
Let us start courses on operations planning in the Academy and drill one principle into the heads of our cadets - plans may be useless, but planning is indispensable.
Air Pilot Courses
No war in the modern day can be won without air superiority. We must establish permanent native air pilot courses to train a new generation of flying aces.
Competitive Aircraft Design
By encouraging competition between aircraft designers in our country, we can ensure that all designs which fall to our hands are top notch quality and at a reasonable price.
Study Western Air Doctrine
In the skies, your equipment and numbers are not the only thing that matters. How you apply both of these things tactically matters just as much, if not more. We must research the advancements Western nations have made in air doctrine.
Vertical Envelopement
Airborne forces are a recent addition to modern army branches which offer many advantages never before seen in history - we must study airborne warfare tactics and learn to apply them in our forces.
Naval Cadets Branch
The Baltic fleet is our defence on the seas, but its leading officers are geriatrics from the Tsarist era. We must establish a branch for educating a new naval officer cadre to propel the fleet to the modern era.
Promote Talented Ship Designers
By encouraging competition between ship designers in our country, we can ensure that all designs which fall to our hands are top notch quality and at a reasonable price.
Study Western Naval Doctrine
With each passing year, more and more methods of innovatively employing the navy to secure advantages in the seas are developed. We must always stay ahead of the curve and study the latest advancements from Western naval academies.
Land-Sea Cooperation
The navy is only as useful as it allows troops on the ground to fight without hindrance - and as time passes, cooperation between land and sea forces turns more and more critical in warfare. We cannot dismiss this as merely a fad, modern militaries require marine detachments.
Eastern Vanguard of the German Order
Sporting the most modern military force in the Reichspakt, the Baltic state is truly the vanguard of the Germanic order, its stalwart defence against any enemies which may come from the East. And we must act upon this role.
The Pearl of the Baltic
The Free City of Riga stands as the last remnant of the Baltic German nation. Called 'Pearl of the Baltic', Riga has been the crown of the Baltic states for the last seven hundred years, and no matter what, we shall protect this crown from those clawing towards it.
Raise Barricades
The Latvians may storm the city at any moment - until we establish a normal army, we need to press our citizens to construct barricades and barriers to stall this potential advance.
Establish Refugee Camps
Thousands of refugees from the former Duchy flock to Riga, flooding the streets and houses of the already pretty tight city - we must establish basic infrastructure to handle this flow and settle the refugees.
The Former Duke
One of the many refugees who have crossed the border to Riga is the former Duke Adolf Friedrich and his daughter. Though no faction in Riga wishes to restore him, we still need to make a decision on how he shall be treated.
Committee of Former Landtag Members
The former Landtag of the Baltic Duchy has found itself dissolved and powerless in the aftermath of the Duchy's collapse. Some of its members have gathered to an advisory committee next to the Riga City Council, but it falls to us to decide how much power they have.
The Livonian Knighthood
The former Livonian Knighthood, headquartered in Riga, has too been left powerless by the fall of the Baltic Duchy. This noble institution, which once strangled any hope for true democracy in the country, is now under our mercy.
Mass Social Housing
The flood of refugees from outside the city has shown the limits of our city planning and residential areas. We need to construct more affordable, mass social housing to provide shelter to our enlarged population.
From Militias to an Army
During the Forest Brothers rebellion, the Baltic German population in Riga spontaneously organised into citizen militias in order to defend themselves from the Latvian rebels. These militias are not enough, only a real army can protect Riga from destruction.
Declaration of Riga Sovereignty
Having finally restored some semblance of order in Riga, we can put the pessimism of our peoples to rest and make our way to a brighter tomorrow, no matter what it might hold. The last bastion of the Germanic nation in the East shall never fall!
Rechtsstaat
An intellectual and a legal professor, Helmuth Stegman has always proclaimed the need for a rule of law, first in the Duchy, then in Riga. His government shall seek to fulfil this dream of a legalistic democracy, foster a Riga national identity, and restore order.
Formalise the Rigaer Rat
Liquidated in 1889, the Rigaer Rat was restored after the Weltkrieg and has become the primary method of popular representation in Riga. Partially elected, it serves as the government's means of cooperation with the upper class. This institution needs to be given additional powers.
Establish Central Banking
To this day, the Baltic Germans do not have a central bank. A central banking system for Riga will allow its small business class to more easily fund new ventures and invest in more efficient production.
Riga Bill of Rights
All citizens of the Free City of Riga, no matter their ethnicity or faith, need to know that they share the same fundamental, universal rights with each other. Under the guidance of intelligently designed law, this multicultural city can live in harmony.
Maintain Government Transparency
To ensure that the citizens of Riga can trust in their government to bring a better tomorrow, we need to cut on all forms of graft, corruption, and establish procedures which will make our taxpayers aware of where exactly their money is being spent.
A Constitutional Court
Helmuth Stegman has championed the cause of a written constitution and a court to enforce it before the collapse of the Baltic Duchy, and leading an independent Riga, he is able to make his designs come true.
Öffentliches Pfandbriefgesetz
Riga, like the rest of the Baltic provinces, operate under the Pfandbrief credit system, a type of issued bonds more stable than covered bonds. This system can be improved with legislation to support the city banking system, bringing forth an economic boom.
Foster a Riga Identity
It is not just the Baltic German nation we serve - the City of Riga itself is worth protecting, and our citizens must remember that. Though the creation of national symbols and holidays, we can craft a common attachment to the Pearl of the Baltic.
Herder-Institut Riga
Founded by the Herder Society, the Herder Institute in Riga is a prestigious academy which offers education to the Baltic German minority in the city. It needs to be opened to te general public and given additional funding to help form a strong local research and development sector.
Reichsvorposten Riga
Controlled by the German military garrison, Max Erwin von Scheubner-Richter sets the task of preparing the city for the reconquest of Latvia and Estonia above all else. The economy needs to be militarised, the people tightly controlled, and nation made spiritually ready to return home.
Institute a State of Emergency
Surrounded by the Latvians, we cannot afford to leave our civil liberties intact when the security of the city is in question. We need a state of emergency to ensure order on the streets.
Reinforce German Regiments
We cannot win the war against the Balts ourselves, we need German support. Thankfully, our sea supply lines to Germany have not been severed and we can ship additional German army regiments in order to secure our borders.
Front der Nationalen Rettung
All political parties in Riga must come to common understanding and join into a National Salvation Front. Acting as one and abiding to the will of Mayor von Scheubner-Richter and the German military, we will be able to achieve so much more. Besides, it's temporary.
German Development Grants
Riga may be a remote city from the rest of the Empire, but the government in Berlin can spare us enough low interest loans and benefits to build up a local manufacturing industry.
Revanchist Propaganda
Every citizen of Riga must know two things - that the Latvian threat is always present, but that they are a degenerate dictatorship which will be easy to defeat once we do come to blows. Reality matters little when we need to rouse patriotism among our peers.
Secret Police
Once we return to Courland and Livland, the natives, duped by the Latvian revolutionaries, are sure to oppose us. To ensure that they do not overthrow us again, we must prepare countermeasures in advance - and a secret police rooting out these separatists is exactly what we need.
Local Gun Workshops
In preparation for war, we must expand our meagre weapons production facilities and establish a network of small scale workshops, each one of which will be able to produce and repair rifles for army use and thus leave our production sector more resilient.
Scavenge Equipment Stockpiles
The chaotic collapse of the Duchy means that much of the Baltische Landeswehr's armament remains dispersed across the city and surrounding countryside, stashed away in cellars and warehouses. They need to be cracked open and the weapons inside distributed to our troops.
Student Exchange Programmes
To import technical know how and implement new technologies, we must establish a system of student exchanges between Rigan and German universities, and allow our brightest students to return with new insight.
Establish the Landsturm
In German territories, the Landsturm are reserve militias composed of men too old for active service which would participate in the defence of their local areas. Riga needs such a system now more than ever.
Underground Defence Tunnels
While we still have time, we should put the Riga sewers and tunnel systems to use - if we can put them to use for supply transport and underground movement of troops, our Free City will be able to endure any attack.
Schiemann's Legacy
Representing the Democratic Party, Wilhelm Munter is willing to take a soft and hands-off approach to governance, centred around democratic reform in the city and rapprochement with the Latvians outside of its walls.
Rigaer Landtag
Nothing but a democratic, popularly elected Landtag will satisfy the reformists in the Baltic German Democratic Party. Every single citizen should have a right to cast their vote and have equal opportunity to gain power.
Meritocratic Governance
The government of Riga must establish strict regulations on its administration as well as examination procedures to ensure that only the brightest and sharpest minds operate our public services.
Organise Public Works
Many across the city, especially those who fled to Riga after the collapse of the Duchy, are still unemployed. We can put the unemployed to work by establishing public works programmes - repairing roads, laying new sidewalks, and improving the city infrastructure in general.
Court of Corporations
We must establish a Court of Corporations, chosen from all social groups and labour unions across the country, as the upper house of the Landtag. It shall be able to advise the legislators on city issues and allow us to cooperate with private interest.
Development Grants to Business
Economic disarray here and in Germany have shaken the private business scene in Riga. We need to take debt and provide relief to the small and medium business owners in order to get them back on their feet.
Free Universal Education
Every single citizen of Riga should have equal access to education, a fundamental right of every human being. We must modernise education programmes and provide the system with additional funding to accommodate for an influx of new students.
Open the Borders
Latvia has been overtaken by a dictatorship and Estonia is verging on one. Many of their citizens, even if they are patriots, would much rather live in a liberal democracy. We should open our borders and let these immigrants come.
Nationalise the Tram System
The tram system in Riga has served the city for decades, and yet its private organisation leads to several issues, because of them the potential of this public transport system remains unfulfilled. The government should take control of the trams and begin a modernisation of the system.
Trade Across the Baltic Sea
Our position in the Baltic coast, our extensive shipping infrastructure, and our mercantile policies allow us to have a dominating share in the shipping and trade in the Baltic Sea. Let us take advantage of this.
Ensure Safe Flow of Goods
In war and peace alike, we need to ensure that our merchant ships and convoys are able to reach their destination without danger. We need to implement modern convoy defence practices to ensure that.
Seek Trading Partners
We must reach out to possible private or public partners in the Scandinavian states and Russia to make our presence known, and get them to ship their goods in our fleets and not any other.
Partners in Germany
The German Empire will always be our most important trading partner, export and import alike. We need to get beneficial deals with our partners in the West, get a cut in shipping prices, and collect the mark-up.
First Strike!
What used to be a temporary refuge in Riga has become the new norm - but now that we have rearmed, prepared ourselves and see the situation in Europe turn right, we can descend upon Latvia like hawks and reclaim our birthright. In Treuen Fest!
Riga City Defence Force
We cannot rely solely on the German occupation force to provide protection. They can always end up recalled, or simply prove to be too small against a fully operational Latvian army. A city defence force is necessary to get us over the edge.
Gather Exiled Landeswehr Officers
The officer corps of the Baltische Landeswehr ended up scattered after the fall of the Duchy, many of them settled in Riga or in Germany. We must find them, gather them, and recruit them to serve as the backbone of the Riga City Defence Force.
Enemies on All Sides
Riga's only neighbour which does not seek to kill us is the sea, and we're not even sure on that. This siege must permeate our defence planning and it needs to be what our officers concentrate on.
Purchase German Equipment
The German Empire and their equipment stocks are the lifeblood of our defence efforts. Until we can get a local small arms industry going, arms shipments from the Heimat are our only means of armament.
Defensive Earthworks
Preparing for a Latvian invasion in advance, we should dig trenches and construct barricades in the outskirts of the city in order to stall them while we still have time.
Düna River Gunboats
The Düna, or Daugava River, splitting the city of Riga in half, needs to be factored in to our defence planning, and it can serve as our biggest ally. Gunboats on the river will grant us critical reconnaissance on the enemy and fire support against Latvian positions as well.
Set Up Artillery Positions
We need to be smart with the little resources we have. The Artillery pieces we have retrieved from the Landeswehr need to be placed in strategic positions across the city and plan which streets and roads each one of them will cover.
Establish Field Hospitals
Soldiers among our ranks are few and far between, therefore we must preserve as many of them as we can. Bandages, field surgeries, and painkillers can go far to keep them fighting for longer.
Counter-Strike Preparations
As much as we may plan for defending the city from foreign assault, we can never forget that our birthright extends to the entirety of the former Baltic Duchy. We need to draft a Plan 'Spring Awakening' to expand out of the city and restore control over Latvia.
Birthright Restored
The war is over, and Riga stands atop the rubble as the victor. The Baltic German polity has reclaimed its rightful sovereignty over the Baltic provinces. Now, it is time for reconstruction.
Reintegrate Latvia
The Latvians nearly extinguished the Baltic German spirit and surrounded Riga from all sides, but against all odds, our might has prevailed. Now, it is time to restore civilian administration in former Latvian territory.
Reintegrate Estonia
The Second Republic of Estonia has gone the way of the first - a brief period of independence, followed by a return to the Baltic German fold. Hopefully, they learn their lesson, but for now, we should restore civilian administration in Estonia.
Rehabilitate the Rank-and-File
While the leaders of the Latvian and Estonian states wished for our destruction and many of their underlings were similarly nationalist, many others simply fought for their homes and wanted a calm, simple life, no matter who are the rulers. They can be safely integrated, especially as we shall guarantee the Latvians and Estonians their rights.
A Republican Landeswehr
[BAT.republican_landeswehr_dynamic_desc]
The old Baltische Landeswehr was rife with Baltic German supremacism, unpopular with the general population, yet effective. Now that the Baltics are once again reunited under our guidance, we have restored the Landeswehr with all of the efficiency and none of the hatred.
Despite the inability of the old Baltische Landeswehr to protect the German people of the baltics from the crisis which split the old duchy apart, the instituion still has a great many supporters and admirers, who note its effectiveness and the important place it had in ensuring the place of the German people in the baltics. Now that the Baltics are once again under our rightful control, we shall restore the Landeswehr to its old effectiveness and have it serve as a pillar of our rule.
Call a Constitutional Convention
After many months of reconstruction, the Baltic Federation can finally establish the structure of government its people will guide themselves with for years to come. Call a Constitutional Convention to finally decide this matter, once and for all!
Three Sisters United
Return of the Latvian Bolsheviks
Root Out Reactionaries
Mobilise the Masses
Collectivisation
ABC-Aušrinė Union Congress
Free Culture
Defence of the Revolution
Community Defence
Paleckis' Baltic Socialism
State-Sponsored Industrialisation
Baltic Unity Promotion
Socialist Constitution
A New Beginning
Old Germany has fallen. A new Germany rises, renewed, rejuvenated, and ready to restore history to its rightful path. The hardest part - to reconquer Germany - has been achieved. Now, the rest of Europe awaits.
Export the National Revival
Now that we have consolidated our grip over Germany, it is time for us to export our revolution. It is said that Germany shall be the leader of a new, revived Europe, and wage crusades against Syndicalists and Russians alike - and we shall do so by force.
Crusade Against Syndicalism
Like a disease, Syndicalism continues to crop up across Europe. This poison shall be cured and the souls languishing under Syndicalists saved - by military intervention. Wherever the left may rear its head, we will strike and decapitate it.
Die Ostbewegung
Germany's historical mission is to expand to the East. The Baltic Germans exist because of this drive to the fertile Eastern lands, and we shall lead Germany to seize this destiny. Russia needs to be removed from the map!
Rebuild the European Hegemony
After the fall of the German Empire, its hegemony in Central Europe collapsed. States which used to be our allies parted ways and began charting their own, independent course. This is unacceptable. By blood and steel, we will carve out a hegemony in Central Europe once again.
The New Reichsheer
The Baltische Landeswehr shall serve as the core tutor of a new army for the German nation, a force which will be strong enough to protect its interests worldwide. Of all the Germanic nations, the Baltic Germans have historically been immersed in warfare most, so this role is natural.
Implement the Baltic Model
The so-called 'Baltic model' of fireteam organisation has proven to be effective in modern war. We need to implement it in the Reichsheer as well, and divide all soldiers into small, tightly-knit fireteams to bolster their efficiency.
Legacy of the Second Weltkrieg
The Second Weltkrieg has come and went, and with it, the future of warfare has come. Modern tanks, airplanes, and tactics are now common in the battlefield, all of which we must study and implement in the new Reichsheer.
Wunderwaffe
We must allow experimentation in our military research and development corps, this way we may unlock power and destructive ability once believed to be mere fantasy.
Totaler Krieg
More often than not, modern war is won not by superior tactics, but by simply outproducing the enemy. We must gear our economy accordingly, and prepare ourselves for total war.
Take to the Sky
Having reconquered Germany, we must rebuild the Luftwaffe anew - now, with the fresh concept of jet aircraft at our fingertips, giving our planes the potential to break the speed of sound.
Gleichschaltung
A New Germany needs to learn from the renewed Baltics on how to lead all of Europe. We shall implement a policy of complete control over all facets of society in order to implement our national revival fully.
Formulate New German Christianity
The Baltic Brotherhood pronounces a new, Germanic reading of Christianity - it is time for all of Europe to follow it. Starting with Germany - we shall destroy the Catholic church and reunite all Christians under a renewed worship of the Bible!
Blut und Boden Movement
German land is bound to German blood, and not only should Germans return to a simpler, rural way of life, we need to expand this 'living space' to the fertile lands of the East - there, enslaving the local Slavs, Germany will find utopia. We should embrace this movement and integrate it into our ideology.
Principle of National Solidarity
The economy shall be an instrument of soul theft no longer! We shall increase state control over economic affairs and subjugate it to the Nation, not to any capitalist or foreigner.
Stratification of the National Body
Hierarchy and inequality are natural - those with the right to rule, say, the blue blooded nobles of the Baltic Brotherhood, should be the ones to rule. This order and stratification of the ancient past must be restored, liberal thought purged completely, and absolute rule of the elite ensured.
Das Dritte Reich
Liberated and revived, the German Eagle once again rises over Europa, with no equal! The benevolent leadership of the Baltic Germans shall ensure that the new Germany will last a thousand years!
Baltisches Schieferöl-Konsortium
Funktechnische Fabrik Reval
Böker und Co.
Waffenarsenal Reval
Vairogs
Rigaer Autobusfabrik
SEF
Libau Military Port Workshops
Mühlgraben Shipyard
Byzantine Political System
The political system of the United Baltic Duchy is based upon centuries of tradition, stemming from the Livonian Confederation or, in some cases, even earlier. The system of semi-direct representation through Landtags, an enduring loyalty to Provincial Ostsee Civil Law, and the autonomous nature of the Baltic Knighthoods, are all undoubtedly a part of the Baltic German identity - and yet, it is a system in dire need of reform.
Parliamentary Control
Decision-making power in the Duchy has been centralised in the Landtag, allowing it to exert control over the Landeswehr and the Convent of Land Administrators, thus eroding the power of the Baltic Knighthoods.
The Baltische Landeswehr
The Baltic Territorial Army is the volunteer defence force of the United Baltic Duchy, formed in 1918 under the guidance of German commander Rüdiger von der Goltz. It is ethnically segregated between Baltic German, Latvian, Estonian and Russian units, and unpopular with the native majority population. This has pressed the Landeswehr to reform and modernise to make up for its manpower shortages. Largely independent of civilian oversight, and for good reason, it is efficient and innovative, considered to be the most elite force in the Reichspakt.
The New Baltische Landeswehr
The old Baltische Landeswehr was rife with Baltic German supremacism, unpopular with the general population, yet effective. Now that the Baltics are once again reunited under our guidance, we have restored the Landeswehr with all of the efficiency and none of the hatred.
The Baltische Landeswehr
With the Baltics under our rightful control once again, we have restored the Landeswehr to its former glory and it shall serve from now on as a pillar of our rule.
Emigration
All citizens of the United Baltic Duchy are able to move to and work in the German Empire without inhibition, and vice versa. Two decades ago, it was believed that this would foster German colonisation of the Baltic states via immigrants from the Heimat. It has had the opposite result, however - young Baltic Germans move to Berlin, Saxony and the Ruhr in search of a living, abandoning their family homes.
Mass Emigration
All citizens of the United Baltic Duchy are able to move to and work in the German Empire without inhibition, and vice versa. Now that an economic crisis has set in our country, thousands are making their way to the Empire in search of a living, deepening our already crippling labour force problems.
Controlled Emigration
All citizens of the United Baltic Duchy are able to move to and work in the German Empire without inhibition, and vice versa. Because of this, young Baltic Germans move to Berlin, Saxony and the Ruhr in search of a living, abandoning their family homes - however, this process has been somewhat put under control.
Black Monday
The economic crisis sparked by the Black Monday stock market crash is severely affecting our country.
Dualism
The antiquated, nightmarish government system of the Duchy and the stubbornness of Chairman von Samson-Himmelstjerna combined have led to a period of §YDualism§! setting in our country. The Democratic Party lacks a majority in the Landtag and has no way of pushing through laws or projects, as they do not have legislative initiative or Landtag dissolution powers, but the conservative controlled Landtag has no way of removing the incumbent Convent from power, as that requires the assent of the Knighthoods and the Duke, not them. A power struggle has thus broken out within the upper echelons of government and needs to be resolved lest our country falls into anarchy.\n\n§YEnables Dualism Decisions.\nWhile the Dualism mechanic is active, we will only be able to choose Baltische Landeswehr focuses in our focus tree, but they will not cost any Political Power per turn.§!
National Unity Armistice
A political armistice has been negotiated in the halls of the Landtag. No infighting between the liberal executive and conservative legislature can take place when the security of the Duchy is at hand.
Business Bailout
In exchange for political support, the government has declared a financial bailout of several failing Baltic German businesses. Though it claims that these measures will help control the Black Monday crisis, in truth, almost all of the money has been pocketed by business owners...
The Forest Brothers
The Mežabrāļi, or Metsavennad, are an underground resistance movement which seeks to smash the cracking United Baltic Duchy into rubble. It is formed from the veterans and exiles of the Latvian and Estonian resistance against the Baltic Germans at the end of the Weltkrieg, supported by emigré organisations and the native inhabitants alike, and will stop at nothing but the complete independence of their home nations.\n\n§YEnables Forest Brothers Decisions.§!
Reformed Land Ownership
Moderate reforms to land ownership in the countryside have been implemented in order to improve agricultural efficiency.
Efficient Management
Reforms to production methods have been implemented to streamline the process and allow Baltic companies to adopt the most modern methods of increasing efficiency.
National Economic Assistance Commission
The National Economic Assistance Commission is an office of Ducal politicians and Baltic German businessmen, designate to foster collaboration between government and business, and thus ensure steady economic growth for the United Baltic Duchy.
Surge of Electricity
The opening of the Keggum Hydroelectric Power Plant has greatly increased our production of electric energy, granting benefits to factory output.
Export Agriculture
Our reforms have pushed our farmers to prioritise cash crops and mass agricultural production, putting more money in the pockets of farmers, bringing more currency to the local market, and allowing many to move from farms to cities.
Reformed Education System
A streamlined and modernised education system has allowed us to greatly improve the efficiency of education, bringing more bright minds under our wing than ever before.
Mass Mobilisation
The wars of the modern day will only be won by a massive, mobilised and well equipped army, and we must gear our economy towards this goal.
Competitive Aircraft Designers
By encouraging competition between aircraft designers in our country, we can ensure that all designs which fall to our hands are top notch quality and at a reasonable price.
Competitive Ship Designers
By encouraging competition between ship designers in our country, we can ensure that all designs which fall to our hands are top notch quality and at a reasonable price.
Construction Engineering
Experience in building the Ostwall permeates our construction corps and allows us to put this experience to use elsewhere.
Ostwall Repair Stations
There will be times when our bunkers are destroyed and our lines are compromised. To make sure this does not cripple us in the midst of war, we must prepare for it in advance.
Repair Stations and Railroad Networks
We need to not just repair our fortifications, but also create underground railroads with which we will be able to move resources from one part of the frontline to the other.
Pessimism
The Baltic Germans gathered in Riga struggle with the shackles of their past and are overcome with pessimism towards their holdout. What should Riga's future be? Until that is decided, the city-state has yet to assert its legitimacy.
Conscription Squads
Nobody will be able to avoid their service to the Fatherland.
Political Commissars
Members of the Baltic Brotherhood are integrated into the Baltische Landeswehr in order to always keep an eye on the military and maintain necessary political loyalty.
The Eastern Crusade!
Our crusade Eastwards begins! Like our ancestors many centuries ago, we shall charge forth guided by fire, steel, and the will of God!
Mission to Lithuania
Our mission in Lithuania provides us with insight into warfare on foot and adaptation to difficult terrain, such as forests, hills and swamps.
Mission to Poland
Our mission in Poland provides us with a first hand view of Polish experiments in armoured spearheads, mass mechanised warfare, and the necessary tactics.
Mission to Belarus
Our mission in Belarus allows us to study stratagems in defence, fortifications and entrenchment.
Mission to Ukraine
Our mission in Ukraine provides us with experience in mass mobilisation and standardised infantry equipment production.
Mission to Finland
Our mission in Finland gives us insight into Finnish winter warfare expertise.
Zersetzung
Zersetzung, 'decomposition', is a psychological warfare technique designed within the Baltische Landeswehr, whose goal is to break captured Latvian and Estonian partisans through abusive control and psychological manipulation.\n\n§YThis National Spirit is only active during the Forest Brothers rebellion.§!
Bandenbekämpfung Tactics
Bandenbekämpfung tactics employ practices of massive retribution for partisan activity in afflicted areas, collective punishment, and an infrastructure of permanent guard patrols to make partisan warfare too costly for local inhabitants.\n\n§YThis National Spirit is only active during the Forest Brothers rebellion.§!
Zerstörungsbataillons
Zerstörungsbataillons, 'destruction battalions', are volunteer paramilitary units composed of collaborators among the Latvian and Estonian population to support Baltic German troops with knowledge of the terrain, local language skills, and the illusion that the Forest Brothers conflict is a war of brother against brother.\n\n§YThis National Spirit is only active during the Forest Brothers rebellion.§!
Loss of Partisan Momentum
The Forest Brothers have expended a lot of their manpower and resources and are rapidly losing the ability to continue the fight.\n\n§YThis National Spirit is only active during the Forest Brothers rebellion.§!
Noble Charity Organisations
The Baltic Nobility generously pays from its pocket to provide relief for less better off citizens of the United Baltic Duchy, in the form of soup kitchens, cheap accommodation, and charity.
Landpolizeibehörden
The Landpolizeibehörden are the traditional law enforcement authorities of the Baltic region, subordinate to the legal system - aside from standard law enforcement duties, they oversee road construction, collection of statistical information, and other duties. This organisation must be reformed and worry itself solely with law enforcement instead.
Duke Christian Ludwig, Heir Apparent
Duchess Woizlawa Feodora, Heir Apparent
Flight of the Baltic Germans
The Baltic German minority in our country is fleeing en masse, and so are most of the intellectuals and administrators who used to govern the country, leaving our intellectual corps struggling.
River Boats
River boats, armed with machine guns and light batteries, patrol the city river, providing necessary reconnaissance on enemy positions and support fire for our ground troops.
Strategic Artillery Placements
Artillery posts have been placed in strategic positions in and out of the city, meticulously planned to cover as many entrances as possible and turning any assault into a bloodbath.
Operation Frühlingserwachen
Operation 'Spring Awakening' has been designed by the top brass of our generals as our first plan of action in a war against Latvia. After the Latvian forces have been exhausted, we shall awaken, like an inevitable spring, and march all the way to Wolmar.
A State of Law
Helmuth Stegman's vision is a state which is managed by total, unquestioned, yet liberal and democratic law, following the ideals of legal science he's absorbed. If every citizen knows his rights, his duties, and always makes sure to defend them no matter what, it should create a free and prosperous society.
Empowered Rigaer Rat
Liquidated in 1889, the Rigaer Rat was restored after the Weltkrieg and has become the primary method of popular representation in Riga. Partially elected, it serves as the government's means of cooperation with the upper class.
Rigaer Landtag
Nothing but a democratic, popularly elected Landtag will satisfy the reformists in the Baltic German Democratic Party. Every single citizen should have a right to cast their vote and have equal opportunity to gain power.
A State of Merit
We shall fulfil Paul Schiemann's dream of a state in which only your merit and ability will judge your position in society. Those with merit and ability should earn the respect of others, and tutor society in exchange, in the name of the good of the individual.
Immigration
Riga is attracting immigrants from across the Baltic states, seeking a better life within the city's borders.
Secret Police
Our rule is never truly secure, but the dissidents and potential revolutionaries forced to face the wall will surely help up sleep better at night.
Revanchist Politics
The Latvians and Estonians ripped us from our birthright, but it is a temporary change of affairs. Building up our forces in exile in Riga, we shall soon storm out of the walls of the city and reclaim what is ours.
Underground Tunnel Networks
Triumph des Willens
Against all odds, the brave knights of the Baltic have overcome enemies near and far, and liberated Germany from the clutches of Syndicalism. Our brothers and sisters need no longer weep, for the Germanic people, and soon all of Europe, will receive their due rescue. The poisonous thoughts of atheistic rationalism and materialism have failed - faith, tradition and will have triumphed.
Der Sieg des Glaubens
Now that Germany is solidified under our control, we need to export the National Revival beyond our borders. The Victory of Faith draws near, and we shall bring it forth.
The New Reichsheer
The army of the German Reich is being reformed according to the principles of unit organisation so successfully implemented in the Baltics. Let us teach the rest of Germany the superior Baltic approach to warfare!
Gleichschaltung
Meaning \
Deutsche Christen
All of Germany now follows a new, truly Germanic reading of Christianity, one which shall surely revive the spiritual power of Europe and lead it to a new future with Germany at the helm.
Constitution of the Baltic Federation
The Constitution of the Baltic Federation establishes the political framework of the nation. It defines the state as a [BAT.BAT_constitution_provinces_definition], [BAT.BAT_constitution_government_definition]. The Constitution safeguards fundamental citizen rights and duties, [BAT.BAT_constitution_culture_definition]. The legislature, Landtag, [BAT.BAT_constitution_legislature_definition], and the head of government, the Chancellor, [BAT.BAT_constitution_executive_definition].
semi-constitutional monarchy
meritocratic monarchy
constitutional monarchy
constitutional republic
unitary
federal
confederal
but the importance of German culture is also enshrined
and all citizens of the state enjoy them
as well as a right to ethnic and linguistic freedom, following National Personal Autonomy
but their implementation falls to the shoulders of confederal units
is bicameral, the upper house is composed of aristocrats
is bicameral, the upper house is appointed by the Duke
is bicameral, and both houses are directly elected
is unicameral, and composed of representatives from the provinces
is bicameral, the upper house is composed of meritocratic appointees
is unicameral, and composed of professionals appointed from universities and interest groups
is unicameral and elected in universal vote
is appointed by the Duke with the advice of the Landtag
is appointed by the President with the advice of the Landtag
is proposed by the Landtag and approved by the Duke
is proposed by the Landtag and approved by the President
is elected by the Landtag and independent of any head of state consent
Transformation of the State
Baltische Erneuerung
Having seized absolute power and forged a permanent alliance with the Landeswehr, the Brotherhood may finally put into effect their plans for the state of the Baltic Germans. The old, antiquated order must be rooted from the ground up and replaced with a national renewal, one which will free not just the Baltics, but all of Germany from its shackles and allow it to lead Europe in a life or death battle with the Eastern barbarians.\n\nNational transformation will be an arduous and costly process. Each §YNational Focus§! in the §YArmy with a State§! branch of your Focus Tree, detailing the subjugation of the country to the ultimate goals of the Brotherhood, will increase weekly loss of £stability_texticon §YStability§!. To prevent this escalating instability from overwhelming the country, you are able to go down the §YUnity of the Churches§! branch of your Focus Tree, which details increasing control of Baltic German culture - granting temporary stability, though with a price of its own. Alternatively, the option is always there to simply escalate oppression of the populace until they get the idea...
Escalate the Crackdown
Doubters, traitors and enemy spies besiege us from all sides, all resisting against our National Revival. Fortunately, the Baltische Landeswehr and the secret services are on our side. By cracking down on this resistance and making an open display of what happens to those who resist, we can intimidate the rest into playing along.
The §YTransformation of the State§! begins.
The §H$BAT_transformation_dynamic_modifier$§! is concluded and will no longer reduce $MODIFIER_STABILITY_WEEKLY$.
Riga Trade League
Already seeking a group's support
Enshrined the role of the Knighthoods
Knight Academies safeguarded
Is reduced to the Riga holdout
£rifle_texticon §H1000§! £support_texticon §H150§!
£rifle_texticon §R1000§! £support_texticon §R150§!
It costs $BAT_2_forts_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
£rifle_texticon §H1000§! £support_texticon §H250§!
£rifle_texticon §R1000§! £support_texticon §R250§!
It costs $BAT_redoubt_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
£unit_artillery_icon_small §H250§! £support_texticon §H300§!
£unit_artillery_icon_small §R250§! £support_texticon §R300§!
It costs $BAT_second_fort_level_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
£unit_motorized_icon_small §H500§!
£unit_motorized_icon_small §R500§!
It costs $BAT_repair_stations_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
£unit_anti_air_icon_small §H250§! £support_texticon §H300§!
£unit_anti_air_icon_small §R250§! £support_texticon §R300§!
It costs $BAT_aa_stations_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
£unit_anti_tank_icon_small §H250§! £support_texticon §H300§!
£unit_anti_tank_icon_small §R250§! £support_texticon §R300§!
It costs $BAT_third_fort_level_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
£support_texticon §H600§!
£support_texticon §R600§!
It costs $BAT_underground_railroad_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
S.E.F. Research
Vairogs Research
The Landowner lobby will present us with the concessions they need to grant their support.
The Mercantile lobby will present us with the concessions they need to grant their support.
The Liberal coalition will present us with the concessions they need to grant their support.
The Knighthoods lobby will present us with the concessions they need to grant their support.
If the country has not been stabilised one way or another by the time this timer runs out, the Duke's patience will finally yield...
If the government does not show its teeth by the time this timer runs out, a nefarious plot will start to hatch...
Once you have built up enough £pol_power §YPolitical Power§!, you may finally retake the Landtag and put an end to this power struggle!
You will no longer be able to §YAbolish the Knighthoods§! during the Constitutional Convention.
The £pol_violence §YForest Brothers§! uprising starts.\n
Gain 25% £pol_violence §YResistance§! in Estland and Courland.\n
Has completed more than [?1|Y0] anti-partisan £decision_icon_small §YDecisions§!
Continue playing as the remnants of the United Baltic Duchy - §YCity of Riga§!.
Switch to the Republic of Latvia - §YLatvia§!.
Switch to the Second Republic of Estonia - §YEstonia§!.
All £in_combat §RPartisan Uprisings§! will cease.
Modify §H$BAT_mass_mobilization_1$§! by\n§HTowed Artillery§!: $STAT_COMMON_BUILD_COST_IC$[?-0.1|-=%]
Unlocks §YDevolution§! and adds starting §YPolitical Capital§! based on current §YStability§!.
Gain §G1§! §YPolitical Capital§!.\n
We shall draft the §YConstitution of the Baltic Federation§!.\n
This will drift our Constitution towards a semi-constitutional monarchy.
This will drift our Constitution towards a \
The Constitutional Convention will establish a republic.
will modify the §YConstitution§! by:
A unitary system will grant the government greater state control and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
A federal system will be a compromise acceptable to most and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
A confederal system $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
Clinging onto superior Baltic German status will please politicians, but $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
This is a compromise acceptable to most which $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
National Personal Autonomy $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
Territorial ethnic autonomy $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
An upper house of aristocrats $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
An appointed upper house will increase the power of the Duke and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
An elected upper house is a compromise which will satisfy most and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
An upper house which represents the federal provinces will improve stability, but weaken the central government and will $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
A corporate meritocratic upper house $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
A meritocratic Landtag will strengthen the government, but its undemocratic nature will dent stability.\nThis solution is supported by Paul Schiemann.\nThis $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
A unicameral legislature will strengthen the central government and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
This shall consolidate power in the hands of the Duke and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
This shall consolidate power in the hands of the President and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
This shall establish a roughly equal balance of powers and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
This shall establish a roughly equal balance of powers and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
This shall consolidate power in the hands of the Landtag and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
An abolition of noble privileges $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
Entrenched emergency powers for the government $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
Removing the government's access to emergency powers $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
Freezing key articles of the Constitution for time immemorial $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
Giving the government power to freely change the Constitution $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
§HUpgrades:§!\n      Main Gun: §G2§!\n      Armour: §G2§!\n      Reliability: §G2§!\n      Engine: §G2§!
§HUpgrades:§!\n      Armour: §G4§!\n      Engine: §G4§!
§RThe Land Marshal cannot be removed unless the Duchy faces major political upheaval.§!
§RThe Knight-Captain cannot be removed unless the Duchy faces major political upheaval.§!
§Y<25%§! £pol_violence
§R<25%§! £pol_violence
Average £pol_violence §YResistance§! must be less than §H25%§! to take the decision
Dualism
The antiquated, nightmarish government system of the Duchy and the stubbornness of Chairman von Samson-Himmelstjerna combined have led to a period of §YDualism§! setting in our country. The Democratic Party lacks a majority in the Landtag and has no way of pushing through laws or projects, as they do not have legislative initiative or Landtag dissolution powers, but the conservative controlled Landtag has no way of removing the incumbent Convent from power, as that requires the assent of the Knighthoods and the Duke, not them. A power struggle has thus broken out within the upper echelons of government and needs to be resolved lest our country falls into anarchy.\n\nWhile §YDualism§! is active, it is impossible to gain £pol_power §YPolitical Power§! normally - it may only be gained through £decision_icon_small §YDecisions§!, in which you can make various concessions to parliamentary groups in order to receive their support. You need to receive a specific number of £pol_power §YPolitical Power§! before Duke Adolf Friedrich loses all faith in the liberal dream... while keeping track of your £stability_texticon §YStability§! - should it dip below a certain point, this rotten structure may finally collapse.
The Palace Takes Note
Duke Adolf Friedrich may be a patient man, but even he has limits. If Dualism lasts for long enough, he will put an end to all of our partisan squabbles and restore the forces of reaction to the Convent.
The Landeswehr's Ire
The Baltische Landeswehr is not happy with us putting party over country. If they see that the situation turns critical and no actions against the Forest Brothers are being done, they will act...
Retake the Landtag
Reach out to the Landowners
Reach out to Business
Reach out to the Coalition
Reach out to the Knighthoods
Forest Brothers
A mass insurgency has broken out in the United Baltic Duchy. Hundreds of Latvians and Estonians leave their lives to join the Forest Brothers, an underground partisan resistance organisation with the goal of evicting Baltic German rule from the region once and for all. The continued existence of the Duchy now depends on whether the government and the Baltische Landeswehr will be able to contain the insurgency in time.\n\nThe strength and growth of the Forest Brothers movement is represented by £pol_violence §YResistance§! in Latvian and Estonian states. It may be combatted via normal resistance mechanics or spending £pol_power §YPolitical Power§! to enact anti-partisan measures. Resistance needs to dip below 25 percent for the Forest Brothers uprising to finally recede - should Resistance reach 70 percent, on the other hand, the situation will reach critical mass and lead to the collapse of the Duchy. Additionally, Resistance will increase more rapidly if it climbs above 50.\n\nThe current average £pol_violence §YResistance§! is §R[?BAT_total_resistance|0]%§!, updated every week by §YThe Ticking Clock§! decision.
Expansion from the Vidzeme Base Government
The Ticking Clock
[ROOT.BAT_increase_compliance_decision_name]
Curfews and Intimidation in [FROM.GetNonIdeologyName]
Make Concessions to [FROM.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] Intellectuals
Crack Down on [FROM.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] Rebels
Zersetzung
Zersetzung, 'decomposition', is a psychological warfare technique designed by the Baltische Landeswehr, the goal of which is to break captured Latvian and Estonian partisans through abusive control and psychological manipulation.
Adopt Bandenbekämpfung Tactics
Bandenbekämpfung tactics employ practices of massive retribution for partisan activity in afflicted areas, collective punishment, and an infrastructure of permanent guard patrols to make partisan warfare too costly for local inhabitants.
Form Zerstörungsbataillons
Zerstörungsbataillons, 'destruction battalions', are volunteer paramilitary units composed of collaborators among the Latvian and Estonian population to support Baltic German troops with knowledge of the terrain, local language skills, and the illusion that the Forest Brothers conflict is a war of brother against brother.
Uprising Defeated
Ostwallprogramm
Envisioned by the top brass of the Baltische Landeswehr in the late 1920s, the Ostwall ('Eastern Wall') programme is the United Baltic Duchy's response to growing Russian power - a series of fortifications and defensive measures along the eastern border to serve as deterrence and potentially defence against a full frontal offensive towards Riga and Reval. While a costly measure, it is bound to leave the Baltic German state prepared against any attack should it be implemented completely.\n\nDuring the §YOstwallprogramm§!, you are able to construct §YLand Forts§! and gain defence-oriented §YNational Spirits§! by spending various types of £rifle_texticon §YEquipment§!. The Ostwallprogramm is composed of several stages, completing all construction initiatives in a stage will unlock new, advanced and more expensive decisions to unlock. Completing the §YPurchase Material§! National Focus will grant you permanent decisions to purchase Equipment to spend on Ostwall initiatives - or your own army.
Basic Kurland Fortifications
Basic Livland Fortifications
Basic Estland Fortifications
Ostwall Artillery Stations
Establish Repair Stations
Construct Static Anti-Air Guns
Ostwall Anti-Tank Stations
Underground Railroad Networks
Purchase German Rifles
Purchase German Construction Material
Purchase German Artillery
Purchase German Trucks
Purchase German AT Guns
Purchase German AA Guns
[BAT_ostwall_redoubt_name]
Courland Redoubt
Riga-Reval Redoubt
Economic Development
The §YNational Economic Assistance Commission§! must intervene in the affairs of the economy in order to transform the Baltic nation into a modern, industrial powerhouse. Several §YDecisions§! will allow us to construct £infrastructure_texticon §YInfrastructure§! and grant us additional production of £fuel_texticon §YOil§!.
Libau-Riga Railroad
Riga-Reval Railroad
Reval-Dorpat Railroad
Construct Tuckum Airport
The Remnant
The §YCity of Riga§! is the last surviving remnant of the United Baltic Duchy, a republican regime administered by the Riga City Council and supported by German arms. It is ripped at its seams by factions with their own vision of the city's future - those who wish to see it foster as an independent Baltic German city-state, those who wish to reunite the city with the Republic which surrounds it, and those who see an opportunity to finally join the German Empire like the Baltic Germans briefly considered in 1918.
Reclaim our Birthright!
Latvia and Estonia are once again under our control, thus it is time to throw away our identity as a free city and restore the rule of the Baltic Germans over the three Governorates.
The Eastern Crusade
Black Market Small Arms
Conscript German Refugees
Black Market Artillery
Liberate Germany
The New Germany
Old Germany has failed. It falls to the shoulders of the Baltic Germans to ride forth and reconquer the Heimat, in the name of a new, nationally revived Germany.
All army commanders formerly belonging to §Y[GER.GetNameWithFlag]§! will be transferred.\n
Operation Frühlingserwachen
Operation 'Spring Awakening' has been designed by the top brass of our generals as our first plan of action in a war against Latvia. After the Latvian forces have been exhausted, we shall awaken, like an inevitable spring, and march all the way to Wolmar and Libau.
Attack Estonia
Estonia broke itself free from Baltic German rule during the collapse of the United Baltic Duchy, robbing us of Reval and the rest of our birthright. It is time for us to descend upon them and take back what is ours!
Restore German Order
Unlocks Decision: £decision_icon_small §YInvade Syndicalist States§!
Die Ostbewegung
Anschluss by Force
Force [From.GetName] to Submit
Unlocks Decision: £decision_icon_small §YForce Northern European States to Submit§!
Restore Order in [From.GetNameDef]
Unlocks Decision: £decision_icon_small §YRestore Order in Eastern Europe§!
Eastern Vanguard of the Germanic Order
Our location and the professional nature of the Baltische Landeswehr gives us a unique role in the defence of the Reichspakt from the East. We have few troops and little industry, but the experience in modern warfare which our officers bring allows us to support our more numerous and better armed allies.\n\nCompleting the §YBaltische Landeswehr§! branch of our Focus Tree unlocks the ability to send £decision_icon_small §YMilitary Missions§! to your allies in Eastern Europe, bringing benefits to both parties. Each Reichspakt member, should a Military Mission be sent to them, gives unique bonuses to you - and they, in turn, receive bonuses to §Y$MODIFIER_ARMY_ORG_FACTOR$§!, §Y$MODIFIER_PLANNING_SPEED$§! and §Y$MODIFIER_RESEARCH_SPEED_FACTOR$§! scaled according to their disparity in §YLand Doctrine§! research. In addition, one of your Generals is transferred to them.\n\nOnly one Military Mission can be sent at any given time.
Mission to [FROM.GetNameDef]
General [?ROOT.BAT_mission_general_@FROM.GetName] will be sent to [FROM.GetNonIdeologyName] to share our expertise and study [FROM.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] [FROM.BAT_military_mission_desc_text].
practice in infantry warfare.
experiments in massed armour.
defence stratagems against Russia.
experience in mass mobilisation.
experience in winter warfare.
military tactics.
Recall General [?ROOT.BAT_mission_general_@FROM.GetName]
Baltische Landeswehr Mission Present
Devolution
The cultural differences of the Baltic Duchy's constituent regions and the weakness of its central government give us only one solution for untangling this byzantine structure - devolving the powers of the government to the regions of Courland, Livland and Estland. Their Land Colleges must be granted additional power to deal with local issues and the central government in Riga turned into a paper one.\n\n§YDevolution§! is a process which allows us to remove the §YByzantine Government§! National Spirit and add a limited amount of State Modifiers to our core states.\nDevolution is accomplished through spending §YPolitical Capital§!. Upon completing the §YAnnounce Devolution§! National Focus, you receive a starting amount of Political Capital equal to one tenth of your £stability_texticon §YStability§!. You can receive some additional Political Capital through subsequent foci.\n\nFoci in the Devolution tree unlock §YDevolution Reforms§!. One point of Political Capital can be spent to implement a Devolution reform in one chosen state:\n§YRitterschule for Every Knighthood§! - §G$MODIFIER_STATE_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$§!\n§YDevolved Cultural Policy§! - §GLocal Recruitable Population§!\n§YDevolved Economic Policy§! - §GLocal Building Slots§!\n\nCurrent §YPolitical Capital§!: §G[?BAT_political_capital|0]§!
Devolution in Courland
Devolve Education in Courland
Devolve Cultural Policy in Courland
Devolve Economic Affairs in Courland
Devolution in Livland
Devolve Education in Livland
Devolve Cultural Policy in Livland
Devolve Economic Affairs in Livland
Devolution in Estland
Devolve Education in Estland
Devolve Cultural Policy in Estland
Devolve Economic Affairs in Estland
§H1 PC§!
§R1 PC§!
It costs $BAT_pp_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
§H2 PC§!
§R2 PC§!
It costs $BAT_2_pp_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
Devolution
Devolution
Devolution
Devolution
Devolution
Devolution
Devolution
Devolution
gains §H$BAT_devolution_1$§!, which grants\n   $MODIFIER_LOCAL_MANPOWER$: [?0.1|+=0%]\n   $MODIFIER_LOCAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: [?0.1|+=0%]\n   $MODIFIER_STATE_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: [?0.1|+=0%]\n
modifies §H$BAT_devolution_1$§! by\n   $MODIFIER_STATE_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: [?0.2|+=0%]\n
modifies §H$BAT_devolution_1$§! by\n   $MODIFIER_LOCAL_MANPOWER$: [?0.2|+=0%]\n
modifies §H$BAT_devolution_1$§! by\n   $MODIFIER_LOCAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: [?0.2|+=0%]\n
On a Journey
Presumed Dead
\
Puppet Führer
Secret Council
Prominent Jurist
Autocratic Charmer
National Revolutionary
Baltic
Baltic
the Baltic
Baltic Union
the Baltic Union
Baltic Union
the Baltic Union
Baltic Union
the Baltic Union
Baltic Federation
the Baltic Federation
United Baltic Duchy
the United Baltic Duchy
United Baltic Duchy
the United Baltic Duchy
United Baltic Duchy
the United Baltic Duchy
United Baltic Duchy
the United Baltic Duchy
United Baltic Duchy
the United Baltic Duchy
United Baltic Duchy
the United Baltic Duchy
Riga
Rigan
Riga
Commune of Riga
the Commune of Riga
Commune of Riga
the Commune of Riga
Commune of Riga
the Commune of Riga
Baltic Union
the Baltic Union
Baltic Union
the Baltic Union
Baltic Union
the Baltic Union
Baltic Federation
the Baltic Federation
Baltic Federation
the Baltic Federation
Baltic Federation
the Baltic Federation
Baltic Federation
the Baltic Federation
Baltic Federation
the Baltic Federation
Baltic State
the Baltic State
Baltic State
the Baltic State
Germany
German
Germany
German Union
the German Union
German Union
the German Union
German Union
the German Union
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German State
the German State
German State
the German State
Max Erwin von Scheubner-Richter
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1884, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLudwig Maximilian Erwin Richter was born to a German musician in Riga, adding the second last name \
Helmuth Stegman
Born to a former senior surveyor of the city of Riga, Helmuth Stegman acquired an education in law during the dying days of the Russian Empire. Working as a civil servant in his home town during the German occupation. The foundation of the United Baltic Duchy did little to affect his career. He acquired the lawyer's licence he wanted, worked both as a lawyer and a judge, and advanced to the Riga City Council. A political party gathered itself around him, the Baltic German State Party, a legalistic conservative movement limited to the city of Riga. Mobilising a large portion of the upper and middle class electorate propelled him to the position of Mayor, a position he's held for the past several years.
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 19th, 1892, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BAT_helmuth_stegman_desc_body$\n\nA legalistic mind, Stegman believed in thorough reform to the Baltic Duchy according to the rule of law. Throughout the years, he has submitted several projects for a constitution to the Duchy. Though none of them were approved, Riga would serve as his ground for experimentation. He reformed the horrific landscape of the Rigan legal system, ushered in a sense of stability and brought greater popular representation to the Rigaer Rat, granting him the respect of the people and allowing Riga to course through the collapse of the Duchy in one piece. A besieged, isolated Riga is something he could not predict, however. As the greatest challenge to the Baltic German nation arises, the Mayor is forced to put on a stern frown and guide its remnant, promising a bright tomorrow despite the fear in his heart.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 19th, 1892, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BAT_helmuth_stegman_desc_body$§!
Wilhelm Munter
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 25th, 1898, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGotthard Wilhelm Nikolai Munter was born to a mixed Estonian-Baltic German middle class family in Riga, growing up during the last days of the Russian Empire. Alongside the rest of the Riga Polytechnic, he was evacuated to Russia, and later recruited into the Imperial Russian Army. Inducted into the Cadet Corps, Munter was among the first to resist the October Revolution in Petrograd - sadly the sheer numbers of the revolutionaries proved too much to resist. The German soldier was imprisoned, but managed to escape through connections to the Baltics. Soon, he returned to German-occupied Riga. There, having finally found rest, Munter completed his studies in chemistry and applied to join the foreign office of the United Baltic Duchy. Throughout the post-Weltkrieg period, he became increasingly drawn to the Democratic Party and its reformist ideals. Though he never officially became a member, he became regarded as the leader of its liberal coalition in Riga.\n\nPersonality wise, Munter has been almost universally regarded as ambitious, unprincipled, and with an affinity towards intrigue. Lacking social tact and softness, he considers sentiment to be foreign to him. To Munter, emotional people are weak, insignificant dreamers and everyone he meets can only be classified into two categories - those who are useful and those who are useless. His opponents are numerous, but even those who know him well doubt he has any friends at all.§!
The Inner Circle
§YBackground:§! §LThe Inner Circle. Shadowy. Ominous. And as of late, all-powerful - at least within the borders of the Baltic State. While the Baltic Brotherhood has long consolidated its hold over the government, its senior leadership preferred to stay in the background and instead allowed for Count Rüdiger von der Goltz to serve as their eager figurehead. With the Count's recent passing however, the Brotherhood has lost its nominal leader. There were some brief fears of a power struggle, not unlike the ones in 1935. However, over a decade later, Otto von Kursell's grip on the organisation remains strong and the Führender Bruder (Leading Brother) and his Ostbewegung faction have ensured a quiet transition of power. The Regency for the long-sequestered Duke Adolf Friedrich of Mecklenburg has passed on to a small council.\n\nWhile specific details about the defacto leadership of the Circle remain sparse, and many have risen and fallen over the course of the decade, from an outsider's perspective the leading members are believed to include the aforementioned Chairman of the Convent von Kursell and General von Manteuffel-Szoege of the Landeswehr. This reactionary, German supremacist circle have worked tirelessly to militarise their nation and centralise the state. Given the circumstances, hope remains faint that there will be political liberalisation in the future, and life is expected to remain the same as it was under von der Goltz's reign.§!
Adolf Friedrich
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 10th, 1873, in Schwerin, Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOne could hardly find a place in the world which Adolf Friedrich, the first and only Duke of the United Baltic Duchy, has not seen. An erudite veteran of the Prussian Cuirassiers, a passionate hunter and an avid car racer. Adolf undertook personal pilgrimages to the Middle East, East Asia and Africa, travelling thousands of kilometres on foot and horseback. Africa and its lush wildlife hold a special place in his heart, however - he's crossed Africa from east to west, left his name upon a volcano in East Africa. Ultimately, he landed a job as the Governor of Togoland before the Weltkrieg. While definitely not a soft administrator, Adolf Friedrich displayed great interest in the lives and culture of the Togolese natives, even taking the time to learn the Ewe language.\n\nAt the end of the Weltkrieg, his experience and prestige among the German upper class led to Adolf von Pilchau's Regency Council offering the throne of the United Baltic Duchy to him. Adolf Friedrich agreed and arrived in Riga in spring of 1919, where he announced that he shall safeguard the ancient rights and privileges of the Baltic nobility, as well as do everything in his power to be a good ruler. For the most part, Duke Adolf Friedrich is a passive monarch who dedicates his institution to patronage of the arts, sciences, and sports. He's recognised as the best race car driver in the entire Duchy, surpassing all of his fellow fans of the sport. Years of experience have given him plenty of political acumen, however. Recognising the weakness of his new realm, he's begun to speak out more often, expressing the need for reform.§!
Rüdiger von der Goltz
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 8th, 1865, in Züllichau, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe Graf von der Goltz is the most powerful a non-Baltic German has ever managed to become in the United Baltic Duchy, arguably even greater than Duke Adolf Friedrich himself. A descendant of a honoured Prussian noble family with a history of military officers, von der Goltz had a long and bountiful career in the Imperial German Army even before the Weltkrieg, during which he was a division commander respected on the Western and Eastern Fronts alike. In 1918, he became the General Staff's primary asset in relations with its Eastern regions - early that year, he was sent to Finland as a representative of the German forces and promptly took control of the state as a dictator. When that became untenable, he was reassigned to the Baltic Duchy, where he laid down the foundations for the Baltische Landeswehr. The army of the Duchy owes everything to von der Goltz, and he knows that.\n\nAn aristocrat by blood and personality, the Graf has little patience for democracy and the squabbling liberals in the Landtag. While many of his fellow German veterans who helped found the Baltische Landeswehr ultimately returned to Germany, von der Goltz stayed, knowing that not only will the Duchy require his services yet again, but that he will be able to take advantage of the situation and finally rise beyond a mere chief of staff of the Landeswehr.§!
Harry Lutz
§YBorn:§! §LJune 23rd, 1900, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in Riga, Harry Lutz joined the Baltische Landeswehr in 1919 and served in the Latvian and Estonian wars with distinction. During the war, he gained a reputation for reckless, impromptu tactics on the field and a reliance on small unit tactics - one of his most well known feats is assaulting a fortified Estonian village with a heavy machine-gun alongside a small party of men, advancing despite facing a rain of bullets, seizing the village, the machine gun, and several captives without a single ally lost. He has remained in the army after the war, promoting a doctrine of autonomy, small unit tactics, and fireteam organisation to turn the Landeswehr into a force of elite soldiers.§!
Wessel von Loringhoven
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1899, in Groß Born, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA Freiherr of the famous noble family of von Loringhoven, Wessel has had an easy path through life. Immediately upon graduation, he joined the Baltische Landeswehr as a volunteer and was almost instantly promoted to a commanding officer, his regiment proceeded to wage war against the Latvians and Estonians. He continued to rapidly rise through the ranks of the military in the following years, becoming a trusted accomplice of Graf von der Goltz and a respected commander in his own right. Though his ascent is largely credited to his blood relations with Axel von Freytagh-Loringhoven, an influential member of the Baltic Knighthoods, he holds enough talent to justify his high ranking regardless.§!
Ernst Gustav Heimert von Nolcken
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1899, in Arensburg, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBaron Ernst Gustav Heimert von Nolcken was one of numerous Baltic Germans to serve in the officer corps of the Imperial Russian Army - he fought alongside the Russians in the Mariupol 4th Hussar Regiment in particular. The Russian Civil War swept him up and he continued his service as a part of Bulak-Balachowicz's army and the Northern Corps of the White Forces. When the war concluded, he returned to his homeland and pledged his allegiance to the United Baltic Duchy - and brought his expertise in the art of mounted warfare with him. Baron von Nolcken is considered to be one of the best horse riders in the Baltische Landeswehr and has earned awards in numerous equestrian competitions.§!
Heinrich von Behr
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1902, in Rönnen, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBaron Heinrich von Behr was born to the von Behr lineage, a Curonian noble family with close ties to numerous branches scattered across the German cultural sphere. At the age of 17, he volunteered for the Baltische Landeswehr, fought in Germany and chose to tie his future with the military. After completing officer courses, he continued his studies in Germany, where he became attracted to the prospect of manoeuvre warfare, based upon massed armour and the motorisation of infantry. Ever since he returned to Riga and gained his deserved commission, he has continued to promote this innovative doctrine.§!
Constantin von Weiss
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 29th, 1877, in Tsarskoye Selo, Saint-Petersburg Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe oldest commander in the Baltische Landeswehr, Constantin von Weiss was born to a family of Baltic German generals - originally commoners, who earned themselves a listing in the Adelsmatrikel of the Estonian Knighthood in the 19th century. He decided to follow the path of his father, enrolled for the Page Corps of the Imperial Russian Army, and served in the 4th Life Guards Regiment. After fighting in the Weltkrieg, he returned to the family estate in Estonia in 1917, only to be swept up by the Estonian War of Independence. von Weiss volunteered for the Landeswehr and commanded forces against the Estonians during the last months of the war, then decided to stay in the army a little longer. Though definitely experienced, the General lacks compared to his younger, more innovative peers.§!
Hans von Manteuffel-Szoege
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 19th, 1894, in Kapseden, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBaron von Manteuffel-Szoege's military career started before the formation of the United Baltic Duchy. Upon the breakout of the Weltkrieg, he, a student in Heidelberg, Germany, chose to enrol for the Imperial German Army, despite his nation's allegiance to Russia at the time, and achieved the rank of Lieutenant in the Bavarian Uhlans. Thanks to this experience and clear loyalty to the German cause, he became one of the first members of the General Staff of the Baltische Landeswehr in November of 1918. An active, reckless leader, he commanded an elite unit of Weltkrieg veterans against the Estonian and Latvian rebellions, often leading his men from the front lines without an ounce of hesitation.\n\nBy the end of the war, Manteuffel's prestige among the Baltic Germans was untold and his status as a war hero cemented. Manteuffel himself took a lunge towards the far right, however. Invited by his brother Georg, a member of the organisation's inner circle, he was inducted into the Baltic Brotherhood, and turned into a devout follower of its nationalist, pan-German, and reactionary beliefs. To the Brotherhood, he is an example of the legacy of Teutonic knighthood remaining to this day, a real hero on the battlefield. It remains to be seen whether Manteuffel gets to propel his Brothers into the power they always desired...§!
Otto Goldfeld
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 7th, 1889, in the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOtto Goldfeld is a unique case in the Baltische Landeswehr, a Reich German who serves and fights among his Baltic peers as if he were one of them. Born in Hamburg, he served as a cavalry officer in the Imperial German Army during the Weltkrieg and arrived in the Baltics under the orders of the high command, to help form the cavalry forces of the United Baltic Duchy. He was not the only one, but he was one of the few who took a liking to this brave new land and decided to stay. Goldfeld is known as compassionate, friendly, and apologetic towards the Latvian population, whose culture he has taken a great liking of and has even defended in the Rigaische Zeitung.§!
Hermann von Salza
§YBorn:§! §LApril 16th, 1885, in Haapsalu, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!
Archibald von Keyserling
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 18th, 1882, in Grobiņa, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Adam Friedrich von Gernet
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 8th, 1878, in Kiwidepäh, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!
Friedrich von Samson-Himmelstjerna
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 7th, 1872, in Reuge, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Axel von Freytagh-Loringhoven
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 1st, 1878, in Arensburg, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Otto von Kursell
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 28th, 1884, in Saint-Petersburg, Saint-Petersburg Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Edwin Magnus
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 29th, 1888, in Libau, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Ewald Ammende
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1893, in Pernau, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Arno Schickedanz
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 27th, 1892, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Paul Schiemann
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 18th, 1876, in Mitau, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Heinrich von Stackelberg
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 31st, 1905, in Moscow, Moscow Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Wilhelm Robert von Bulmerincq
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 30th, 1862, in Rengel, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Baltische Landeswehrkommission
§YFounded:§! §LNovember 11th, 1918, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Rolf von Ungern-Sternberg
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 14th, 1880, in Reval, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!
Hermann von Keyserling
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 20th, 1880, in Könno, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Adolf Constantin Pilar von Pilchau
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1885, in Sauck, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!
Bernhard Bielenstein
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 21st, 1877, in Doblen, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Wolf Kirstein
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 21st, 1887, in Sagnitz, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Gerhard Buschmann
§YBorn:§! §LJune 17th, 1910, in Poltava, Poltava Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Walter Zapp
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 4th, 1905, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
