Assyria
Assyrian
Assyria
Kingdom of Assyria
the Kingdom of Assyria
Kingdom of Assyria
the Kingdom of Assyria
Kingdom of Assyria
the Kingdom of Assyria
Kingdom of Assyria
the Kingdom of Assyria
Kingdom of Assyria
the Kingdom of Assyria
Kingdom of Assyria
the Kingdom of Assyria
Kingdom of Assyria
the Kingdom of Assyria
ASP
Assyrian Socialist Party
ASP
Assyrian Socialist Party
ASP
Assyrian Socialist Party
ALP
Assyrian Labour Party
ACDP
Assyrian Christian Democratic Party (Chaldean)
IEDC Commission
IEDC Commission
ACDP
Assyrian Christian Democratic Party (East Rites)
KKH
Khubba w Khuyada Athōraya (Assyrian Love and Unity)
KKH
Khubba w Khuyada Athōraya (Assyrian Love and Unity)
KKH
Khubba w Khuyada Athōraya (Assyrian Love and Unity)
Assyria
§MAssyria for Assyrians§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Complete the focus \
Technical Illiteracy
A population of agrarian and tribal descent, one of the main issues plaguing the Basra project is the lack of skilled personnel as forced and voluntary exclusion from the Ottoman educational system has greatly hampered the capabilities of our people. Whilst there is no lack of Assyrians with a clerical education, we severely lack engineers, scientists and educators.
Crippling Poverty
An unfair and theocratic land system has only accentuated the crippling poverty that has come to represent the Assyrians in Basra. Forced to live in shanty towns, struggling settlements in the marshes of the Lower Euphrates or in the shadow of their richer Muslim and Jewish neighbours, the war for independence has given rise to calls for a redistribution of wealth. Great differences in wealth and status between the Arabic Christians, integrated in the Ottoman system, and the adherents of the Assyrian Church of the East only further complicate the issue and have brought division into an already struggling community.
Patriarchal Dictatorship
Venerated as a Saint by his people, the patriarch of the Assyrian Church of the East has developed a union of church and state over the years wherein he and his inner circle, mostly consisting of family members, have governed and represented the Assyrian people as kings. This situation, of which Mar Shimun has grown rather fond has obstructed other political formations and given rise to a sizeable anti-patriarchal front that desires equal representation.
Ethnic-Religious Divide
The lower Mesopotamian plain has for centuries been the home of the Arab Shiites and various small splinter movements of the Abrahamic faiths. The arrival of the Assyrians in this previously Muslim dominated land has greatly upset the balance of power and their push for a Christian state in the Levant has excluded large portions of the native population. The Muslim population, desiring unification with Baghdad and their religious freedom guaranteed has become a thorn in the side of the Assyrian government as their protests, obstructionism and even guerrilla warfare in the marshes of Lower Mesopotamia continue to harass our goals.
Assyrian Division
Chaldeans, Nestorians, Protestants and Catholics. The Assyrian community, lacking strong religious authority and unity has splintered over the years and given rise to a plethora of separate communities, further amplified by missionary work of the French, Americans and British during the 19th century. With Mar Shimun of the Assyrian Church of the East harbouring the desire to crown himself king and the other groups feeling underrepresented in the new Assyrian administration, Assyria has its work carved out.
Memory of the 'Raqa Raqa'
Last Stand of Assur
Catholic Support
Those Catholics living in Assyria have appealed to their brothers and sisters in Rome and abroad. This has borne fruit and we have received aid in our struggle!
Assyrian Directorate for Education
Institutional Racism
Those who are truly Assyrian are worth more to us than those who are not. This must be reflected in law, to show the world that real Assyrians are in control here.
Assyrian Awakening
Bureau for Immigration and Resettlement
There are many immigrants to our lands, and many refugees both domestically and beyond. This new bureau shall see to their needs, and get our people settled, productive, and most importantly taxable as soon as possible.
Institute for Intelligence and Special Operations
Union of Church and State
Some nations believe that the Church and the State should be separate. These nations are rightly called foolish, for only the Church and State working in concert can keep a nation holy in the eyes of God. The clergy have been an estate for hundreds of years for a reason.
Kingdom of New Assur
The Lost Sons of Assur
Many Assyrians left the old Ottoman Empire for a better life elsewhere. Now some of them are returning home, and we shall welcome them with open arms.
Patriarchal Dictatorship
Venerated as a Saint by his people, the patriarch of the Assyrian Church of the East has developed a union of church and state over the years wherein he and his inner circle, mostly consisting of family members, have governed and represented the Assyrian people as kings. This situation, of which Mar Shimun has grown rather fond has obstructed other political formations and given rise to a sizeable anti-patriarchal front that desires equal representation.
Reformed Bureaucracy
Assyrian Constitution
Assyrian Petrochemical Union
Entente Oil Concessions
Indian Bureaucracy
Assyria lacks men of experience when it comes to running a state. We can remedy this situation by... importing... bureaucrats from India to smooth over the transition to a competent government.
Bureau for Immigration and Resettlement
There are many immigrants to our lands, and many refugees both domestically and beyond. This new bureau shall see to their needs, and get our people settled, productive, and most importantly taxable as soon as possible.
Industrial Bank of Basra
Agricultural Modernisation
Our people's methods of cultivating and harvesting are the same as they were under the Ottomans: 2nd rate methods and out of date tools. We must invest in acquiring better equipment and teaching our farmers to use them.
Rifle Standardisation
With the rebellion over, Assyria has collected an array of arms ranging from the trusty Canadian Enfield, to the unreliable Fusl Berthier. With assistance from the Canadian Military Mission, obtaining further Canadian arms will be achieved.
Weapons From the Entente
To achieve its goals in the Middle East, the Protectorate of Assyria is able to procure weapons from all around the Entente, with a specific focus on providing modern rifles to its infantry forces.
Mass Produced Entente Rifles
To achieve its goals in the Middle East, the Protectorate of Assyria is not only able to procure weapons from all around the Entente, but is also capable of manufacturing them locally at high speeds.
Signaller Corps
Assyrian Army
Militias and hastily organised units won us our freedom. To guard it from foreign aggression, we will need to standardise out army, our training, and our equipment. Nothing less will be needed to keep Assyria on the map.
Effects of §YMa'dān Resistance§! will be adjusted by:\n$MODIFIER_RECRUITABLE_POPULATION_FACTOR$: §G+5%§!\n$MODIFIER_LOCAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: §G+15%§!\n$MODIFIER_STATE_RESOURCES_FACTOR$: §G+15%§!\n$MODIFIER_STATE_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: §G+5%§!
The Protectorate of Assyria has managed to restore all the protectorates of the Persian Gulf!
§gProminent members of the Anti-Patriarchal faction will be sidelined:§!
Land Reclamation Programme
Driven from our fertile lands on the Plain of Nineveh, life has been rough for the Assyrian émigrés. An inhospitable, disease ridden and difficult swamp has become our new home as the marshes of the Lower Euphrates and Tigris became the destination of large scale resettlement operations at the tail end of the Weltkrieg. Over the year as our people grew used to their new surroundings, we carved out farmland, pastures and towns with our 'Karkas' (following the Zionist example of walled settlements) becoming the centrepiece of a large scale land reclamation campaign. Although the going is tough and frequent conflicts with the original inhabitants of the Basra region such as the Marsh Arabs and Shi'ite tribes occur, we are well underway towards establishing a new Assyria.
Expropriate Ma'dān Lands
Initiate the Irrigation Programme
Expand the al-Qurnah Settlements
Expand the al-Zubayr Settlements
Basra Cannery and Food Processing Industry
Develop Date Plantations
Develop Sugar Cane Plantations
Expand the 'Karki' System
Dominion over the Persian Gulf
Previously protected and influenced by the British navy and European oil companies, the sudden removal of the Ottoman navy from the Gulf has caused a power vacuum in what might soon become one of the most vital bodies of water in the world. With a crucial lack of materials and their eyes set on the reconquest of Europe, the British Empire has made it its mission to restore its influence over the Gulf and more importantly its oil deposits.
Establish the Protectorate of §Y[From.GetName]§!
Seize Iraqi Oil Fields
Join the Entente
Destroy Assyria
Ma'dān Resistance
Ma'dān Resistance
Ma'dān Resistance
Trucial State
Assyria Focus Tree
Assyrian Declaration of Independence
The Ottoman Empire has once again shown its true face. Having slaughtered our people and banished us to Basra, they now seek to erase the last vestiges of our autonomy, taking away our only defence against the raids that endanger our very lives. For all our suffering at the hands of Constantinople, it is clear now that only one choice remains: Assyria must be free.
Fortify the Tigris Positions
The great Tigris River provides the only natural defence preventing the Ottomans from marching on Basra, one of the few advantages we have in our struggle. The future of our people rests on our ability to hold this vital barrier, therefore every effort must be made to do so.
Propose an End to Tribal Divide
The disparate tribes of Assyria have never known a more grave danger than this. Whatever our disputes may have been in the past, in this, Assyria's greatest hour of need, there can be no division between us. We must stand together, or we shall die alone.
Expand the Assyrian Levies
The levies that have protected us from the incursions of the Ma'dān have now been called upon to defend us from the Turks, but they are simply not enough. If we are to survive, then the levies must be expanded to include every able-bodied Assyrian man that we can muster. We can afford nothing less.
Appeal to Foreign Missions
The reprehensible actions of the Ottoman Empire during the Weltkrieg have won them few friends. The plight of the Armenians saw the opinion of much of the world turn against the Turks, and our survival may depend on our ability to cause this to repeat. We must work to persuade foreign governments of the justness of our cause, and encourage them to put pressure on the Porte.
Appeal to the Holy See
Our lands are home to many Christians of many creeds, and we count among our number a sizeable contigent of Catholics. The temporal power of the Holy See may not be what it once was, but the international Catholic community remains large, and the word of His Holiness may further undermine the Ottoman position. All we must do is reach out.
Avenge the 'Raqa Raqa'
We remember the days of the Raqa Raqa, \
The Last Stand of Assur
This may very well be the final stand of the Assyrian people. If we do not succeed here, we may never get another chance at our independence, and a future as subjects of the Ottomans looks grim. The ancient land of Assur is to finally control its own destiny again, we must not fail in our duty. And if we do, it certainly won't be for a lack of trying.
Assyria Rising
After all the trials and tribulations the Assyrian people have endured, we have finally won our right to a homeland, a nation to call our own, where we may live by our own laws and decide our own destiny. We stand at the precipice of a beautiful new era, but we have much work ahead of us if we are to become a truly stable and prosperous nation. We must move at once to secure the future of our young state.
Standardise the Assyrian Language
The Assyrian language is spoken in many different ways by many different people, a reality that looms large over any aspirations for national unity. The nations of the world have gone to great lengths to ensure that a common language unites their citizens, and if Assyria is to last then she must follow suit. A body must be created to standardise the Assyrian language and ensure its uniform use.
Found the Directorate for Education
Among the many difficulties our young nation faces is an endemic lack of literacy that greatly hampers our development. It is crucial that we work to provide schooling to our people and vigorously fight illiteracy among our populace, so that they may grow into proud citizens and form the basis of a skilled labour pool that will drive our nation's growth.
Unitas in Diversitate
The state that the Assyrians have strived to create has been an exclusively Christian one, but the fact of the matter is that the borders of Assyria include numerous people who do not identify with our cause. The animosity between us will not be healed overnight, but we must endeavour regardless to prove ourselves as just rulers who will not infringe on the rights of Muslims or any other faiths.
Open the University of Basra
The crowning achievement of our newly established Directorate for Education, the University of Basra is to be the highest place of learning in all of Assyria. The brightest minds that our nation has to offer shall gather here to become the foundation of a new generation of Assyrian technicians and scientists, and help build a new tradition of Assyrian culture.
Implement Racial Segregation
Our new homeland for the Assyrians has been met with resistance since its inception. The Muslims within our borders have made no secret of their opposition to our cause, constantly obstructing our government and even pushing for the end of our state. If our nation is to survive this, we must move to preserve the undiluted will of the Assyrians, free from those who would see us destroyed.
Advance the Cultural Revolution
Ours is a nation under siege. With each day that passes, stability in the region and the world erodes bit by bit, and only a fool would believe that Assyria will be spared the coming storm. The salvation of the Assyrian nation must be a cultural revolution: an aggressive campaign to promote faith in the nation and sacrifice for her safety. Every man must do his part.
The Assyro-Iraqi Population Exchange
Despite our triumph against the Ottoman yoke, Assyrians remain beyond our borders, where our establishment of a Christian state in the Levant has opened them up to suspicion from the local Muslim populace. We wish for our brothers and sisters to come home, and the Iraqis wish for them to leave...perhaps an agreement can be reached between us.
Expand the Bureau for Resettlement
While the good work of the Bureau of Resettlement thus far has certainly been appreciated, the flow of new immigrants to the new Assyrian state require more from us. The influx of new Assyrians from Iraq and beyond have placed significant strain on the existing infrastructure, making clear the necessity of an expansion of the Bureau.
Maintain the State of Emergency
Unfortunately, our great victory against the Turks has done little to change the fact that our newborn state is beset with enemies on all sides. Our future still sits on the edge of a knife, and it would be foolish to pretend that we can afford to drop our guard while we are still vulnerable. Our wise Patriarch has deemed it necessary to keep a state of emergency for the foreseeable future, for the safety of us all.
Rally the Faithful
It is for the safety and security of the Assyrian nation that all able-bodied Christian men must be prepared to take up arms in her defence, a necessary duty in a land as endangered as ours. In the next war, we will once again be fighting to protect our hard-won independence, where the difference between life and death will be the ability of the children of God to answer the call. The Patriarch has proclaimed it so.
Intelligence and Special Operations
Our military is small, as such, we cannot afford to go into great battles against our enemies for dominance. To counter this, A new school has been opened at our military headquarters to train new officers in modern forms of small unit combat and intelligence gathering work. With these skills, our military may be able to combat larger threats.
Centralise Religious Authority
The myriad Christians of Assyria have long lacked a strong religious figure to guide them and bind them into one community. As the father of our nation, the Patriarch of the Assyrian Church of the East has seen it fit to take sole responsibility for the spiritual well-being of all Assyrian Christians, so that we may be united against our enemies.
Codify the Unification of Church and State
Nobody can dispute that the most defining trait of the Assyrian people is their Christian faith, and that the quest for an Assyrian homeland has been one of founding a Christian state. As the state is the embodiment and representative of the Assyrian people, there is no need for a secular state. In a truly Assyrian homeland, faith and state must be bound.
The Kingdom of New Assur
The splendour of our Patriarch, Mar Ehsai XII Shimun, truly knows no bounds. Under his guidance Assyria has become a free and prosperous nation, delivering us from our darkest days and into a glorious new golden age. His eyes have now opened to a beautiful new future: a New Assur to rival the Assyrian empires of old, spreading along Mesopotamia from Basra to Kirkuk...all under the glory of our new King.
Abolish the Shaykhdom of Kuwait
The Shaykhdom of Kuwait, once a British protectorate that had lapsed with the British Revolution and their subsequent withdrawal from the Persian Gulf, continues to exist within our borders as a historical relic and obstacle to our government. We can no longer tolerate this parallel authority within our lands: The time has come for Kuwait to submit to the new Assyrian state.
Consecrate the Bishoprics
The relatively recent arrival of a large amount of Christians in the area that now constitutes Assyria has meant that there simply aren't enough clergy to meet their spiritual needs. Our new role as a homeland for Christians in the Levant obligates us to oversee the establishment of new bishoprics, so that all Assyrians may have shepherds to tend to them.
The Cathedral of St. Hurmizd
The Cathedral of St. Hurmizd is to be the first Assyrian church in our new nation, and is intended to be the highest house of worship in Nestorian Christianity, playing host to the Patriarch himself. Its construction will be a very large prestige project and an important step in reversing the gloomy mentality that has set in among our people since our flight to Basra.
Denounce the Schismatics
Our great and magnificent Patriarch, in all his wisdom, has decreed that the followers of Christ cannot stand divided in the face of those who would oppose us. The schismatics who defy our Patriarch's righteous guidance and divide us further do not act in the interests of the Assyrian nation, and must be brought to heel.
Mend the Great Schism
The Nestorian and Chaldean spiritual leadership has decided that the followers of Christ cannot stand divided in the face of those who would oppose us. Assyria's survival hinges on the unity of the churches and the fraternity of all the children of God, no matter their creed. It is time for us to put our differences aside and greet each other as brothers and sisters.
Embrace the Lost Sons of Assur
The Assyrian people have been scattered to the wind like leaves, a stateless people, cast adrift to look for new homes abroad. With the establishment of an Assyrian state, these lost sons may finally return to where they will finally have a nation to call their own. After generations of pain at the hands of the Turks, we welcome them home with open arms.
Relinquish Temporal Power
Having led our people to safety in their time of need, Patriarch Shimun and representatives from the other religious groups of Assyria have agreed that the state of emergency can now be lifted, and a more permanent and responsible government be allowed to form. A convention shall be called at the earliest convenience to write a constitution for the basis of a democratic government.
Proclaim the Assyrian Constitution
After a great deal of discussion, debate, dialogue, and discourse (and at least one thrown shoe), the constitutional convention has finally managed to produce a working document. The Assyrian constitution places the Patriarch as a ceremonial head of state while also asserting parliamentary supremacy over government, and legally enshrines religious pluralism as a guiding principle of society.
Encourage Religious Dialogue
The foundation of a healthy democracy is a tradition of political dialogue, but in the unique political landscape that has formed in Assyria there is often a great deal of overlap between one's political affiliation and their religious one. As such, it is just as important that we work to open the theological sphere as much as the political one.
Open the Assyrian Parliament
In accordance with his declared intent to relinquish emergency powers, the Patriarch has seen that a Parliament be established and elections held at the soonest convenience. Once an elected body is established, a government can be formed and the dictatorial powers that the Patriarch has wielded since the declaration of independence may finally be put to rest, to the relief of many a malcontent.
Ensure the Freedom of Press
A free and prosperous media has always been a hallmark of the most developed nations. If we are to catch up with our neighbours and prove we are mighty enough to stand on the world stage with them, we must make strides to increase our influence on the global news sector. A free press will further these goals greatly.
Found the Assyrian Petrochemical Union
To stimulate the nascent Assyrian economy, the government has decided it necessary to establish a state-owned company for exploiting Assyria's crude oil deposits, a market that is becoming increasingly lucrative as the world arms itself for war. The profits from these oil ventures will hopefully fund government projects aimed at addressing the numerous issues facing Assyrian society.
Ratify Labour Laws
The oil industry is far from a pretty place to work, and the current moribund state of labour legislation has given rise to a number of legal loopholes allowing for poor working conditions to become the norm. This has already given rise to a young labour movement calling for a tightening of legal protections for workers, and many members of parliament agree that some degree of reform is called for.
Reform the Assyrian Bureaucracy
As the state matures, it has become increasingly and painfully obvious that the thus-far unstandardised and disorganised nature of the Assyrian bureaucracy is simply unacceptable. In much of the land exists a great deal of confusion as it is unclear which offices are responsible for what areas, creating a great deal of dysfunction across the government. A comprehensive review is needed.
The Frontline of Imperialism
Turks, Arabs, and Persians alike all decry the evils of British imperialism...but the Assyrian people have never known a more true friend than the British Empire. Our only ally in the Weltkrieg, it was thanks to them that an autonomous region for our people was established, which now serves as our homeland. It is in the best interests of Assyria that we embrace and deepen the ties that bind the two of us together.
Restore the Persian Gulf Protectorates
The British Empire once maintained protectorates along the coast of the Persian Gulf, these lands being lost to the Ottomans after the government's flight to Canada. However, with the Empire having restored an regional foothold in Assyria, the Gulf's strategic situation seems to have shifted in our favour. Perhaps this is the chance we've needed to restore these long lost jewels to the crown?
Secure the Kirkuk Oil Fields
The war machines of the Entente have an insatiable hunger for oil. This so-called black gold is critical to many military production lines, and any natural deposits of it have become strategically invaluable. Assyria has some of it to provide, but the oil production in Iraq significantly overshadows our own. It has become a strategic necessity that we secure these oil fields for us and our allies.
Establish the Protectorate of Assyria
After a great deal of discussion between the Patriarch and the British government-in-exile in Ottawa, an agreement has finally been reached to establish a Protectorate of Assyria so that the British may more directly aid in the development of our young nation. An Imperial Economic Development Council commission will assume responsibility for most of Assyria's day-to-day affairs, so that our fledgling state is carefully and responsibly governed.
IEDC Development Programme
The Imperial Economic Development Council has wasted no time in drawing up a detailed development plan to foster the underdeveloped Assyrian economy, with a particular focus on investments and importing technical specialists from elsewhere in the Entente to mitigate the, frankly, dismal state of Assyrian skilled labour. The plan shows great promise, and should hopefully provide a much needed shot in the arm to our economic development.
Expand Missionary Work of the Catholic Church
The Catholic Church has a very long history of sending missionaries abroad to spread the faith and aid the needy, and Assyria has no shortage of the latter. Calling upon and expanding the Assyrian network of missionaries will no doubt aid our government, reassure the local Catholic community, and provide a counterweight to the Patriarch's authority... though the other religious groups may not be as thrilled.
Curb Patriarchal Power
The political monopoly that the Patriarch of the Assyrian Church of the East possesses has proven to be more of a liability than anything else. Despite his broad popularity with Nestorians, the other Christian sects within Assyria have come to feel left behind and his autocratic government has created a sizeable, and frustrating, opposition bloc. He must be made to know his place.
Import the Indian Bureaucracy
Between the investments that the IEDC has been funnelling into Assyria and the needs of a small nation, the rather shoddy administration we have inherited simply won't do the job. The administrators of British India have a reputation for their efficiency, a trait that will prove very useful in establishing a new colonial bureaucracy.
Tribal Civil & Criminal Disputes Regulation
Assyria is host to numerous tribes, coming together to form a mind-bending web of intertribal relations and disputes, disputes that can turn violent if not resolved properly and justly. Regulations and legal circuits concerning these disputes and their mediation must be established with all due haste.
Appoint the Paramount Chiefs
Our experiences in ruling ethnically diverse regions has led to some working models. Particularly interesting is the system of Paramount Chiefs that has seen use in South Africa's High Commissioner Territories, where autonomous rulers for each ethnic groups are appointed to ensure these groups' loyalty. There are certainly aspects of this system that may translate well to Assyria's diverse ethnic situation.
Expand Farm-to-City Connections
The state of Assyrian infrastructure is...lacking. The marshes of Lower Mesopotamia are generally poor for most roads, and a lack of funds or interest from the Ottomans outside of the port has done little to remedy this. Roads and rails are necessary for industry, and if the IEDC programme is to bear fruit, ways must be found to efficiently bring rural produce to Basra for processing.
Port Basra Naval College
With the Persian Gulf Station now restored, our benefactors now urge us to improve our capacity to service it ourselves. Via a new College, made in the British mould and Anglo-staffed, the boys of our elite will be trained and educated to form the next generation of officers, technicians and even statesmen for our young nation.
Foreign Tools for Shared Interests
As an outpost of the Entente, other than ensuring the survival of the Assyrian people, controlling the oil wells of our closer environment is also important. To that end, we need to import the knowledge of our allies regarding weapons and industry.
Bureau for Immigration and Resettlement
There are many immigrants to our lands, and many refugees both domestically and beyond. This new bureau shall see to their needs, and get our people settled, productive, and most importantly taxable as soon as possible.
Establish the Industrial Bank of Basra
No new industries can be established without a source of capital, and the young Assyrian economy needs a large injection of it. The first step to the industrialisation of Assyria is the establishment of a bank to provide low-interest loans to aspiring industrial projects.
Basra Dominion Cartridge Co.
Assyria's new status as a beneficiary of the British Empire's patronage has opened up some new opportunities for joint ventures. Entrepreneurs from across the dominions have proposed the creation of a colonial arms company to help expand the local economy and aid the protectorate's armament.
Encourage Local Production
The state of the Assyrian economy is best described as infantile. A significant portion of population are subsistence farmers, and the local economy has historically been oriented around a greater Ottoman system and isn't adapting well outside of it. A scheme of subsidies and strategic tariffs can help develop local production.
The Land Reclamation Commission
Large stretches of Lower Mesopotamia are prone to regular flooding or are perpetually waterlogged, a fact that creates much fertile land but just as much marshland, unsuitable for agriculture. With a flow of immigrants expected, a commission must be established to reclaim these marshes and expand our pool of arable land.
Ma'dan Land Seizures
The demands of economic expansion and the constant flow of new immigrants has necessitated more drastic action. Despite our victory, the Ma'dan, or Marsh Arabs, continue to persist and launch raids on our settlements, and were known to shelter criminals even before our independence. Between all of these things, we have enough legal justification to appropriate their land for better use.
The Agricultural Bank of Assyria
Most farmers in Assyria do not sell much of their produce, generally only growing enough to feed themselves and their dependents with the primitive tools they have access to. Following the model of the successful Industrial Bank, we should establish a bank for providing loans to finance new and more efficient farming equipment.
Programme for the Import of Sheep & Cows
Years of strife and war in the Assyrian lands has taken its toll on our pool of livestock, drained by Ma'dan raids and Ottoman incursions. Assyria is decently suited for the raising of sheep and cattle, so we should implement a programme for importing livestock so that we may replenish our reserves.
Cash Crop Diversification
Our economy is currently based on a select few resources, one of which being our agriculture. To further economic development, we must diversify what raw materials our farms produce.
Eucalyptus Forestry Programme
The warm climate of Assyria is well suited for the cultivation of the eucalyptus tree, native to Australia and southeast Asia but grown widely as a fast-growing source of pulpwood and useful oils. The tree has all the makings of a lucrative cash crop for the impoverished nation of Assyria, one we would do well to exploit.
Commence Agricultural Mechanisation
Like most of our nation, the Assyrian agricultural sector is extremely underdeveloped as we still use ancient techniques to plough the ground and grow our crops. The great reforms in our society currently ongoing must stretch to all corners of the land, and with such a heavy reliance on our farmers, we must supply them with the best materials possible.
Modernise the Port of Kuwait
To promote the free trade of materials both in and outbound of the Persian Gulf, it is vital that the Port of Kuwait be capable of handling more modern vessels. Increasing our dockyard capabilities as well as improving the infrastructure of our ports is of the utmost importance.
Exploit the Burgan Oil Field
Oil is debatably the most important material on earth, and with our abundance of it, we must expand our facilities on the fields to further increase our impact on the world market. Burgan is home to massive supplies of oil, yet it is currently underdeveloped. We must move quickly to secure these assets.
Exploit the Magwa Oil Field
The operations in Burgan's oil fields have been a massive success for our economy. In the hopes of gaining even more, further exploitation of the Magwa Oil Field is now possible with the money we've gained from the Burgan field. Oil is the future, and we must get on now.
Reform the Assyrian Levies
The levies that have defended our homes from Ma'dan raids and so bravely won our independence have served their purpose up to now, but simply won't suffice without reforms. As a newly independent state, our military needs have greatly expanded beyond a settlement defence force, necessitating that these levies are shaped from their current state to a proper professionalised fighting force.
Form the Assyrian Coast Guard
With the advent of the dreadnought in the Weltkrieg, the navies of the world have seen incredible change. In order to stay competitive, developing a Coast Guard to protect our coastal waters and administrate our ports has been found to be the best solution, as we cannot afford a true blue-water fleet.
Entente Rifle Contracts
We have long suffered from an industry incapable of producing the weapons of war needed to ensure our sovereignty. In a bid to remedy this situation, the Entente has agreed to supply us with rifles in exchange for further cooperation with the Entente.
Standardisation of Rifles
Our military has been in a state of disorganisation since its inception. In the hopes of regimenting our military from the ground up, we must develop a universal standard for our weaponry should we wish to fight in this new modern world.
NCO Training
The Non-Commissioned Officer is the backbone of any modern military. The bridge between our enlisted men and the officers which command them, we must make certain our NCO Corps is capable of not only being this bridge, but that it is also strong enough to carry any weight which may attempt and cross them.
Integrate Radio Communication
The advent of radio has made the transmission of information almost instant. If our military is to hold an upper hand against our larger and stronger adversaries we must have a well organised command structure that allows for us to react to issues as they come up. The radio grants us this ability, as such, we must provide all units with sufficient radios and training to use them.
The Modern Markawta
The face of warfare is changing before our very eyes: the endless march of technology has yielded new markawta, or vehicles, that bear armour and guns of their own, all while moving much faster than a soldier on foot. Military theorists from home and abroad predict that these vehicles will play a decisive role in modern warfare, and that it would be foolish not to incorporate them into our strategies.
Establish the Assyrian Army
Disorganised militias is no way to organise the protection of a nation. While we are eternally grateful to our vast supply of volunteer soldiers, we must develop a professional army should we wish to stand a chance against the coming storm.
Establish RAF Shaibah
In order to ensure that our people and our land are protected from the Ottoman menace, the British have agreed to construct a base for the Royal Air Force within our borders to act as a deterrent, and to further expand the Entente's influence in the region.
Signaler Corps
In the pursuit of further military modernisation, it has been deemed necessary to form schools to begin training our own professional Signal Corps. This corps will be focused on the management of information to and from the battlefield to further coordinate our regiments. This will be a vital organ in our military in the wars to come.
Middle Eastern Listening Post
With our increasing experience in the use of radio communication, a group of ambitious young officers have approached command with an idea they have heard is used in militaries abroad; a discreet listening post fitted with advanced radio communications facilities to stalk enemy radio communications. Our commanders only had one question. 
Enact Mandatory Conscription
The war for the soul of our people is upon us, and all sons of Assyria must be called upon in this sacred act. Our current military forces are not nearly enough to hold our territory, and while volunteers are flooding in, we must look to expanding our conscription requirements to defend our home.
Shimun XXI Eshai
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 26th, 1908, in Konak, Vilayet of Van, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe Catholicos Patriarch Mar Eshai Shimun XXI was first hand witness to the horrors experienced by his people. As a young boy, he was groomed as the successor to his uncle who was the then ruling patriarch but as the Weltkrieg arrived in the Middle East and the Ottoman persecutions of the Assyrian people intensified, he was forced to flee his homeland in 1919 when a returning, revanchist, Ottoman army retook the plains of Nineveh. Ordained in 1920, just 12 years old, after the death of his uncle, he was taken abroad by his family to study in Britain and received support from the Anglican church in his endeavours. Just 5 short years later, he once more found himself on the run as syndicalist revolutionaries overthrew the British government. Returning home to his people in Basra, he took on a leading role in negotiations with the Sublime Porte and served as the unofficial leader of the Assyrian people, although real leadership was in the hands of his father David Mar Shimun and his aunt Surma d'Mar Shimun. As he grew older and his influence over the Assyrian movement grew, further reinforced by his role as official liaison between the Ottoman government and their community per the Millet system, he more openly supported the independence movement and became part of the underground organisation XXH. Lashing out against the centralising reforms of the Ottoman government, intent on eradicating the autonomy of the Assyrian community, he became the official leader of Assyria during the war for independence, a position he is unlikely to let go.§!
Dawid Shimun
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Qodshanis, Vilayet of Van, Ottoman Empire§!
Agha Petros
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1880, in Baz, Vilayet of Van, Ottoman Empire§!
Odisho Moshe
§YBorn:§! §L1919, in Baqubah, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOdisho Moshe rose to command by merely being the right man, at the right time. Only being a mere Rab Khamshi (Sergeant), he was able to rally the Assyrian Tribesmen, who are scattered within the Mesopotamian region. His early life had him defending his Karkas, to then join the Assyrian Levies and was seen as a natural leader.§!
Harold Bernard Charles Jones
§YBorn:§! §LApril 8th, 1915, in Manthorpe, Lincolnshire, England§!
Yōsip Khnanisho
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1893, in Mar Ishoo, Vilayet of Van, Ottoman Empire§!
Khoshaba Yōsip
§YBorn:§! §L1877, in Tyari, Vilayet of Van, Ottoman Empire§!
Surma Khanum
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 27th, 1883, in Qodshanis, Vilayet of Van, Ottoman Empire§!
Freydun Atturaya
§YBorn:§! §L1891, in Charbash, Azerbaijan Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Zaya Sargis
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 29th, 1888, in Jilu, Vilayet of Van, Ottoman Empire§!
Yaqo Ismail
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 12th, 1894, in Tyari, Vilayet of Van, Ottoman Empire§!
Yusuf Malek
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 28th, 1899, in Baghdad, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
Qambar Warda
§YBorn:§! §LMay 15th, 1888, in Jilu, Vilayet of Van, Ottoman Empire§!
Allan Poland
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 7th, 1888, in Hamilton, Ontario, Dominion of Canada§!
Cosmo Moray Graham
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 13th, 1887, in Cape Town, Cape Colony§!
John Tyssen
§YBorn:§! §LJune 20th, 1889, in Charlton, Bristol, England§!
Harry George Smart
§YBorn:§! §LJune 28th, 1891, in Newmarket, Suffolk, England§!
Shayin Giwargis Kikkeh
§YBorn:§! §L1887, in Mata Takhtaita, Vilayet of Van, Ottoman Empire§!
Yaqob Khoshaba
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 4th, 1900, in Alkhosh, Vilayet of Mosul, Ottoman Empire§!
Anwar Khoshaba
Yousef VI Emmanuel II Thomas
Basra Dominion Cartridge Co.
