Armenia
Armenian
Armenia
Armenia
the Socialist Republic of Armenia
Armenia
the Socialist Republic of Armenia
Armenia
the Socialist Republic of Armenia
Zangezur Copper and Molybdenum Combine
Yerevan State University
Komunistakan
Komunistakan Kusaktsutyun (Communist Party)
Syndicalistakan
Syndicalistakan Kusaktsutyun (Syndicalist Party)
Hunchaks
Social Demokrat Hunchakian Kusaktsutyun (Social Democrat Hunchakian Party)
Dashnaks
Hay Heghapokhakan Dashnaktsutyun (Armenian Revolutionary Federation)
Armenakan
Armenakan Kusaktsutyun (Armenakan Party)
Ramgavar
Ramgavar Azatakan Kusaktsutyun (Armenian Democratic Liberal Party)
ZAK
Zhoghovrdakan Azatakan Kusaktsutyun (Armenian Populist Party)
HPK
Hayreniki Prkutyan Komite (Committee for the Salvation of the Fatherland)
HPK
Hayreniki Prkutyan Komite (Committee for the Salvation of the Fatherland)
HPK
Hayreniki Prkutyan Komite (Committee for the Salvation of the Fatherland)
Tseghakronutyun
Tseghakronutyun (Tseghakronist Movement)
This §YNational Spirit§! will be §Rremoved§! once we have won our §YWar of Independence§!!
§7One §YHrats'anneri Bazhanumy§! division will be deployed to defend our homeland.§!
Nzhdeh's power has been entrenched.
We will join forces with the §rInternationale§!, receiving §YMilitary Advisors§! as well as the ability to request §YIndustrial Support§!.
§G2 Dockyards§! will be constructed in a random coastal state we own and control.
Already negotiating a trade agreement
We have negotiated at least three trade agreements.
§CDue to our alignment to the fervently §Ranti-revolutionary§! §Y[ROOT.FactionLeader.GetName]§!, the §RSocialists§! had no chance of winning the election!§!
Saviour of the Nation
The Armenian Eagle
Prestigious Veteran
Dedicated Bolshevik
The Revolutionary Fidayi
Nationalist Educator
The Returned Ideologue
Hunchak Editor-in-Chief
Greater Armenian Provinces
Armenian Kingdoms
Armenian Focus Tree
Rebuild the Capital
The heart of our nation, the city of Yerevan, has sadly not been spared by the destruction caused by our independence war. The people are in need of new homes, and our economy is in need of functioning industrial facilities. It is here that we should start our project of rebuilding the country.
Mend the Scars
The war did not just simply hurt our economy, it also hurt our people. Many have lost their loved ones, their homes, and their wealth. Some are even struggling to supply themselves and their families with food and are forced to live hand to mouth. We have to rebuild the hearts of our people before we can go on with our economic projects.
Reviving the Economy
The independence war has wrecked our economy. Throughout the country, countless buildings, especially industrial facilities, have been destroyed by the fighting. Many Armenians lost both home and workplace. In order to revive our economy, we'll have to think through every detail and plan the process of rebuilding step by step.
Agricultural Development Scheme
Agriculture is the backbone of both our society and economy. If it wasn't for our hard-working farmers, we would be forced to become dependent on imports from other countries or starve to death. Because of this, it only makes sense to start our economic revival by improving our agricultural production rates and supporting our farmers.
Expand our Railways
Railways truly are a magnificent invention. They are by far one of the fastest and safest means of transportation and have revolutionised our day-to-day life. We should work on expanding our railway network and connect some of the more remote cities to it in order to make it easier to travel across the country.
Electrify the Country
Light bulbs, telephones and radios - everything needs electricity nowadays. Making inventions like these available to the wider public would improve the standard of living in our country tremendously. Furthermore, electricity can also be used in factories to speed up production and produce higher quality goods.
Acquire Foreign Trains
Which use do our railways have if we can't put trains on them? Since we don't have the industrial capabilities to start producing trains inside of our country, we should try to purchase some from foreign producers. This will let us utilise our newly expanded railway system to the fullest extent.
The Dust Settles
Our nation was in ruins and threatened to collapse under its own weight. Still, we managed to hold on and revive not just our economy, but our country. Homes have been rebuilt, factories repaired and those in need supplied with food and shelter. The dust finally settles...
The Armenian Radio
What better way is there to inform, amuse and influence our people than a national radio broadcast? An Armenian radio broadcast will make radios and electricity even more attractive to the people and allow us to better control the exact information they receive about political events and developments.
Organise an Urbanisation Project
Urbanisation is an ongoing development that cannot be stopped and should therefore be embraced. By controlling and planning the process of urbanisation, we can guarantee that we will make the most of the city growth it entails and utilise it to improve our economic situation.
Expand Copper Mining Operations
Our country is rich in mineral deposits, especially when it comes to copper, which is found in large amount in the mountains to the north of Yerevan. Since copper plays an important role in the modern world, mainly being used in electrical equipment, it would make sense to expand our mining operations. If we want to make some profit, we'll have to dig deep and dig greedily!
Expand the University of Yerevan
The University of Yerevan, which was established in 1919, is by far the most modern and most important university of our country. An expansion of this institution would result in higher education being more easily accessible for the common people and would allow the university to offer a wider variety of different courses and degrees.
Vaccinate the People
During the winter months of 1918, typhus and other sicknesses brought thousands of our countrymen to their graves, with the First Armenian Republic proving unable to contain the pandemic. We must never again be subjected to such horrors, and shall organise a large-scale vaccination campaign to hopefully shield our people from sharing a similar fate in the future.
Finance the Military
Naturally, our nation can't survive without a proper military backing it. However, our military can only fulfil its purpose if it's financed and equipped properly. We should rebalance the budget and commit a greater amount of resources to the defence of our nation.
The Factories of Yerevan
Our army needs guns and other equipment in order to defend our country. We should improve the factories and arsenals of Yerevan so that we can better fulfil the needs of our soldiers. As a welcome side effect, this will also create some more jobs for those in need.
Armenia's Arsenal
Our men are ready to fight off every threat to Armenian independence. While their bravery is without comparison and their equipment somewhat sufficient, it certainly wouldn't hurt anyone if we were to increase the production rates of our military industry even more in order to create a stockpile large enough to last for the duration of an entire war.
The Armenian Army
We are surrounded by enemies on virtually all sides. There is only one thing that can save us from our foes: the Armenian Armed Forces. Our proud soldiers shall defend our country and teach our enemies the meaning of fear! They shall not back down and fight till their bones turn to dust!
Improved Training Programmes
What our army lacks in quantity, it has to make up for in quality. Though our men have already proven their bravery and vigour on the fields of battle, this alone won't do. If our nation is to withstand the sands of time, then we need to invest in our soldiers' training and ensure that they are capable of defending their homes no matter what terrain, weather, or foe they have to face.
Mountain Training
A good part of our nation is covered in mountains towering above the surrounding highlands. Whilst this has some drawbacks, it also tremendously improves our defensive capabilities. By training our men to utilise this nigh impassable terrain against our enemies, we can ensure that our neighbours think twice about setting foot in our homeland.
Hospitals for the Wounded
There is one resource that has become extremely rare in Armenia: manpower. To us, a single soldier is as valuable as a dozen battalions are to the Germans. We can't just simply leave the wounded to die on the fields. We have to take care of them, heal their wounds and get them back into shape. To that end, we should expand our hospitals and purchase better equipment for them.
Utilise the Knowledge of Veterans
While a large part of our army consists of fresh volunteers that signed up during our war of independence, there are also some among our ranks who have been a part of the Fidayi for decades. Their knowledge and experience could prove to be a vital advantage in the wars to come.
The Armenian Military School
An army is only as competent as its commanding officers. Our generals and field marshals have to be able to use certain strategies efficiently. To that end, we should establish a military school, where our officers will be taught modern strategies that can potentially save countless lives when used on the battlefield.
Werewolves of Armenia
Ancient tales speak of lycanthropic beasts roaming swiftly through the night, striking their prey unseen, and escaping into the dark just as quickly as they appeared. Our soldiers, too, should learn to use the darkness of the night to their advantage, so that they can strike fear into the hearts of our enemies when they least expect it.
Develop Our Artillery
One of the most efficient forms of support equipment is artillery. Throughout the years, this ranged weapon has constantly changed in terms of size, form and deadliness. Our artillery designs may not fall behind those of the other countries, lest our armies be overshadowed and outgunned by the enemies' soldiers.
A Necessary Force
Even though some may not like it, we need an army to secure our place in the world. And not just any army - we need soldiers that are ready to defend their homeland no matter the cost. We need men that can carry the weight of our entire nation on their shoulders. And above anything else, we need a military that the people can put their trust in.
The Armenian Air Force
Modern wars are no longer solely decided by the men fighting on the land and on the seas, they can also be won up in the skies. A modern and efficient Air Force can harass hostile troops, cut of supply lines and even bomb the enemy into submission. However, an Air Force can also be very costly, and it takes both time and effort to construct one from scratch. The sooner we start drawing up plans, the better.
Construct Radar Stations
Radar stations as an invention are often underrated. While not directly contributing to the combat, they can decide the outcome of a battle by providing us with valuable information. For example, they can detect enemy airplanes long before we could spot them with ordinary measures. Furthermore, they also make it easier to evaluate the current weather situation, which makes planning operation less of a headache for our generals.
Open the Yerevan Airport
The newly established Armenian Air Force needs a central base to operate from. By opening an airport in our capital city of Yerevan, we can kill two birds with one stone: Our Air Force could use this airport as a headquarter for its operations and our government could use it to increase our import and export rates by opening it up to cargo planes.
Specialise on Smaller Aircraft
Just like our country itself, our industrial capabilities are quite small. Since we cannot afford to build resource-draining plane types such as heavy bombers or heavy fighters, we are more or less forced to specialise on smaller planes. However, we should not judge them by their size, since light fighters, reconnaissance planes, and the like can be just as valuable as larger aircraft if used correctly.
Building an Air Force
Obviously, an airport is not enough. The Armenian Air Force also needs planes in order to be able to conduct operations. The construction of workshops and factories specialised on producing and repairing airplanes fit for our military will guarantee that our pilots never run out of high quality aircraft.
Defend the Armenian Skies
Until now, we have focussed most of our defensive efforts on ground warfare and have mostly been building fortifications designed to counter infantry, artillery, tanks and suchlike. However, we also have to watch the skies and defend our cities from aerial bombardments, a goal which will require the use of stationary anti-air guns.
Eyes in the Sky
One of the most significant advantages of modern aircraft is that it can be used to spy on enemies from a safe distance. Reconnaissance planes, for example, are capable of gathering vital information without getting into firing range of the enemy on the ground. As Sun Tzu once said: \
The Armenian Navy
Not only have we managed to assert our independence against the might of the Ottoman behemoth, but we have also secured ourselves a coastline. From potential trading partners to a strengthened military presence, this has opened up a great plethora of possibilities for our fledgling state and vastly reduced our reliance on our neighbours. We may still have our work cut out for us, but soon enough, the Armenian Navy shall take to the seas!
Protecting Our Waters
We have our coast and have laid claim to our waters. Now, it is time that we focus on defending what we have gained. The construction of a few coastal fortifications should already go a long way, but if we truly seek to protect our interests and project our military prowess on the seas, then we will have to build up a strong and capable navy. This will without a doubt be a costly and time-consuming endeavour, but the sooner we start, the earlier we'll be able to reap the benefits.
Towards a Modern Fleet
Though we were able to get a hold of numerous Ottoman naval blueprints after we declared our independence, they, too, are dated. They merely present us with a foundation that needs to be built upon, and our plans to defend our small portion of the seas cannot be realised if our ships are decades behind those of our neighbours. For our navy to stand a chance, it is paramount that we stay on top of the rapid technological developments made in the field of naval warfare.
Request Foreign Vessels
What we lack in industrial capacity can easily be made up for by our trustworthy allies. Unlike ourselves, they have a long history on the seas and proud naval traditions, so why shouldn't we use their knowledge, expertise, and industry to our advantage? After all, a few simple designs and vessels would already be a major help in kickstarting the Armenian navy, and it certainly wouldn't hurt our allies to provide us with them.
An Armenian Merchant Marine
Considering the size of our country and economy, we cannot hope to compete with the naval powers of our time and would only waste costly resources pursuing the production of ships geared for war. Instead, we should seek to foster our economic growth by exploring the mercantile opportunities that lie across the sea. For that, we are going to need to build up a navy fit for shipping and trade - an investment that will soon enough pay its dividends.
Open Up Our Market
When foreign entrepreneurs think of Armenia, they shall think of a young and nigh-untouched market, filled to the brim with potential for investments. Similarly, the nations of the world shall see us as a trustworthy partner with whom they'd happily conduct business. By loosening the restrictions on trade and investments, we can pave the way for economic cooperation that goes beyond our borders, to the benefit of our economy.
Refurbish Batum's Infrastruture
Given its proximity to the front lines, it should not come as a surprise that Batum has suffered under the weight of the recent war. Parts of its harbour have fallen into disrepair, the roads have seen better days, and the city's development stands halted. Given that Batum has quickly become one of the most important cities of the nation, we should divert the necessary funds to alleviate these problems and use this opportunity to link it up with the rest of our country.
A Navy of Our Own Making
In a feat as important as the creation of our own navy, we can rely on no one but ourselves. As funding has already been diverted to the research of new designs and technologies, it is now just the production of the vessels envisioned by our engineers that still needs to be realised. By expanding our dockyards, we can soon begin assembling a small but mighty fleet.
Over Land and Seas
Air superiority is beginning to play an increasingly larger role, not just in land warfare but on the seas as well. If we hope to protect our waters from foreign intruders, we cannot rely solely on our navy, lest our ships be sunken to the depths of the ocean in one swift attack from above. Thus, we need to expand our air force so that we can both protect our own ships and attack those of our enemies, allowing us to truly rule the waves.
The Batum Naval Academy
The Armenian navy is still young and our admiralty thus rather inexperienced. Whilst this problem cannot be solved in an instant, the opening of a naval academy will ensure that the Armenian admirals of tomorrow are ready for all that the sea might demand of them. After all, it is not just our ships but the brains behind them that have to defend our interests and bring honour to our name.
Foster Trade Relations Across the Sea
Even when confined to the Black Sea, there is so much that maritime trade has to offer for us. From Romanian oil and Ukrainian grain to the riches of Russia, our new coast grants us access to markets of great value, with the potential to greatly increase both the standard of living and the industrial capabilities of our country. All that's left for us to do is to reach an agreement with our maritime neighbours that will allow for the unhindered flow of goods across the sea.
Filling the Coffers
We may not be as rich in natural resources or as much of an industrial powerhouse as other countries, but still, we have managed to turn a profit from what we have. By exploring new markets to sell our agricultural produce and the ores once slumbering beneath Armenian soil, we have created a steady stream of revenue - and as long as it is sustained, the financial reserves of our nation shall never run dry again!
The Scourge of the Black Sea
Modern naval warfare has many faces. Whilst the construction of larger ships would put an unbearable strain on our economy, keeping us from assembling a fleet in being, trade warfare is a strategy we can pursue. Smaller ships, striking our enemies where they are most vulnerable and retreating before their foe can retaliate. Soon enough, we shall make our enemies fear the waters that surround them!
The War of Liberation
After living under foreign rule and oppression for centuries, the people of Armenia finally said: \
Fortify Yerevan
If we want to win this war, we'll have to fortify our mountains and defend them whatever the cost may be. Building fortifications around our capital city of Yerevan will surely make this task much easier and save the lives of many young men.
Centralise the Movement
We cannot hope to win the war if every Armenian fights for himself. We can only win by fighting as one, united and centralised. In order to achieve this, the Armenian people will have to rally behind a central leader - and there's only one person suitable for this position: Nzhdeh.
Organise a Propaganda Campaign
Some parts of the population still have a rather sceptical attitude towards Nzhdeh and his government, fearing that they only act in their own interests, not those of the Armenian people. Launching a large-scale propaganda campaign could help remedy this issue whilst also raising support for our war effort.
Fight until the End!
Never again shall the Armenian people be subjugated by foreign invaders! For far too long, we have lived in agony under the boots of tyrants! We shall break these chains, now and forever, and even if we fail to achieve the Armenian dream, then we can at least give our lives for the country of our fathers!
Organise Dashnak Veterans
The Dashnaks have fought in the name of the Armenian people for many years now. Even though this fight may not have been an open war but rather took the form of a resistance movement that launched a few small insurrections, the experience the Dashnaks have gathered throughout these years moulded them into great fighters that can withstand even the most superior forces.
Unite the Fidayi
The term Fidayi describes Armenian civilians who left their homes and families in order to protect Armenia from the barbaric and bloodthirsty Turks. Now that Armenia has become a real nation, we have to unite these Irregulars into organised troops in order to lay the foundations of a modern and professional army that can defend our beloved country.
Integrate the Militias
Now that the Armenian army has been officially established, we can begin to integrate the militia troops scattered throughout our country into a wider and better organised command structure. This will also allow us to use modern strategies on the battlefield, which will improve our chances of withstanding a potential invasion immensely.
A Professional Army
The core of every modern army is professionalism. Without discipline and proper training our soldiers will drop like flies and leave Armenia wide open to the enemy's forces. Let's bring our training methods up to today's standards and create an army that our people can be proud of!
The Saviour of Armenia
In Armenia's hour of need, one man stood up to save the nation from its approaching enemies. One man decided to ignite a flame that neither the Turks nor the Russians or anyone else can extinguish. This man was none other than the heroic Nzhdeh, saviour of our nation.
Keep the Fidayi Decentralised
Throughout the last few decades, the Fidayi, irregular units composed of Armenian volunteers, kept our nation and our people save from the Turkish oppressors. Without their protection, the Armenian people probably wouldn't exist anymore. So why should we change something about the way they operate? Haven't they proven their efficiency already?
Use Guerrilla Tactics
When fighting against a clearly superior foe, guerrilla warfare is by far the most efficient strategy to use. By ambushing our enemies where they would least expect it and by cutting off their supply lines, we can cause high casualties while suffering barely any ourselves. This will make the other nations think twice before attacking us!
A Call to Arms
It is the duty of every Armenian man to protect his country in its time of need. Every additional man on the front lines could potentially tip the scales and turn the tide of the war. If we all work together to achieve our common goal of an independent Armenian state, we cannot fail and cannot be broken!
Mobilise the People
Many men have heeded [ARM.GetLeader]'s call to arms and are just waiting to be equipped and deployed on the front lines. We should organise these new recruits into small militia groups that can act independently from each other and thus react quickly and decisively on enemy movements.
Coordinate with Teheran
We are not alone in our fight against the Ottomans. Indeed, nations from all across the Middle East have come together to finally rid the world of this rotten Empire. [PER.GetNameDefCap] is one of them. Following our recently formalised alliance with them, they have offered to send us military advisors in order to defeat the Turkish beast.
Freedom at Last
What has long been deemed impossible has finally come true. At last, our people have been freed from foreign rule and oppression, and the Armenian nation stands victorious over the Ottoman Empire. Though there is still much more to be done, today we celebrate our victory and mourn those we have lost.
Armenia Above All!
There is only one nation we truly have to care about: Armenia. Our people have proven their greatness time and time again throughout history, yet they are barely recognised for their bravery by other countries. Soon, they shall learn to respect us!
Promote a National Identity
Large parts of our population speak the same language, share the same values and live by similar traditions, giving our people a sense of unity and cohesion. In accordance with the Tseghakronist cause, it is our duty to formalise this national identity and to promote it through any means necessary.
The Armenian Ideal
A good Armenian should be diligent, brave, deeply religious and, above all, obedient. If we want our people to embrace these traits, we'll have to promote them vigorously. Schools shall amend their curicula to teach our children the value of these qualities and posters promoting these ideals shall decorate the streets of our cities.
The First Christian Nation
Religion is one of the pillars of Tseghakronism. The trust our people put in the Armenian Apostolic Church is what held them together while our nation was under foreign occupation, and, with Armenia having been the first nation to officially adopt Christianity, religion has always been an important part of Armenian culture. Let us show the world what true Christians look like!
Nzhdeh's Cult of Personality
Without Nzhdeh, Tseghakronism wouldn't exist. He was the one that led our nation through the dark and into the light. The entire country of Armenia owes him its freedom and liberty. It is about time that we make his status as a national hero official. Henceforth, all shall applaud the Armenian Eagle!
Armenian Expansionism
If our nation is to prosper and flourish, we need to expand our borders, and if we have to invade other countries for that to happen, then so be it. Soon, we shall reign supreme in the Caucasus and beyond - and our people are going to reap the benefits of these conquests.
Retaliation against the Turks
Our history with the Turks is...difficult, to say the least. They enslaved our people for centuries and oppressed any form of resistance against their tyrannical regime. While we couldn't do anything about this for a very long time, the Turks have just taken a heavy beating and are now far weaker than ever before. It is time for our revenge...
Reclaim the Highland of Karabakh
The region of Karabakh has historically been tied to our nation, but was wrongfully taken from us during the Caucasus Conference of 1919. Back then, we were in no position to fight this dictated peace and were forced to become subjects to the Sublime Porte. Now that we have regained our freedom from the Turks, however, we can finally take back what is rightfully ours.
Eternal Superiority
The Armenian people can truly be proud of themselves. All on their own, they have created an eternal state, one that can withstand the sands of time itself. Others may try to take away what we have achieved, but they will all fail and be forced accept that Armenia is here to stay!
Safeguard Our Independence
The utmost goal of the Survival Party has always been to secure the independence of Armenia. We will have to begin building fortifications, conscripting young men and preparing our soldiers for the inevitable. No enemy shall ever set foot on Armenian soil!
Words Backed by Firepower
Our government is, naturally, heavily influenced by the military part of the coalition. While some radical republicans like to highlight the disadvantages of this, it also has many benefits. For example, our regime is less vulnerable to coup attempts, since the military can hardly coup itself. We should try to convince the wider public of the fact that a military government isn't as bad as it may seem on first glance.
Fortress Armenia
While the mountains of our nation give us a natural line of defence, they are not enough. We can't completely rely on nature to keep our enemies at bay. We are in need of strong fortifications, capable of withstanding enemy fire and bombardments, which will keep the Armenian people safe and secure.
Integrate the Military into the Government
Our military has become a natural part of our government. No longer shall these two institutions stay separated, it is time to unify them. This will allow the army to influence our politics even more, but also make it easier for the Dashnak part of the coalition to control this influence.
Increase Military Research Funds
With the military growing ever more influential, voices within the government advocating an increased allocation of funds to our institutes for military research have grown louder as well. Since there's no denying that advanced technologies and equipment would greatly increase the capabilities of our armed forces, we should heed their calls and begin altering our budget plans accordingly.
Secure Dashnak Support
While a large part of the Dashnaktsutyun support the Survival Party, there are still some members wishing for a change in government and the establishment of a true republic. We should show these people our good will and convince them that we are the only force strong enough to guarantee the independence of the Armenian state.
The Revolutionary Idea
While not fully being in favour of a Syndicalist system, the Dashnaks always wished for a moderate revolution in the economy. With their new position in the government, they can finally implement the changes they've dreamed of for years and show the workers of our country that no complete upheaval of the political system is needed in order to achieve a better life.
A New Social System
The Dashnaks not only want a moderate revolution in the economy, they also want to tackle our social system. From now on, equality and solidarity shall play a bigger part in the day-to-day life of the Armenian people. While not completely getting rid of the capitalist system, the Dashnaks also seek to reduce the importance of personal wealth in our society.
Protecting the Revolution
We have achieved a society that doesn't solely rely on capitalist or revolutionary doctrines. We have found a third way, one that unifies the advantages of both systems and compensates their flaws. We have to protect what we have accomplished, lest our society should take a step back into the last century.
Fight for Our Freedom
We Armenians have always been brave people and have never feared a good fight. With our precious freedom being regained, we have a cause we can fight for more fiercely than ever before. History shall remember the stout-hearted Armenian soldiers fighting in the name of liberty against the tyrants of their time!
Reconcile with Our Former Enemies
Our people share a long history with the Turks, and many reserve a special kind of hatred towards them. However, if our nation is to survive, we need cordial relations especially with our more ambitious neighbours, and since the Turks have also experienced a change in government in the near past, they might be a good start.
Bolster Armenian Nationalism
Our people can and should be proud to be born Armenian. They share a rich history, a beautiful language and a common national identity. It is our duty to emphasise the importance and greatness of Armenian culture. After all, it is what sets us apart from the other nations and what defines both our country and our future.
A Benevolent People
Kindness, pride, humility, courage, benevolence and diligence - these are just some of the traits often associated with the average Armenian. We should show the world the good will and the overall greatness of the Armenian people by living in unity and harmony.
Promote Heroism
If it were not for the heroes of our independence war, we would still be subject to the vile Turks. If it were not for the heroes of democracy, Nzhdeh would have brought our nation death and destruction without opposition. Time and time again, our people have been saved by the heroes of the day, and now, it is time to encourage the heroes of tomorrow!
Crack Down on Criminals
The social disorder and general chaos caused by the sudden outbreak of our independence war made it nigh impossible for our government to focus on hunting down lawbreakers, meaning that more often than not criminals, especially petty ones, would stay unprosecuted. This resulted in a wave of crime across our country - an issue that has to be tackled, if necessary even with the help of the military.
Reform the Military
Although our military might have been competent enough to win our independence war, this was only the case because the Ottomans were severely weakened and fighting a war on multiple different fronts. If we want to be able to stand on our own two feet, then we will have to reform our military, beginning with the leadership and high command of our armed forces.
End the State of Emergency
The state of emergency was declared to allow Dadian and his followers to secure their new position as the government of the Armenian people. As it seems that there are no longer any threats to Dadian's righteous rule, the end of the state of emergency should be proclaimed and other democratic parties reallowed.
Liberalise the Nation
It was always Dadian's goal to liberalise and democratise the nation. Now that the state of emergency has been lifted, he can finally start to work on achieving this goal. The first step towards a more democratic and liberal nation is, in his eyes, the opening of public schools and the encouragement of foreign investments.
Enact Social Reforms
When it comes to our social system, our country is still severely lacking in multiple aspects. If we want to increase the standard of living across the nation, we'll have to carry out some major reforms. For example, we should guarantee the freedom of religion, make healthcare more affordable and simplify the administration.
Attract Foreign Investments
A steady influx of foreign capital is needed in order to prevent our economy from stagnating. Subsequently, the Ramgavar have now brought forward a proposal aimed at making investments in our industry more lucrative and attractive to foreign entrepreneurs by introducing tax cuts and diversifying our exports.
The First Popular Assembly
With the revolution being achieved, it is now the time to decide the future course of the country. Two main factions have formed: the Communists and the Hunchaks, both aiming to carry the torch of the revolution. We shall organise the First Popular Assembly, which shall decide who should lead our people into their glorious and prosperous future.
Victory of the Hunchaks
The Popular Assembly has concluded - and chosen the Hunchaks to carry on the revolution! The Hunchaks promised the implementation of social reforms, the expansion of workers' rights and the protection of the revolution no matter the cost. With them guiding the way, our nation shall become a beacon of socialism!
Codify Labour Rights
We cannot accept that some of our countrymen have to live in poverty while working full-time. Even though the workers are the backbone of our country, they are being treated worse than slaves. From now on, child labour will be officially forbidden, a minimum wage specified and a maximum number of work hours in a week established.
Introduce Socialist Reforms
When it comes to our social system, our country is still severely lacking in multiple aspects. If we want to increase the standard of living across the nation, we'll have to carry out some major reforms. For example, we should guarantee the freedom of religion, make healthcare more affordable and simplify the administration.
A Revolutionary Army
Our main goal of protecting the revolution can only be achieved with the help of a well-trained and adequately equipped military. We shall reorganise our forces into the Armenian Revolutionary Army, implement new training methods and make the chain of command easier to follow and more efficient.
Victory of the Communists
The Popular Assembly has concluded - and chosen the Communists to carry on the revolution! This more radical faction has promised to completely reform the economy with an emphasis on a Marxist base and to take action against social inequality. Let's hope that they can achieve their goals and turn our state into the paradise Marx dreamed of!
Begin the Process of Collectivisation
How can we call ourselves a nation of equals when there are still some using their property for their own gains and not for the good of society? We have to clamp down on these selfish people by collectivising major factories and landholdings and directly integrating them into the state economy. After all, even though they may not believe us, it is only for their own good!
Nationalise the Economy
There is still a number of companies in our country trying to exploit the market for their own profit - disgusting and unacceptable behaviour! By nationalising these enterprises, we can guarantee that they only think about what is best for our country and our society while also controlling the implementation of workers' rights.
Marxist Guidance
As Marx once said: \
Our Western Brethren
We are not alone in this world. To the west there are countries that had their regimes toppled in the wake of a Syndicalist revolution and are now looking to support like-minded governments all across the globe. Seeing how similar our ideologies are, they'll surely see us as a friend and grant us any support we need.
Vanguard of the Revolution
Technological advancements can make the difference between a failed state and a rising power. If our revolution is to survive these difficult times, we'll have to support the great minds of our country and grant them all the financial help they need for their research. They shall be the vanguard of our revolution!
Exporting the Revolution
While our people live in heaven on earth, there are others in other parts of the world still suffering from their oppressive regimes. We aren't any better than those exploiting and suppressing these people if we just stand by idly doing nothing. We have to free those in need of our help from their chains! This revolution shall be a global one!
The Revolutionary Ideal
We have achieved the ideal revolution. Without a need for bloodshed, we were able to completely change our society. Our people can live happy and untroubled lives without a capitalist upper class exploiting them for their own gain. We have become an example for nations from all around the world to follow.
The Lone Stronghold of Socialism
Our freedom has been paid for with the blood of Armenia's sons. Too many have perished already, and by joining forces with the wider Internationale, we would risk being drawn into an even deadlier conflict, one that could devastate our nation for years to come. Thus, we should look inwards and secure our revolution without drawing the ire of the reactionary forces surrounding our state.
Crack Down on Anti-Socialist Agitators
Though the Armenian revolution finds its legitimacy in the will of the people, there are still numerous traitors lurking within our borders, waiting for an opportune moment to rise up and topple our government. The threat they represent must be extinguished, lest the reactionary embers turn into an all-devouring flame that we cannot hope to escape.
Rapid Industrialisation
Though the nationalisation and collectivisation of our economy has already greatly improved our nation's industrial capabilities, we cannot stop now. We have to gather what funds we can and allocate them to our economic sector, constructing new industrial plants and improving our nation's transportation system in order to turn Armenia into the economic powerhouse of the Caucasian Mountains.
Prepare for the Inevitable
It is no secret that our neighbours have long been eyeing up our lands. Whether they strive for territorial conquest or desire to crush the revolutionary government, they pose a serious threat to our independence and prosperity. We have to rally our defences and prepare our soldiers for the oncoming onslaught - after all, time is of the essence and everything at stake.
The First Armenian Elections
Although Nzhdeh may have helped our nation survive our independence war, his political views are less than ideal and not fit for the ruler of our people. We need a democratic system, be it a revolutionary or a moderate one. It is time to hold the first Armenian elections! The people shall decide who should guide them into a better future!
The Caucasian Dream
It was always the dream of the various Caucasian ethnicities to achieve freedom and liberty for their people. After centuries of struggle, the Armenian people finally managed to attain theirs and to establish an independent Armenian state. Now, it is time to defend what we have gained. The Caucasian dream shall not be crushed!
Maintain the National Integrity
The Armenians are not alone in their struggles - they have each other. They can trust their fellow countrymen and their government. They know that every Armenian will stand up for them should they ever be threatened, and they know that their government does everything in its power to protect their rights and to provide them with the basis for a prosperous life.
Political Reconciliation
There are some parts of the opposition that don't view us as political allies trying to protect our precious democracy, but rather as enemies taking away their chance to rule the nation. However, it is important for the different democratic factions to hold together and radiate unity. We should try to reconcile with some of the parties sceptical of our political course.
Individual Innovation
One of the most notable advantages of liberalism is the concept of individual innovation. Because every person has to think for themselves, people will come up with new and sometimes ingenious ways to deal with common problems, allowing our society to become more efficient and productive overall.
Victory of the Ramgavar
The people have voted and the results are coming in! The Ramgavar, a party advocating liberalism and capitalism, has managed to secure a landslide victory. Under the protecting hand of this party, Armenia shall enter an age of individualisation and economic growth!
A Neoclassic Economy
The neoclassic economic theory states that supply and demand can be brought in accordance with one another by letting the free market adjust the prices. Both consumers and producers try to defend their interests, leading to compromises which guarantee that the needs of both sides are satisfied.
Protect Property Rights
Every individual should have the right to use, sell, and alter their own economic goods according to their own liking. If we want to create a truly free and liberal state, we'll have to make sure that these property rights are protected, lest savage processes like nationalisation and collectivisation strip away the freedom of the individual.
Individualise our Society
While a certain feeling of cohesiveness and solidarity is needed for a state to function, we shouldn't let the development of the individual be restricted by a blooming group identity. Every person has the right to find their own way in life, to develop their own personality and to achieve their own personal freedom.
Promote Christian Values
Every person should have the right to shape their own life and to make decisions however they please. However, this has to be done in accordance with a moral codex if a peaceful coexistence shall be possible in our society. This moral codex can be found in the form of Christian virtues and teachings, that have already influenced the way our ancestors behaved centuries ago.
Victory of the Dashnaks
The people have voted and the results are coming in! Hoping for changes to the social system, the majority of our citizens decided to vote for the Dashnaks, a social democratic party promising to socialise the nation and to turn the day-to-day life of the average Armenian into something worth living for.
Popular Democracy
The entire point of democracies is to apply the will of the people to the nation's politics. This goal is best achieved by establishing a popular democracy, a more direct form of democracy based on popular referendums. This form of government will allow us to include every Armenian in the decision-making of the government.
A Fair Minimum Wage
The workers are the lifeblood of every society. Sadly, they are quite often also treated as dispensable resources and given only breadline wages. In a country in which the people are supposed to live freely and happily, this is unacceptable! A fair minimum wage will solve this problem and guarantee that every Armenian lives above the poverty line.
Reconsider Marxist Ideas
Even though we may not be a fully socialist country, there is still much to learn from Marx and his writings. Overall, his ideas weren't all that bad and could probably contribute to the wealth of our society if we manage to combine them with the modern capitalist economic system.
Socialise our Economy
The production of goods shall no longer be a private endeavour, but rather a collective one. Multiple people working together to achieve a common goal will always have a higher rate of success than the lonely individual. Furthermore, it will also boost the morale of our workers, since working in a group always sparks joy.
The Beacon of Oriental Democracy
Democracy as a concept hasn't really caught on in the Orient. While many of our neighbouring countries still applaud their monarchies and military regimes, we have managed to establish a stable and almost flawless democracy. We have become a shining beacon in the otherwise dark Orient, a guiding light for countries near and far!
United Fidayi
The Fidayi volunteers have been strictly organised into divisions and battalions with a clear command structure. This allows our soldiers to carry out our plans with utmost efficiency, and will result in less costly and overall more successful military operations.
A Modern Army
The command structure of our military has been modernised and professionalised. Just like the armies of Europe and North America, ours too now consists of well-disciplined and well-trained soldiers, ready to defend their homeland no matter the cost.
Separated Fidayi
We have decided to maintain the separated nature of our Fidayi volunteers, which allows them to act independently and quickly. Furthermore, the requirements for joining these irregular units were kept relatively low, creating a broader pool of eligible recruits.
Fidayi Guerrillas
Our decentralised force is more than capable of waging an all out Guerrilla war. Our soldiers shall hide in the mountains and forests and strike our foes when and where they will least expect it, allowing us to inflict a great amount of casualties while suffering barely any ourselves.
[PER.GetAdjective] Attaché
[PER.GetNameDefCap] has sent military advisors to Armenia, in an effort to improve joint operations in their war against [OTT.GetNameDef]. Their presence should go a long way in helping the disorganised Armenian forces become a proper army in the future.
Temporary Unity
Though the different political parties of our nation may not agree on everything, there's one thing that is of utmost importance for all of them: the independence of the Armenian state. With this goal in mind, they've decided to lay aside their differences and to focus on the common enemy...for now.
Destroyed Economy
The outbreak of our independence war has had a severe impact on our economy. Facilities have been destroyed, workers were drawn to the front lines, and trade with other countries has come to a halt. It will take some time for our economy to fully recover.
Slow Economic Recovery
With the war being won, our economy is ready to begin the process of recovery. Though it will be a long and costly endeavour, the first steps in the right direction have already been taken, and our politicians seem confident that our economy will soon regain its former strength.
Social Chaos
Not only our economy, but also our people have been hurt by the war. There are countless Armenian souls who have lost everything: their job, their home, even their family. It is up to us to bring hope into their lives and to save them from falling into poverty.
Planned Economy
With every step of our economic recovery being planned by our government politicians, we can assure that resources are allocated where they are needed the most. Once our economy has fully recovered, we should furthermore plan our production in order to make sure that the needs of our people are met and no resources are being wasted.
Agricultural Development Scheme
Without farmers, our society could not exist. Seeing how reliant we are on them, it is only fair that we use a part of our resources to raise their living standards and to develop their means of production. This will also increase our agricultural output and thus reduce the risk of famines in the future.
Rising Military Expenditures
The only way to fully safeguard our independence is to maintain a well-financed military. With rising military expenditures comes more modern equipment, greater capabilities of our military facilities, and thus also a better chance for our nation to survive the wars to come.
Greatly Financed Military
$ARM_military_budget_desc$
National Vaccination Campaign
Throughout history, plagues and diseases have been the cause of many deaths. However, with the help of modern medicine, we can contain the spread of certain diseases and limit their influence on the health of our people. Soon, every Armenian will be vaccinated, and the mortality rate drop tremendously.
The Armenian Army
Just like our people, our army too is defiant, determined, and unbreakable. Our soldiers value the freedom of their country more than even their own lives, and will defend it fighting tooth and nail, side by side with their brethren.
Armenian Greatness
The Armenian people are known for their courage, their patriotism, and their iron will. Through centuries of foreign occupation, they did not falter and continued to await the day on which Armenia would finally be free again. Now, this day has come, and our ancestors are smiling upon us.
The Armenian Identity
Our people are united by a common identity. They share the same values, speak the same language, and live by the same beliefs. However, above all, they share the pride in their homeland and the will to defend it against any foe that may threaten its independence.
Armenian Defiance
For centuries, the Turkish tyrants tried to shatter the will of the Armenian people, but they stood defiant and resisted. This defiance is what saved our people from their certain doom, what brought them their independence, and what will keep our nation alive in years to come.
Armenian Expansionism
For far too long, other countries have been able to push as around as they please because of our inferior numbers and lack of both strength and territory. It is time for us to evolve from simple prey to apex predators, and to acquire the land needed for Armenia to become a force to be reckoned with.
Greater Armenian Ambitions
As the state seeks to expand its borders, restoring the glory of the Armenian nation that was once deemed lost, the people must heed the calls of Nzhdeh and take up arms against their would-be oppressors. The path ahead may be difficult, but in the end, Armenia shall triumph and reign supreme forevermore!
Armenian Youth Movement
The politicisation of our people has to start at a very young age, lest their minds be poisoned by western ideas. The Armenian youth movement will ensure that the younger generations stay loyal to the Eagle of Taron, whilst also organising free time activities and practical workshops.
Armenia's Last Stand
Although our independence has been secured for the moment, there are numerous countries eyeing up our lands. If we let ourselves get beaten now, the dream of an independent Armenian state might die with us. This is something we simply cannot let happen and have to prevent at all costs!
A Moderate Revolution
Whilst the Dashnaks didn't accomplish the revolution the other democratic and revolutionary parties and their followers had desired, they still managed to pass reforms that greatly enhanced the standard of living across our nation.
An Army with a State
With the military command being integrated into the government structure, the leading cadre of our army is now capable of influencing the nation's politics to a great extent, allowing it to militarise the people and to prepare them for the wars to come.
Armenian Pride
Boghos Dadian has managed to strengthen and to rekindle the pride of the Armenian people that has been suppressed for centuries. By emphasising the rich history and traditions that define the Armenian culture, his endeavours have successfully led to the birth of a national sentiment that won't be so easily banished from the Armenian minds.
Reformed Military Command
In modern warfare, a battle is seldom decided by the abilities of the individual soldier, but rather by the tactical knowledge of his superiors and the efficiency of the chain of command. Whilst the military command of our young nation had long been a rather chaotic mess, the government's efforts to rationalise the military hierarchy and organise the command structures have proven to be quite effective, thus greatly improving the capabilities of our armed forces.
Socialist Welfare
Socialism has brought Armenia prosperity, peace, and freedom. The efforts of our government have created a country in which the people are living in milk and honey and in which no one has to suffer from the effects of capitalism.
Defending the Revolution
What we have achieved may never be undone, and our revolutionary paradise may never be destroyed by the reactionary forces surrounding us. We shall militarise our people and raise our defences in the name of the revolution!
Syndicalist Military Advisors
Thankfully, our friends in the Third Internationale have decided to reinforce their ties to our new government by providing us with skilled military advisors. These combat-hardened veterans will be of great use in the planning of our defence and the preparation of our armed forces.
Exporting the Revolution
While our people may have been freed from the shackles imposed on them by their capitalist overlords, countless workers and ordinary citizens throughout the world are still suffering from the capitalist oppression. It is our duty to help them free themselves from their chains!
Advancing Collectivisation
With the process of collectivisation proceeding at a quick pace, the state can use the resources that were formerly abused by entrepreneurs to help those in need and to develop the country as a whole.
Beacon of Socialism
Our country has experienced more than a mere change in government. It has been completely transformed and now represents everything that socialism stands for: liberty, equality, welfare and peace. We have become a beacon, a guiding light for those who live in darkness.
Selfregulating Market
Time has shown again and again that the invisible hand of the market is entirely capable of regulating prices, demand and supply. By restraining from interfering in this natural order, we can also avoid the risk of damaging our economy unwillingly.
Protecting the Dream
The dream of a democratic Armenian state is no longer just a dream, it has become reality. The liberties we now enjoy could, however, very well be taken from us if we do not act carefully. Although we should always hope for the best, we also have to prepare for the worst.
Fair Minimum Wage
In order for our people to be able to afford the things they need in their day-to-day lives, and in order for them to feel like their hard work is being valued by society, our government has implemented a minimum wage, one that is high enough to ensure that no working person will ever fall into poverty.
Mixed Socialist Economy
Although socialism has for a long time been bedevilled both by the populace and many politicians, it has some advantages. When combined with modern capitalist ideas, some of the concepts of socialism could very well contribute to a healthier economy whilst also improving the living conditions of our people.
Turkish Emigrants
Whilst the Armenian part of our population celebrated our victory over the Ottomans, the Turks that now live within our borders were less content with this outcome. Fearing prosecution and hate crimes, thousands have begun leaving for Anatolia, where they are being welcomed with open arms.
Return of the Armenian Diaspora
For centuries now, hundreds of thousands of Armenians have seen themselves forced to migrate to faraway places, and are now living scattered across Europe, the Americas, and the Middle East. Ever since the start of our revolt against the Ottoman Empire, an increasing number of them has begun the journey back to the homeland of their ancestors. However, many are still being held back by their fear of the Ottomans subjugating our nation once again.
Return of the Armenian Diaspora
For centuries now, hundreds of thousands of Armenians have seen themselves forced to migrate to faraway places, and are now living scattered across Europe, the Americas, and the Middle East. Ever since the start of our revolt against the Ottoman Empire, an increasing number of them has begun the journey back to the homeland of their ancestors, and now, with us having secured our independence, this number is starting to grow ever larger.
Return of the Armenian Diaspora
For centuries now, hundreds of thousands of Armenians have seen themselves forced to migrate to faraway places, and are now living scattered across Europe, the Americas, and the Middle East. In the return of those living abroad, Nzhdeh has seen a chance to bolster the military power of our nation, and has not only begun incentivising more Armenians to return, but is now also conscripting returning young men and requesting them to do their military service.
Return of the Armenian Diaspora
For centuries now, hundreds of thousands of Armenians have seen themselves forced to migrate to faraway places, and are now living scattered across Europe, the Americas, and the Middle East. Now, with our nation having become a shining beacon of democracy, many of these refugees are finally giving in to the call of the homeland of their ancestors and beginning to return to our nation.
Independence Fervour
The Armenian people have been given a taste of liberty, something they've been starving for for years. We may not surrender the newfound freedoms of our people so easily! We shall achieve the dream of an Armenian state free from Turkish rule, or we shall die trying!
An Army of Quality
Our nation lacks the population to support endless hordes of soldiers mindlessly throwing themselves into the positions of the enemy. Instead, we have to ensure that our men are smart and capable, and because of our newly improved training programmes, every single one of our soldiers can proudly proclaim that they are ready to defend their homes and families, no matter where the invader might strike.
Werewolves of Armenia
Our efforts to train our soldiers for combat during nighttime have borne fruit. Like the beasts of the old myths, they are beginning to feel at home in the darkness of the night and are able to move quickly and quietly, allowing them to surprise their foes and thus gain a crucial advantage on the fields of battle.
Armenian Isolationism
Enough blood has been shed! Armenia's sons shall not die in foreign lands for a cause entirely alien to them! If we must sacrifice our men, then it shall be in the name of Armenia, and in the name of Armenia alone!
The Unconquerable Stronghold
We know that sooner or later, foreign soldiers will seek to conquer our lands. Our neighbours may seem strong, even invincible to some, but we shall show them that they can bleed! We will defend every inch of our nation to the very last man, and we will make these tyrants regret their decision to disturb our peace!
The Armenian Merchant Fleet
Though partly necessitated by our lack of dockyards, it has been decided that the juvenile Armenian Navy shall lay its focus on commerce rather than warfare. Whilst this may leave our coast line somewhat vulnerable, it also allows us to seek out trade partners more efficiently.
Mercantile Profits
An open market, access to the economies of the world, and a will to turn a profit from anything and everything - this is a recipe for success, as proven by our recent economic growth.
The Batum Naval Academy
Our brave men have taken to the seas, done their best to learn and adapt, and now, their knowledge needs to be passed on to the youthful cadets seeking to make a name for themselves in the Armenian Navy. Therefore, the Naval Academy of Batum will teach the recruits the theory required to truly master the waves, so that one day, our seamen shall be in no way inferior to those of the great naval powers of our time.
The Scourge of the Black Sea
Numerous trade routes run through the Black Sea, presenting our navy with vulnerable prey that shall soon meet the depths of the ocean. Striking with resolve and haste, we shall show our enemies the meaning of fear, as they can but watch helplessly while we pick off their weakest links, one after another, before disappearing back into the wide waves of the sea.
Dividends of the Black Sea Trade Agreements
Cooperation between nations has always yielded great results, and our efforts to promote free trade with countries across the Black Sea are most certainly no exception. Shipping has become less costly, our exports have increased in quantity, and our maritime neighbours are beginning to view us as a trustworthy partner. What more could we have hoped for?
Crush [FROM.GetNameDef]
Reclaim the Highlands of Karabakh
Request [FROM.GetAdjective] Industrial Support
The War of Independence
This war is our last chance to turn the dream of an independent Armenian state free from Ottoman terror into reality. We shall fight in the name of liberty, we shall bleed in the name of our people, and we shall die in the name of our ancestors. But we won't surrender, no matter what hardships we'll have to endure - for if we fail now, Armenia will be lost forever.
Request Russian Equipment
We are in dire need of more guns. It's a rather simple problem, but one that is nigh impossible for us to solve on our own, as the Armenian nation, young and in disarray, lacks the industrial capabilities to supply the men fighting for our freedom with much-needed equipment. As such, we have to turn to other nations for support - and the Russians might be our best bet. During the Weltkrieg, our people already fought side by side with Russian soldiers against the Turkish oppressors - so why shouldn't they aid us in our endeavours again?
Liberate Kars
Though their numbers have significantly decreased following the massacres of the Weltkrieg, the mountains of Kars are still home to a sizeable Armenian population, and it is our duty to free these poor souls from the horrors of the Turkish yoke!
Onwards to Batumi!
The city of Batumi is one of the most important trading centres of the region, and although Armenians form only a minority in the city, taking control of it would most certainly prove to be rather beneficial for our nation, as it would give us access to the Black Sea and thus allow us to foster trade relations that go beyond the mountains of the Caucasus. With the Georgians sitting idly in their mountains, and with the Ottoman army still in disarray following the recent cascade of revolts, it is time to make our move and to advance towards the sea!
Black Sea Trade
Propose a Trade Agreement to [FROM.GetNameDef]
Purchase Foreign Vessels
Purchase Submarines From [FROM.GetNameDef]
Purchase Destroyers From [FROM.GetNameDef]
GFX_ARM_intro
$armenia_events.1.t$
$armenia_events.1.d$
£white_dot Note: To unlock §YArmenia's§! political paths, the §rWar of Independence§! against the §YOttoman Empire§! must first be won.\n\n§MProclaim Tseghakronism§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have over 50% support for the §PPaternal Autocrats§! when a ceasefire with the §YOttoman Empire§! is signed.\n£white_dot §YRussia§! must be led by §nBoris Savinkov§! at the time of the ceasefire.\n£white_dot In the event §YThe Democrats Return§!, choose the second option to cement the rule of the §nTseghakronutyun§!.\n\n§MThe Survival Party§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have over 50% support for the §PPaternal Autocrats§! when a ceasefire with the §YOttoman Empire§! is signed.\n£white_dot §YRussia§! §rmust not§! be led by §nBoris Savinkov§! at the time of the ceasefire.\n\n§MThe True Saviour of Armenia§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Follow the first two steps of the §nTseghakronist§! guide.\n£white_dot In the event §YThe Democrats Return§!, instead choose the first option to topple the rule of the §nTseghakronutyun§!.\n\n§MDemocratic Coalition§! ($market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have less than 50% support for the §PPaternal Autocrats§! when a ceasefire with the §YOttoman Empire§! is signed.\n£white_dot Complete the focus §YThe First Armenian Elections§!.\n£white_dot In the resulting event, have the §SDemocratic Coalition§! stand victorious.\n£white_dot In the event \
The present delegation from [GER.GetNameDef] clearly seemed to be showing some partiality to the Armenian cause. While we are much stronger than the Armenians, it may be unwise to draw the ire of Berlin.
Anastas Mikoyan
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 25th, 1895, in Sanahin, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Gregory Yeghikian
§YBorn:§! §L1880, in Eğin, Vilayet of Mamuret-ul-Aziz, Ottoman Empire§!
Ruben Ter Minassian
§YBorn:§! §LMay 7th, 1882, in Akhalkalaki, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Hovhannes Kajaznuni
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 14th, 1868, in Akhaltsikh, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Levon Pashalian
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1868, in Üsküdar, Kostantiniye, Vilayet of Kostantiniye, Ottoman Empire§!
Mihran Damadian
§YBorn:§! §L1863, in Kostantiniye, Vilayet of Kostantiniye, Ottoman Empire§!
Michael Papadjanian
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 7th, 1868, in Yerevan, Erivan Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Boghos Dadian
§YBorn:§! §L1862, in Kostantiniye, Vilayet of Kostantiniye, Ottoman Empire§!
Garegin Nzhdeh
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1886, in Kznut, Erivan Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFor many, Garegin Ter-Harutyunyan, more commonly known as Garegin Nzhdeh, meaning pilgrim or wanderer, has become the face of the Armenian desire for independence. Born in a small village in the Russian governorate of Erivan, he lost his father at a young age. Having joined the Armenian Liberation Movement at the age of 17, he later enrolled at the Imperial University of Saint Petersburg, and, after two years of studies, he returned to the Caucasus to assist the Armenian national movement in their struggle against the Ottoman Turks. After joining the Dashnaktsutyun in 1908 and participating in the Iranian Constitutional Revolution, he fought the Turks in Bulgaria during the Balkan Wars and was even awarded the Cross of Bravery for his competence in battle.\n\nDuring the Weltkrieg, he once again fought against the Ottoman Empire, this time under Russian flag. As the Russians retreated in 1917, Nzhdeh began organising paramilitaries, hoping to be able to halt the Ottoman advance into Armenia. However, his efforts eventually proved to be in vain, and as Armenia was partitioned during the Caucasus Conference in 1919, he saw himself forced to concede Armenia proper to the Turks and to flee into Karabakh, a region which was de jure under the control of Azerbaijan. There, he continued to organise Armenian rebel forces, hoping that he would one day get a chance to return to Yerevan and to bring the Armenian people their freedom.\n\nWith the outbreak of the Levant Crisis, this day had finally come, and as he returned from his exile, he was hailed as a hero by the people. With their support, he has now taken power, hoping that he'll be able to lead his people into a future free from foreign oppression and to save the newborn Armenian nation from experiencing the same fate as the First Armenian Republic.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1886, in Kznut, Erivan Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Fidayi Council
§YFounded:§! §Lin Yerevan, Province of Yerevan, Armenian Republic§!
Hayk Asatryan
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 5th, 1900, in Alashkert, Vilayet of Erzurum, Ottoman Empire§!
The Khorhurd
§YFounded:§! §Lin Yerevan, Province of Yerevan, Armenian Republic§!
Nerses Astvatsaturyan
§YBorn:§! §L1887, in Kostantiniye, Vilayet of Kostantiniye, Ottoman Empire§!
Alexander Khatisian
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1874, in Tiflis, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Sarkis Dkhrouni
§YBorn:§! §L1898, in Sis, Vilayet of Adana, Ottoman Empire§!
Galust Syurmenian
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Ottoman Empire§!
Aghasi Khanjian
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 30th, 1901, in Van, Vilayet of Van, Ottoman Empire§!
Arshag Chobanian
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 15th, 1872, in Beşiktaş, Kostantiniye, Vilayet of Kostantiniye, Ottoman Empire§!
Christophor Araratyan
§YBorn:§! §LJune 18th, 1876, in Tiflis, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Drastamat Kanayan
§YBorn:§! §LMay 31st, 1884, in Igdyr, Erivan Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Hamazasp Babadzhanian
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 18th, 1906, in Khachisar, Elizavetpol Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Hamazasp Srvandztyan
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1873, in Van, Vilayet of Van, Ottoman Empire§!
Yervand Gasparyan
§YBorn:§! §L1872, in Vorbi, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Grigor Jaghetyan
§YBorn:§! §L1885, in Karavansara, Elizavetpol Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Sargis Araratyan
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 1st, 1886, in Nukha, Elizavetpol Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Nikol Aghbalian
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 24th, 1875, in Tiflis, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Simon Vratsian
§YBorn:§! §LApril 5th, 1882, in Mets Sala, Yekaterinoslav Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Gevorg Melik-Karagyozyan
§YBorn:§! §L1873, in Tiflis, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Khachatur Kanayan
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1881, in Igdyr, Erivan Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Movses Silikyan
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1862, in Vartashen, Elizavetpol Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Sose Vartanian
§YBorn:§! §L1868, in Teghood, Vilayet of Bitlis, Ottoman Empire§!
Artem Alikhanian
§YBorn:§! §LJune 24th, 1908, in Tiflis, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Arshavir Shiragian
§YBorn:§! §L1900, in Kostantiniye, Vilayet of Kostantiniye, Ottoman Empire§!
Hakub Bagratuni
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 25th, 1879, in Akhaltsikhe, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Sargis Mehrabyan
§YBorn:§! §L1870, in Tsaghkashen, Elizavetpol Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Smbat Boroyan
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 27th, 1875, in Mush, Vilayet of Bitlis, Ottoman Empire§!
Elizaveta Shahkhatuni
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 22nd, 1911, in Yerevan, Erivan Governorate, Russian Empire§!
