Taiwan
Taiwanese
Taiwan
Republic of Taiwan
the Republic of Taiwan
Republic of Taiwan
the Republic of Taiwan
Republic of Taiwan
the Republic of Taiwan
Republic of Taiwan
the Republic of Taiwan
Republic of Taiwan
the Republic of Taiwan
Republic of Taiwan
the Republic of Taiwan
Republic of Taiwan
the Republic of Taiwan
Republic of Taiwan
the Republic of Taiwan
Republic of Taiwan
the Republic of Taiwan
Republic of Taiwan
the Republic of Taiwan
Taiwanese Syndicalist Party
Taiwanese Syndicalist Party
Taiwanese People's Party
Taiwanese People's Party
Taiwan Restoration Comrades Association
Taiwan Restoration Comrades Association
Taiwanese Alliance for Home Rule
Taiwanese Alliance for Home Rule
State Council of Taiwan
State Council of Taiwan
Xie Xuehong
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 17th, 1901, in Changhua County, Japanese Taiwan, Empire of Japan§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFreedom has come at last to Taiwan, thanks in no small part because of foreign help but also because of the tireless revolutionary efforts of the Taiwanese Syndicalist Party. Xie Xuehong, Jian Ji and many others joined up with the Taiwanese Cultural Association in its fight for Taiwanese independence/autonomy and democracy. The Cultural Association quickly succumbed to infighting (not to mention Japanese suppression), and from it splintered off multiple groups.\n\nXie was a member of the Chinese Syndicalist Party, having studied abroad in Sun Yat-sen University in France before founding the Taiwanese Syndicalist party in 1928 with the tacit support of both Japanese and Chinese socialists. Although she was tolerant of bourgeoisie participation in the independence movement, she is also a committed socialist and has since broken hard with Jiang Weishui's Taiwan's People's Party. The TSP claim to have a more authentic interpretation of the Three Principles, denouncing TPP \
Jiang Weishui
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 6th, 1890, in Yilan, Fujian-Taiwan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA scholar, physician and anti-Japanese activist, Jiang Weishui was a founding member of the Taiwanese Cultural Association. In a famous essay \
Liao Wenkui
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 14th, 1905, in Yunlin County, Japanese Taiwan, Empire of Japan§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPerhaps the least likely outcome of a new Taiwanese state was a republic led by the youthful liberalism of the Taiwan Restoration Comrades Association. But the writings of Liao Wenkui and many other youthful, foreign educated technocrats won over occupation authorities with their promises of substantive democratic change of the island, and now they have been charged with establishing a provisional Republic of Taiwan.\n\nThe Liao's came from a prominent local family, large landowners with strong Confucian values. His father however converted to Christianity as part of their pivot towards the west, and Liao went to Japan to study. Combining Chinese philosophy with Western Science, he continued his education in China at Jinling University and then in the University of Chicago in the United States. He also briefly went to Europe, meeting his wife, while cultivating his own political world-view.\n\nWith tensions rising after the collapse of the League, Liao found himself an intermediary figure between the clashing factions across the strait. He took over his father's company along with his brother Wenyi, renaming it Dacheng Industrial Co., and used it to cultivate ties from Taipei to Shanghai.\n\nWith contacts across the political aisle and a foreign-friendly appearance, perhaps the Association was a good fit as a bridge between foreign \
Lin Xiantang
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 22nd, 1881, in Taichung, Fujian-Taiwan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLin Xiantang was a member of the Taiwanese Cultural Association, a broad-tent group of Taiwanese intellectuals seeking greater democracy and autonomy under Japanese rule. From a wealthy land-lord family, he joined various revolutionary societies and even renounced his Japanese citizenship in favour of a Republic of China one in 1913. He never learned Japanese, preferring Hokkien (and in private, has begun learning Mandarin).\n\nHe and many others, dissatisfied by the leftist turn of the Association and Jiang's Taiwanese People's Party, formed their own Taiwanese Alliance for Home Rule in 1930. They were expelled in a bitter divorce with the TPP, and sought a peaceful olive branch with Japanese authorities. This did not help them however, and they were banned shortly after the TPP.\n\nStill, they lingered on, utilising Lin's vast resources joined by other Taiwanese conservatives who sought autonomy (and a few daring to dream of even independence). That wish was finally granted with the demise of the Japanese empire. With the support of foreign backers, the short-lived The Republic of Taiwan has been restored - finally realising a project his father and other family members fought for.\n\nOne can only wonder for how long this new republic will last, for now it remains effectively a protectorate for outside powers. Lin and other gentry-men have elected to take things one day at a time, even as it balances it's reactionary and more moderate wings.§!
Lin Xiongzheng
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 5th, 1888, in Taipeh Prefecture, Fujian-Taiwan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLin Xiongzheng has been described as one of the few fat men in Japanese Taiwan, a testament to his wealth and power. After the annexation of Taiwan by Japan, his family initially moved to Fuzhou but returned shortly afterwards. In the new Japanese order, Lin managed to leverage his local connections to secure himself a powerful place in the regime. He was a member of the Governor-General's council and hosted many high-society events, including a visit by then Crown-prince Hirohito.\n\nHe also was a supporter of the Tongmenghui, keeping good ties with the Chinese. A sugar-baron, he has participated in various disputes with the farmers while also maintaining a strong public image as a philanthropist. When a new conqueror moved into Taiwan, he was an early candidate for leadership. In this capacity, he joins a clique of prominent Taiwanese gentry, financial interests, and business elites - chief among them being his new deputy Lan Gaochuan, a veteran of the Yiwei War against Japan. Some even believe that Lan, with his extensive connections, is the true master of the government though with most decisions made behind closed doors its hard to tell.\n\nIn many ways, the old General-Governorship has never left, replaced by a slightly more autonomous native upper-class. Left as a pseudo-colonial servitude, Taiwan marches to a new future with Lin as their President - whatever it may be.§!
Jian Ji
Cai Peihuo
Liao Wenyi
Chen Fengyuan
Lan Gaochuan
Chen Qichuan
Chen Xin
Chen Zhixong
Du Congming
Li Weiguang
Zhang Shenqie
Huang Nanpeng
Li Youbang
Lan Jiajing
Zhong Qianshun
Wu Zhenwu
Zhong Qiming
Qin Jinchun
Xu Qingqing
Tibet Focus Tree
Sacred Union Party
Sacred Union Party
Sacred Union Party
Sacred Union Party
Tibet Improvement Party
Tibet Improvement Party
Tibet Improvement Party
Tibet Improvement Party
Kyicho Kuntun
Kyicho Kuntun
Kyicho Kuntun
Kyicho Kuntun
Young Tibet Party
Young Tibet Party
Young Tibet Party
Young Tibet Party
Traditionalists
Traditionalists
Traditionalists
Traditionalists
Brought Escort
Local Farmer Helped
Trimön and The Reting Rinpoche Win
Tibet Improvement Succeeds
Young Tibet Succeeds
Tibet Improvement Elected
Kyicho Kuntun Elected
Sacred Union Elected
§YOur raiders and troops will be deployed in Lower Qinghai.§!
Foreign Assistance
We have made it clear throughout Asia our need for military assistance. We hope that our past isolationism does not deter any of our unimperialist neighbours from coming to our assistance.
Request Bharatiya Fighters
Request Bharatiya Guns
Request British Indian Guns
Request [From.GetAdjective] Guns
Backroom Deal with Industrialists
Decisions to request foreign aid from sympathetic countries unlocked.
War in the Himalayas
Intervene in [From.GetNameDef]
The southern kingdoms are in chaos. If we are to liberate this vast land, we must strike now.
Restore Order in [From.GetName]
Now that [From.GetName] is under [Root.GetAdjective] control, we must make efforts to put down any lingering resistance and integrate it into the rest of [Root.GetNameDef].
With opposition blocked from entering Tibet, the Tibetan §PRegent§! will be able to consolidate power.
The §STibet Improvement Party§! will not be stopped from entering Tibet, potentially allowing them to seize power.
The Struggle for Tibet
At the moment, Tibet's government is struggling with exiled revolutionaries and reformers competing for control of the country. This has inhibited the Ganden Phodrang's ability to govern the Tibetan people, and increased the disconnect between average Tibetan freemen with serfs and the nobility.
Aristocracy Unsettled
The religious and civil offices of Tibet, from the Yigtsang to the Kashag, are currently struggling to deal with the imprisonment of the 5th Reting Rinpoche. Many civil servants are going without pay, and several Thubtens are refusing to pay their feudal dues to Lhasa. Without this money the Ganden Phodrang struggles to enact any meaningful reforms.
Aristocracy Resettled
Through political capital, The Young Tibet Party has successfully gained the trust of the Thubtens and civil servants of Tibet. Though we can only demand less from these feudal lords as a trade-off, we can now focus our political capital to the people that must defend our nation.
Monastic Governance
Much of the Tibetan countryside is comprised of monastic fiefs. These areas are quite autonomous from the Tibetan government, and operate as states unto their own, having their own armies and tax collection services. While this makes for a weaker central government, the self-reliant communities offer a degree of stability and community.
Monastic Primacy
Much of the Tibetan countryside is comprised of monastic fiefs. These areas are quite autonomous from the Tibetan government, and operate as states unto their own, having their own armies and tax collection services. The Ganden Phodrang has been able to leverage the monasteries for additional levies and taxes to aid in our national interest.
Dob-dobs Recruitment
The main form of peacekeeping in the countryside are the Dob-dobs, warrior monks recruited by the monasteries to protect their holdings. While often uneducated compared to their peers, they tend to be extremely conservative and dedicated to protecting what they see as “Dharmic” institutions. The Dob-dobs are the bread-and-butter of our military.
Dob-dobs Tradition
The main form of peacekeeping in the countryside are the Dob-dobs, warrior monks recruited by the monasteries to protect their holdings. While often uneducated compared to their peers, they tend to be extremely conservative and dedicated to protecting what they see as “Dharmic” institutions. The Dob-dobs now receive a stipend from the Ganden Phodrang to ensure they can feed their families during wartime.
Dob-dobs Tradition
Warrior monks have been successfully appraised by Lhasa, and a new more rigid structure implemented to better protect our lands. Those monks of acute ability are now promoted to officers, in spite of their social rank, while undisciplined monks have been demoted to subordinates.
Dob-dobs Purged
The leadership of these warrior monks have been successfully retired and replaced by our loyal men. It may take some time for our loyal political ambassadors to convince the rest of the Dob-dobs of the value of better training.
Recovery Teams
The Tibetan army has been trained to shoot old Lee Enfield rifles, but needs better hardware. The proliferating wars in the north, south, and east provide opportunities for soldiers to resupply.
Institutionalised Serfdom
Serfdom is still practised throughout Tibet, and many peasants are still permanently tied to their lands. Despite being assailed politically from the south and east, an alternative has not gained traction with the population.
Alleviated Serfdom
In order to relieve political pressure from the south and east, the Regent has benevolently decided to emancipate all the serfs working directly in the Ganden Phodrang's estates. The Young Tibet Party believes this will encourage a gradual end to serfdom without demanding change from the aristocracy.
Modernised Education
The upheaval in Tibetan society reached education. Mandatory school attendance for both genders as well as education in the sciences is being enforced by the government. Resistance to this policy from the general public is strong.
Children's Villages
The political upheaval has made an exception for education. While modern sciences are now mandatory in public education, some vestiges like gender segregation in schooling is still retained. Resistance to this policy from the general public is negligible.
Revolutionary Spirit
More Workers Employed
The Ganden Phodrang of Tibet has put into place an employment programme for young Tibetans to find temporary employment. This model has shown some success in the British Raj.
Institutions Safeguarded
The Ganden Phodrang has ensured that the Ganden Phodrang and nobility are secure once more. With the support of the landowners and monasteries, our country can squeeze out foreign infiltration.
Limited Tibetan Intervention
The Tibetan government has allowed a limited range of volunteership in foreign conflicts, mostly as a way to assert some influence on the Asian political scene.
Muslim Militarism
The Ma Clique has incited militant activity in Muslim communities throughout the North, which is causing our people to doubt our ability to protect them. No doubt the Mas are promising the world to our Muslim residents, and we have no faculty to reassure them.
Ma Diplomatic Interference
The Ma Clique has successfully discredited our government with most of the warlords of China. It is no secret that most of the warlords of China wish to see our lands subordinated once more, but we had hoped their own desperate situation would cause them to ally with us. This will make it more difficult to assert our sovereignty over land outside our control.
Theosophical Society
Nicholas Roerich's contribution to the Tibetan political scene is the introduction of the well-connected Theosophical Society from India. Their members arrive to Lhasa to proselytise their belief in the Ascended Masters that originated in Tibet. To the Theosophical Society, Tibetan independence and the progress of Leninism is the herald to the Sacred Union of the East, their long awaited theocratic socialist state promised by Nicholas Roerich.
Convene the Kashag
It is time to defer to the protocols of the 'Ordinance for the More Effective Governing of Tibet' once again. Herein the Kashag, which has not met since the Regent appointed Trimön, must re-convene to set a course for political action to direct the Ganden Phodrang.
Appoint a New Treasurer
The Tibetan Treasury has suffered greatly from the crises of the past two decades. From Shigatse's political opposition, to Yushu's isolation, we must appoint a Treasurer who can coax more money out of the monasteries.
Satisfy the Prime Minister
The new Prime Minister, Khenchen Lobsang Tashi, is on the edge of exiling the Young Tibet Party. The arrest of the Reting Rinpoche and the transfer of the Regency to a lower monk would be a hard sell to any Prime Minister, much less a neutral one. Khenchen Lobsang Tashi cannot be won over by any amount of public support, only through an exceedingly expensive bribe to keep quiet.
Shaking up the Tsikhang
The Tsikhang is the governing body for aristocratic education in Tibet, a thankless job as evidenced by the Rugby Four. It is through the Tsikhang's obstinacy that education for girls and the poor is ignored. Although this will certainly infuriate a portion of the educators, it is essential that we modernise the education system in Tibet to enfranchise the people we depend on and raise their literacy.
Pressure the Regent
The new Regent is frozen in ceremonial formality, and unwilling to take part in the Kashag meetings for the betterment of Tibet. We must impose ourselves into the Regent's schedule, and get some sort of concession on his stance if any reforms are to occur.
Recovery Teams
Having experience equipping our military with civilian firearms, our Military Staff has authorised the procurement and distribution of civilian firearms by Recovery Teams. These auxiliaries are being trained to identify and categorise weapons in the local area for use by the Army.
Debate the Tse Laptra
The Tse Laptra's focus on only male education is derived from the need to populate monasteries with literate monks, but did not extend this obligation to girls. If we are to receive the best and brightest Tibetans in the future we must bring the Tse Laptra to answer to the Kashag and hopefully enfranchise at least the women living in monastic communities.
Whip Army Into Shape
For too long the Tibetan Army has languished untrained and unaccounted for. The first task of our Military Staff is to review and assemble the whole body of our military drill records, and evaluate our performance scores the British Inspectors gave back in 1919.
Expand the Trapichi Factory
The Trapichi Factory, our sole modern military factory, is in need of funding. In order to supply a larger military force, we must order the Trapichi monks to clear land for additional assembly buildings. The Trapichi quartermaster will have to train and lead an increase in production that he promised us years ago.
Focus on the Electrical Machine Office
The Electrical Machine Office in Lhasa is our sole modern telegraph office, and has been in operation unrepaired since the British Revolution. We must purchase a larger electrical generator for the office, and investigate the assembly of radio transmitters.
Expand the Mint
At Trapichi, our mint office has steadily worked with little mechanical improvement in decades. It is time to invest in a modern milling machine and debase our currency to a lower concentration of silver. This will enable us to afford more machines in the future.
Dode Valley Hydroelectricity
The Dode Valley was recommended to us by British diplomats for experimental hydroelectric turbines. This ambitious project would be the first of its kind in the country, and if successful could prepare our civil engineers for more ambitious projects.
Expand the Tip Arsenal
The arsenal at Tip has degraded since the last British inspection into a repository of confiscated firearms, instead of a proper tool for defence. If our army is to defend Tibet from a more united threat, we must bring metallurgists in to clean and repair the Tip arsenal.
Domestic Artillery Production
It is time we internalise the advice the British inspectors gave us and develop our own artillery. The designs will of course be based on the models in [RAJ.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], and be compatible with their ammunition, but the production will fall to us.
Reinforce the Army
As our General Staff is finally spurred to action, a series of hasty plans have landed at our office, many of which are obvious copies of training manuals sold in India and China. Nonetheless, they should be able to reliably apply the programme we choose.
Foreign Volunteers
While many Tibetans are content with defending their homeland, there are a select few adventurous soldiers who wish to ensure Tibet's safe borders through volunteership. There is some reason to believe that this could be a viable strategy to contain our foes.
Foreign Weapons Designs
The Tibetan forces are in dire need of modernisation. Manpower will never be an advantage we will be able to count on, and thus we must look to quality instead. Fortunately, there are plenty of sources willing to aid us in this endeavour... for the right price.
Scrape the Himalayas
Sections of the Himalayas are sacred, being the home of the Bodhisattvas and Hindu Lords, and we pray that this mining operation we undertake do not disturb them. We all remember the fate of Khyenrab Kunzang Mondo, that bright son whose mineralogical expedition caused such a row that forced him into seclusion for disturbing the spirits.
The Traditionalist Torch
The fury of the reformers and revolutionaries has proven to the Ganden Phodrang the continuing need for a traditionalist government. This torch, held by the Regent, will allow Tibet to self strengthen against all that desire our lands.
Slow Industrialisation
The first and most radical decision by the Regent to counteract any future revolutionaries is to exercise absolute authority over the national budget. The Minister of Finance is fully behind this decision, and will take the advice of the Regent in all future state projects until such a time when the nation is ready for free growth.
Expand the Lhasa Arsenal
The Ganden Phodrang's greatest weakness was exposed by the Regent in a recent meeting. Lhasa has no way of fighting a siege if the Shigatse arsenal. We must set up a machinist shop in Lhasa as both an expansion and an insurance.
Urban Development
Demands from the people for modern plumbing in cities has finally reached the Ganden Phodrang, and we finally have the time to answer this claim. The Kashag can do one better, and has authorised the clearing of additional land for urban development in inclusion to laying pipes for urban sewage.
Employ More Workers
A temporary solution to the mass of unemployment in our cities has been offered by the Minister of Finance. The plan is to employ workers by the Ganden Phodrang for a set period of months, and deploy them to assist in strategic construction projects throughout Tibet.
Construct the Lhasa Machine Factory
The ground was broken for the Lhasa Machine Factory several years ago, left to languish and turned into shrubbery. It is time the Kashag allocate the necessary funds to build the Machine Factory, which will make future construction projects easier.
Improve Mountain Pathways
The roads that stretch from east to west in Tibet are entirely unmaintained by the Ganden Phodrang. For our military security, we must pave these roads with gravel, using our civil workforce, since we lack the framework to employ enterprise to solve this.
Connect to the West
The road to Sikkim has seen much more traffic since expansion of banditry in Simla. We can enhance our manoeuvrability by ensuring this lifeline can connect to our main monasteries and cities.
Reorganise The Tsechag
The Tsechag office is a crucial spot for Tibet's route through Kham. This location is in dire need of administrative reorganisation if we are to better serve the needs of the people of Kham.
Exalt the Dalai Lama
Returning the 14th Dalai Lama to Lhasa will allow us to exalt him properly as the spiritual leader of Tibet. Exaltation will involve the young Dalai Lama presiding over the many ceremonies and holidays Lhasa celebrates every year.
Only the Best Education
The need to educate the young Dalai Lama has spurred the Kashag to allocate additional funding to childhood education overall. This will benefit the other sons of the aristocrats.
Buddhist Legacy
A cornerstone of Tibet's power is and has been their adherence to Vajrayana tradition. Without it we would not be able to unite against the Chagatai and Qing invaders and reassert our sovereignty. It is the opinion of many in Tibet that, in the eventual return of Shambhala, the Muslim world will be defeated by a Vajrayana Buddhist King.
Support the Monastic Fiefdoms
The lands the Sakya Monastery and the flight of the Panchen Lama demonstrate the influence monastic fiefdoms have on the land and people. We must not work against them to receive additional taxes, but support their expansion against the small landlords that provide very little to our government.
Empower the Dob-dobs
The Dob-dobs were essential in dealing the death blow to the revolutionaries, and must be handsomely rewarded. Empowering them with better pay and uniforms will hopefully precipitate greater enlistment from the monastic fiefdoms.
Protect the Monasteries
The security of the monasteries in Tibet ranges greatly, and the experience with the Kumbum Monastery in Yushu proves that they can support a city besieged. If we were to build more Dzongs around monasteries, they would be able to project power more safely.
Protect the Nation
Tibet is not recognised by most of the world as an independent nation. We are usually disregarded as either a British or Chinese puppet. This outdated and wrong perception shall be rebuked in all forms. To the few foreigners that may visit Tibet, they will see our national flags front and centre.
Preserve Dzongs
The Dzongs have served as nests of influence for both the old Imperial Qing and now Ganden Phodrang. Their symbol helps define our nation, and certainly is a target by our enemies for demolition.
Return of the Panchen Lama
The 9th Panchen Lama, the friend of the 13th Dalai Lama, has returned to Tibet. With him comes Chinese KMT and Bharat revolutionaries, these influences on the Panchen, now Regent, will surely push the Ganden Phodrang towards the democratic fundamentals that both Bharat and the KMT share.
Sacred Union of the East
The ambition of Nicholas Roerich is to create a Sacred Union, something Roerich claims Lenin had endorsed in his lifetime. This ambitious plan has Tibet extend its boundaries and attempt to negotiate an equal partnership with the democratic forces in China. This programme will win over the hearts of the traditionalists and facilitate them to convert into Leninists.
Party Convention
There is no conventional way for political parties to flourish in Tibet. We will take inspiration from the 2nd Republican Revolution and foster a Party Convention for the Tibet Improvement Party. Dissenting opinions are welcome, and we are certain the people of Tibet will appreciate the ability to interact with their future leaders.
Kyicho Kuntun Victory
The Kyicho Kuntun, led by Lungshar, has won the Tibetan election. Their political programme is to emancipate the serfs of Tibet, and implement a market economy to elevate the free Tibet. The election of Kyicho Kuntun ultimately frustrates the effort of the KMT and the Bharatiya People's Republic to solidify their influence in Tibet.
Panchen's Victory
The Tibet Improvement Party is victorious in an open and fair election, further validating the Panchen Lama. The TIP can now further the Three Principles of the People, and hopefully achieve some peace with the Chinese governments. This election has legitimised the Left KMT's influence in the Ganden Phodrang through popular mandate.
Mixed Economy
The right way forward for Tibet is to retain some of the powers of the Kashag in financial policy, while opening more land to private development. The emancipated Tibetans will naturally congregate to whichever option is best for them, providing the best economic growth potential for our nation.
The Three Principles
Dr. Sun Yat-sen taught that the way forward for the Chinese is through democracy, nationalism, and caring for the livelihood of the people. Tibetans can also follow these principles, especially after the election. Democracy can be tutored to the people by the Kashag, nationalism fostered by the Ganden Phodrang, and livelihood extended through emancipation.
Curtail Monasticism
The undue influence the monasteries had on the civil government was proven when the Reting Rinpoche assisted Trimön in his dastardly schemes. No longer will the Regent be able to circumvent the civil government.
Subsistence Agriculture
The means to which most of Tibet survives has long been sidelined as a concern for the government. No longer. We shall make an agricultural survey of Tibet and reduce or increase taxes in relation to the ability for the town to feed itself.
Invest in Kham
Kham is the more progressive half of Tibet, and a majority of our core party members come from Kampha nobility. We should reward their sacrifice for democracy by focusing funds on improving their estates.
Dual Education
The centuries long tradition of exclusively male aristocratic education is an affront on our beliefs. We must find a solution that allows for free education at some level to the common Tibetan. At the same time, even if it must be segregated, girls should receive some form of education provided by the civil government.
Local Teachers
It is time we leveraged the educational facilities in monasteries to their full potential. Monasteries are the repository of our cultural history, and with some funding can enfranchise more young people and set them up towards technical education in Lhasa.
The Kalmyk Plan
Among the Sinologists of Saint Petersburg there was an idea that Russia could secure Central Asia from imperialism by uniting all the lands between Russia and India. Roerich has taken and modified this plan, still believing that connecting to [HND.GetNameDef] is the only way to secure the revolution. This will mean absorbing the decadent kingdoms of the Himalayas.
Crush the Radicals
The power of the Ganden Phodrang is mostly restored though not as great as it was under the 13th Dalai Lama. We can however leverage our goodwill to finally purge radicals from the Thubten class and Gelug School, without those institutions, future upstarts will have no legitimacy in Tibet.
Foreign Assistance
With the British Empire in India divided, the Russians pushed backed by the central Asian armies, and our scant few sympathisers in China under siege, it is time we make a choice. We can leverage the vast material wealth of the Ganden Phodrang to curry favour with sympathisers overseas, but unless the need is extremely dire we will not make any permanent alliances with foreign powers.
White Tara or Red Mahatma?
The Russian allies in Tibet are symbolised by two radical figures, Agvan Dorzhiev and Nicholas Roerich. Agvan, a tutor to the Dalai Lama, claims the Russian Empire is the true protector of Buddhism in Asia. Roerich, who was exiled shortly after his arrival, believes the Soviets fulfilled this role.
Monarchist Collaboration
Tsarong Dzasa's foreign policy is that of a cooperation with both the Crown in [RAJ.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and in Beijing. Tsarong has leveraged his status as a hero of the Xinhai Revolution to push for this unorthodox rapprochement towards the Qing, assuring Tibetans that the Qing can be disposed of if they betray Tibet.
KMT and Bharat Collaboration
The homes of revolution in East Asia, Longyan and Calcutta, will lead Tibet to the future. Their concern is not diverted by imperial ambition, and their commitment to uniting the banners of Asia is noble.
Secret Deal with Entente
After the failure at bilateral trade between the British Empire and us, the Regent has formulated a new tactic to re-approach the western powers. The Regent will deliver an ultimatum to the Entente, stating that there is little in the way of stopping Chinese advancement towards India if Tibet were to fall once again.
Secret Deal with the KMT
We must guarantee that the main claimant on our lands, the KMT, do not define our sovereignty once they win. A secret deal can be arranged for the KMT Central Committee to amend the Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission, which will guarantee the KMT's protection against warlord interlopers.
Aid From The White Tara
We have established a connection back to Russia, through an envoy to the Saint Petersburg Buddhist temple. From here we can ply the Russian government with bribes in exchange for weapons and military equipment we so desperately need.
Aid From The Red Mahatma
We have established a connection back to the Russians, through an envoy to the Saint Petersburg Buddhist temple. From here we can ply the Russian government with bribes in exchange for weapons and military equipment we so desperately need.
Exploiting U-Tsang resources
We can now allocate some government funding to hand out exploratory land grants to U-Tsang resources. These grants should also be extended to foreign prospectors, for the only reason that foreigners can be sucked dry by Tibetan tax collectors more easily.
Rails around Tanggula Pass
There is a pass that, until now, no train has had the horsepower to cross. A recent discussion with engineers revealed an alternate route around Tanggula Pass that, while longer, is at less of an incline. We hope that these engineers can procure trains that can handle the pressure, but we are optimistic that the pass can be useful even if unrailed.
Peace with the Ganden Phodrang
The civil government has finally resolved their imbalance of power with the Ganden Phodrang. We are glad that we convened the Kashag, for it opened the door to a more communicative and lucrative coexistence with the Regency.
British Indian Army Model
The British Army Inspection, though incomplete, left us with a rough guide on how the British Colonial Rifles are assembled and trained. We can take this advice now and implement their recruiting and training techniques to enhance our future divisions.
Securing Our Grip on the McMahon Line
The line the British Empire drew in the Himalayas has proven to be a contentious one, with long-standing disputes between both sides. If we are to secure our borders more thoroughly, we must be willing to defend ourselves against the other Himalayan nations that would sell their own mums for a stick of bubble gum.
Doorway to Sikkim
Sikkim is the most important border crossing in Tibet, and we have failed to secure it. If we are to ensure the lifeblood of our trade remains, we must extend the trade route from Lhasa to Sikkim.
Concede to the Tsikhang
We must negotiate with the Tsikhang if we are to pass the badly needed education reforms.
GFX_TIB_intro
The Regency and The Tibetan People
In 1936, Tibet is embroiled in a bitter leadership dispute. The 13th Dalai Lama died in 1933, leaving 5th Reting Rinpoche, Jamphel Yeshe Gyaltsen, as his regent until a new Dalai Lama can be found. As the leadership struggle unfolded, the Reting Rinpoche was instated as the Regent, however he serves as only a figurehead of the chaotic government. Four main factions unfolded in the conflict, Lungshar's Kyicho Kuntun, The Panchen Lama's Tibet Improvement Party, Tsarong's Young Tibet, and the Traditionalists, led by Jamphel Yeshe Gyaltsen and Trimön. The rest of the central government of Tibet, referred to as the Ganden Phodrang, is occupied by a collection of appointed officers both theocratic and civil. The Rinpoche are high ranking Buddhist monks that are confirmed by the public to be reincarnations of previous important monks. The Kashag is a four-way council traditionally appointed by civil servants, but after 1933 has been controlled by Marshal Trimön. The Thubten are feudal landowners that hold significant sway in the more prosperous eastern half of Tibet in Khampa. The people of Utsang, while still loyal to the Ganden Phodrang, are suffering from neglect and bandits coming out of Xinjiang and Kashmir.
§MTraditionalists§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot After you ask Nepal to close the border and they refuse, send the Dob-dobs to Kham.\n\n§MReturn of the Panchen Lama§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot After you ask Nepal to close the border and they refuse, send the Dob-dobs to the Sikkim border.\n£white_dot In the following event, choose to deploy the Dob-dobs to cut them off.\n£white_dot After completing the focus Return of the Panchen Lama, you can elect either the totalist Sacred Union, social democratic Tibet Improvement Party, or the social liberal Kyicho Kuntun.\n\n§MYoung Tibet Party§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot After you ask Nepal to close the border and they comply, the Young Tibet Party will be stopped.\n£white_dot When bandit raids intensify, send the Dob-dobs to do their jobs.
§YHuang Musong§! becomes a Field Marshal.
Tibet
Tibetan
Tibet
Sacred Union of Tibet
the Sacred Union of Tibet
Sacred Union of Tibet
the Sacred Union of Tibet
Sacred Union of Tibet
the Sacred Union of Tibet
Nicholas Roerich
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 9th, 1874, in Saint-Petersburg, Saint-Petersburg Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRaised by the aristocratic Roerich family of Saint-Petersburg, Nicholas expressed interest in both the aesthetic and spiritual side of socialist revolution. This interest led Nicholas first into the Arts, where he graduated from Saint Petersburg University and the Imperial Academy of the Arts in 1897. Nicholas became immersed in avant garde art, working with the legendary Igor Stravinsky and Vaslav Nijinsky. The October Revolution ended the social peace that Nicholas had known, and set Nicholas closer to conservatism and orientalism against Vladimir Lenin.\nNicholas Roerich fled to the United States and joined the Theosophical Society. Aspiritual movement that shared Roerich's admiration of undeveloped nations as \
Thubten Kunphela
§YBorn:§! §L1905, in Nyêmo, Lhasa Chikyap, Tibet§!
The 9th Panchen Lama
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 19th, 1883, in Dagpo, Tibet, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe 9th Panchen Lama was born Choekyi Nyima into the Thuben class in Tibet. Raised and educated by the prestigious Tashi Lhunpo Monastery, the young Choekyi Nyima was predestined to be the \
The 14th Dalai Lama
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 6th, 1935, in Takster, Tibet§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe child named Lhamo Thondup grew up in the small village of Taktser in Amdo, a highly contentious region. The child was the youngest of seven, including his brother, Thubten Jigme Norbu, who had been recognised as the Takster Rinpoche in 1925. The young Dalai Lama was chosen after the Regent's vision that the new Dalai Lama was born in Amdo. The young Dalai Lama was taken to Lhasa where he will be instructed in the coming years in all aspects of Tibetan Buddhism, and slowly given influence from the regency.§!
Tsipön Lungshar
§YBorn:§! §L1881, in Tanag, Tibet, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTsipön Lungshar comes from a family that has served the Dalai Lama since the 18th century, and has deep connections to Lhasa. Lungshar was chosen to supervise the elite education of four nobles called the \
Tsarong Dzasa
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in Phenpo, Tibet, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhen the 13th Dalai Lama decided to modernise the army in 1923, he put nobleman Tsarong Dzasa in charge of the newly created Dmag-Sgar. Tsarong previously had a very successful career leading the Dob-dobs in defending Tibet from the Qing during the Xinhai Revolution. Defeating the Qing earned Tsarong the name 'Hero of Chaksam', and he used his popularity to increase the national budget for Tibet's army. This indirectly caused the expulsion of the Panchen Lama in 1924. The death of the 13th Dalai Lama left the country in the control of the Regency, led by the 5th Reting Rinpoche and Trimön. Tsarong was demoted from Commander-In-Chief to Civil Engineer and Treasurer, but this failed to stop his popularity. Trimön was initially happy when Tsarong left for Utsang, along with his Young Tibet movement, but now Trimön sits in the Potala prison while Tsarong has effectively assumed his position. The 5th Reting Rinpoche now only serves as Regent unable to leave the Ganden Phodrang until the 14th Dalai Lama is revealed.§!
The 5th Reting Rinpoche
§YBorn:§! §L1912, in Dagpo, Tibet, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThubten Jamphel Yeshe Gyaltsen: nobleman, friend to the 13th Dalai Lama, and Regent of Tibet. The 5th Reting Rinpoche presided over a tumultuous period in Tibetan history that saw numerous exiles, tortures, and heavy reliance on the Commander-In-Chief Trimön to stay in power. Nevertheless, the Reting Rinpoche stood behind Trimön's continuation of the tax increases and stands as the most legitimate leader of Tibet until the 14th Dalai Lama is found. The Reting Rinpoche continues to hold the Ganden Phodrang steady, confident that his friend the Dalai Lama would be ruined by submission to foreign tutelage, whether from the British Indians, the Chinese, or the Hui Muslims.§!
Chao Kung
§YBorn:§! §LApril 4th, 1879, in Paks, Tolna County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Changra
§YBorn:§! §L1878, in Tibet, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn with the personal name Wangchuk Tharchin, Changra entered government serivce in 1902, eventually serving directly under the Dalai Lama. Changra was given the De-psn rank, and commanded the private bodygaurds of the 13th Dalai Lama. Following the Dalai Lama's passing, Changra was considered for the Commander-in-Chief position of the Tibetan Army, but was passed for the more zealous Trimön. Changra is said to be a sternly political in person, but wields no political influence.§!
Trimön
§YBorn:§! §L1874, in Tibet, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTrimön was born Norbu to a 6th ranked official in Tibet, and took the name Trimön upon his marriage. In 1912, Trimön was assigned as Assistant Commander-In-Chief of the Tibetan Army during the Chinese border crisis. Trimon was one of the few Tibetan diplomats present at the 1914 Simla Convention, and met Lord Hardinge. Trimön returned to Tibet to become the Commissioner of Eastern Tibet, where he irritated the Kashag with his staunch isolationist stance. In the final year of the 13th Dalai Lama, Trimön happened upon the machinations of Lungshar, and personally persuaded the ageing Dalai Lama to order Lungshar blinded for his liberal schemes. Trimön used this political affair to become a close confident with the regent, the young Jamphel Yeshe Gyaltsen. Trimön influenced the young Regent towards his isolationist view of both China and India, and the new Reting Rinpoche reciprocated by appointing Trimön Commander-In-Chief of the Tibetan Army. Recently Trimön has grown noticeably paranoid in his old age.§!
Huang Musong
§YBorn:§! §L1884, in Guangdong Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA student of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy and instructor at Whampoa Primary School, Huang Musong's career seemed to veer just out of relevance to national politics. During the Xinhai Revolution, Huang was appointed to the National Defence Inspection Commission and went to Mongolia and Xinjiang. Afterwards Huang attempted to enter Beiyang politics by becoming the Director of the Route Review Committee of the Ministry of Transport, but was ultimately reassigned back to Xinjiang in 1927, and his inactivity Northern Expedition only diminished Huang's reputation. Huang spent several more years in service of the underground KMT in Xinjiang, where he made contact with Sheng Shicai and Jin Shuren. Huang's reports to the Left KMT stating that both administrators were suitable patriots remains unchallenged within the Party. Huang visited Tibet after the 13th Dalai Lama's death in 1934, and found that most of the potential allies of the KMT were expelled to Bharat. After some time in Sikkim, Huang returned to the KMT's headquarters in preparation of the next revolution, and was appointed a chairman of the defunct Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission.§!
Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 1st, 1910, in Lhasa, Tibet, Great Qing§!
Dingja
§YBorn:§! §L1896, in Tibet, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn with the personal name Dorji Gyaltsen, Dingja was one of the potential candidates of the celebrated \
Yuthok Tashi Dhondhup
§YBorn:§! §L1904, in Lhasa, Tibet, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTashi Döndrub entered the Tibetan army at a young age in 1924, and used his aristocratic background to attend artillery training in the British Raj. Upon his return in 1930, Taishi was given a prestigious position of Secretary of the Kashag. In 1932 Taishi received additional training commanding machine gun operators, again in the British Raj. Taishi's extensive training allowed him a spot in the bodyguard of the 13th Dalai Lama. In 1933 Taishi was made general of a second experimental Dmag-Sgar division, the second after Thuben Kunphela's. Taishi's talent for new technology was recognised by the Reting Rinpoche in 1935, who made him Minister of Salt and Tea tax.§!
Böndong
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Tibet, Great Qing§!
Möndro
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Tibet, Great Qing§!
Sangye Yeshi
§YBorn:§! §L1917, in Barkam, Tibet§!
Heinrich Harrer
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 6th, 1912, in Hüttenberg, Duchy of Carinthia, Austria-Hungary§!
Tobgyal Pangdatsang
§YBorn:§! §L1904, in Kham, Tibet, Great Qing§!
Gompo Tashi Andrutsang
§YBorn:§! §L1905, in Litang County, Tibet, Great Qing§!
Tibetan Army Council
§YFounded:§! §L1913, in Lhasa, Tibet§!
Lonchen Yapshi Langdun Kung
§YBorn:§! §L1906, in Lhasa, Tibet, Great Qing§!
Khenchen Lobsang Tashi
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Lhasa, Tibet, Great Qing§!
Ngawang Sungrab Thutob
§YBorn:§! §L1874, in Kyarpa, Tibet, Great Qing§!
Lhalu Tsewang Dorje
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1914, in Lhasa, Tibet§!
Kashopa
§YBorn:§! §L1902, in Gyantse, Tibet, Great Qing§!
Dechen Nyingpo
§YBorn:§! §L1878, in Yutok Shar, Tibet, Great Qing§!
Lobzang Yampel Pangdatsang
§YBorn:§! §L1900, in Kham, Tibet, Great Qing§!
Lukhangpa
§YBorn:§! §L1895, in Tibet, Great Qing§!
Shengka Gyurme Tobgyal
§YBorn:§! §L1896, in Tibet, Great Qing§!
4th Gangchen Tulku
§YBorn:§! §L1884, in Tibet, Great Qing§!
Agvan Dorzhiev
§YBorn:§! §L1853, in Khara-Shibir, Transbaikal Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Norbhu Dhondhup
§YBorn:§! §L1884, in Kalimpong, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Tsepon Wangchuck Shakabpa
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 11th, 1907, in Lhasa, Tibet, Great Qing§!
Dudjom Jigdral Yeshi Dorje
§YBorn:§! §LJune 10th, 1904, in Kham, Tibet, Great Qing§!
Jamyang Tenpe Gyeltsen
§YBorn:§! §L1905, in Tsema Drong, Tibet, Great Qing§!
Gendün Chöphel
§YBorn:§! §L1903, in Shompongshe, Tibet, Great Qing§!
Hugh Richardson
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 22nd, 1905, in St. Andrews, Fife, Scotland§!
Rapga Pangdatsang
§YBorn:§! §L1902, in Kham, Tibet, Great Qing§!
Karl Tõnisson
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 20th, 1883, in Umbusi, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Surkhang Wangchen Gelek
§YBorn:§! §L1910, in Lhasa, Tibet, Great Qing§!
Rigzin Dorje Ringang
§YBorn:§! §L1901, in Tibet, Great Qing§!
Wangdu Norbu Kyipup
§YBorn:§! §L1896, in Tibet, Great Qing§!
Peter Aufschnaiter
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 2nd, 1899, in Kitzbühel, County of Tyrol, Austria-Hungary§!
The Great Fuyama
Monastic Modernist
Talented Reformer
Cosmopolitan Commander
Reactionary Regent
Jugendbewegung
Togolesische Jugendbewegung
UHVN
Union der Häuptlinge und Völker des Nordens
TH
Togolesische Häuptlingsliga
Provisorische Regierung
Provisorische Regierung
AL
Antikatholische Liga
DUTB
Demokratische Union der Togolesischen Bevölkerung
TF
Togolesische Fortschrittspartei
TA
Togolesische Arbeiterallianz
TS
Syndikalistische Bewegung Togos
Revolutionskomitee
Togolesisches Revolutionskomitee
Sylvanus Olympio
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1902, in Kpandu, Togoland Protectorate§!
Alhaji Grunshi
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Colony of the Gold Coast§!
