CSP-RHS
Chinese Syndicalist Party - Red Heart Society (Zhongguo Gongtuandang - Chixinshe)\n§LA political force that has seen its popularity surge in recent years, the more active and radical faction of the Sichuanese CSP rallies around one of the province's major labour organisers, Yang Angong.\n\nWorking in league with Wu Yuzhang and the other members of the provincial CSP, Yang and his colleagues would be responsible for organising strikes and uprisings throughout the mid-1920s. Politically, though, Yang would really come into his own as the head of the \
CSP-O
Chinese Syndicalist Party - Orthodox (Zhongguo Gongtuandang - Zhengtong Pai)\n§LSlightly deviating from the more urban, industrial and union-based syndicalism of the CSP mainstream, the CSP in Sichuan primarily springs from the group of Sichuanese intelligentsia that went abroad to France for work-study programs in the Great War, led by Wu Yuzhang among others.\n\nConnected with the various Sino-French education initiatives and spending time in France during both the war as well as the ensuing revolution, Wu Yuzhang and his fellow intellectuals would arrive back in China to capitalise on the waves of revolutionary fervour that followed the end of the Weltkrieg. Inspired by socialist thought but disheartened by the lack of unity within the Chinese revolution, which had fractured into revolutionary and reformist camps, Wu would spend the 1920s reading the works of socialist thinkers like John Reed, concluding the need for a clear ideological agenda, one which he found within the CSP. This agenda would be expanded with Wu's manifesto of the Sichuan Autonomous Federation, advocating for not only a transformation of the social economy and mutual assistance programs for workers, but an end to \
East Sichuan Red Army
Eastern Sichuan Red Army Guerrilla Force (Chuandong Hongjun Youjidui)\n§LThroughout the warlord era, Sichuan, much like its Southern neighbours, has been a hotbed for socialist guerrillas and intellectual activity, though this has been counterbalanced heavily by militarist repression and gentry influence. A keystone in China's agricultural heartland, Sichuan's agrarian nature has resulted in the Red Basin providing a fertile base of support that is sympathetic to the socialist cause.\n\nDuring the Northern Expedition, many members from both the LKMT and the CSP, some of whom had trained as junior officers at Whampoa, conducted irregular activities to disrupt the movements of warlord forces. One of the main actions was the failed Lushun uprising led by Liu Bocheng, Zhu De and Yang Angong in late 1926, which aimed to revolt in tandem with a renewed NRA push and disrupt warlord supply in the Sichuanese backwater. Though unsuccessful, the Lushun uprising would fan the revolutionary flames of the peasantry, refine the strategy of future guerrilla warfare and inspire others like Li Jiajun and Wang Weizhou to also conduct armed resistance in the countryside, resulting in the surprisingly successful Gujunba uprising in 1929.\n\nThe tumults of the 1930s have seen the peasant insurgencies primarily in Eastern Sichuan slowly being pushed back as consolidating militarists like Liao Zhen aim to wipe them out wholesale. Despite this, resistance has been resolute, with many more guerrilla cells mobilising to take the place of the fallen. These militias and revolutionaries have been reorganised in recent years into the East Sichuan Red Army Guerrilla Force, led by a committee headed by Wang Weizhou and split into three route armies, its strength bolstered by more irregular formations like the Fuling Peasant Army and CSP insurgent cells. But for all these developments, it remains to be seen if the last holdouts of both the KMT's agrarian bloc and the CSP in Sichuan have what it takes to wrestle control of the divided province when the time comes.§!\n
Nine Man Regiment
Nine Man Regiment (Jiu Ren Tuan)\n§LHolding a record of resistance against the Beiyang status quo and influences from both North and South, Xiong Kewu would make a name for himself in Sichuan in the province's chaotic early years, first against Yuan Shikai and several times after against the various Sichuanese autocrats. He and his \
Officer Department
$SZC_social_liberal_party_long_tt$\n§LUnlike the other departments, which all derive their namesake from key military academies, the Officer Department would develop from the graduates of the fourth and fifth classes of the Sichuan Preliminary Army School that had also been created under the Qing administration. These officers would become a key component under Baoding leadership, with both Li Jiayu and Luo Zezhou commanding their forces under Deng Xihou until their split with him in late 1929.\n\nIn 1927, Li and Luo would be stationed as divisional commanders around Suining, opting to form the Qunyi Society, a loose organisation aiming to attract new graduates from the Sichuan Army Officer School. The collapse of the Sichuan Frontier Defence Army and the forced resignation of its commander Liu Chengxun during the Central Sichuan War also brought one of his subordinates, Lai Xinhui, into the Officer Department, bolstering their numbers.\n\nHesitant to throw their lot in with any one of their significantly stronger opponents, the Officers have largely succeeded in staying neutral to both the Liu brothers as well as the Zhili provincial leaders throughout the early 1930s. Uniquely, however, the lower-ranking commanders of this department are remarkably progressive, with these ideals even championed by Li Jiayu himself, allowing for the Officer Department to be receptive to elements of federalism, democracy and even some aspects of the KMT.§!\n
Industrial Corps
Industrial Corps (Shiye Tuan)\n§LWith their foundation in the non-military sector, the Industrial Corps would primarily be comprised of graduates from the Sichuan Higher Education Academy, aligned with the centre and right of the KMT. Possessing no real central leader owing to the group's hybrid civilian and military wings, the Industrial Corps would begin as subordinates in Xiong Kewu's campaigns against Yuan Shikai and other warlords in the late 1910s. Though initially allied, Xiong's dissatisfaction with Sun Yat-sen's appointment of Yang Shukan as Sichuanese governor in 1918 as well as the removal of Industrial Corps figures from the army by Xiong would result in the Industrial Corps taking their chance during the Yunnanese invasion of 1920 to rebel against him, resulting in the corps' expulsion from the province.\n\nIndustrial Corps activity in Sichuan would not pick up again until Lü Chao's return to the province in June 1923 under orders by Sun Yat-sen. After playing the provincial strongmen of Liu Xiang, Yang Sen and even Yuan Zuming against each other, Lü Chao would find himself with a small defence zone and army, attempting to rally his subordinates to the KMT cause prior to the abortive Northern Expedition. After the collapse of the Guangzhou government, Lü found himself isolated once more, trapped along the Yunnan-Sichuan border and with hostile external forces waiting for an opportune moment to pounce.\n\nThis chance would arise as the 1930s dawned and encirclement campaigns into the mountains began. Hemmed in by Liu Wenhui's men to the West, Pan Wenhua's Southern Bandit Suppression Command to the North and East as well as Long Yun's Zhaotong Defence Commission to the South, Lü Chao had no choice but to melt further into the countryside, where his battered force try to make contact with the main RKMT junta in Guizhou. Even though they are considered a spent force for now, any form of catastrophic instability could prove to be the second wind Lü so desperately needs.§!\n
Baoding Department
$SZC_social_conservative_party_long_tt$\n§LOne of the few military factions that do not have roots in Sichuan, the Baoding Department is ostensibly a triumvirate of regional warlords who have graduated and served together from the prestigious Baoding Army Academy. The three leaders of the Baoding Department, Liu Wenhui, Deng Xihou and Tian Songyao, all saw their rise to prominence as key players in Sichuan politics while in an alliance against Yang Sen in 1925, forming the Three Army Command Office in Chengdu the following year.\n\nNestling themselves into the \
Accelerated Department
Accelerated Department (Sucheng Xi)\n§LThe nucleus of the Accelerated Department would be trained in the Sichuan Army \
Armament Department
Armament Department (Wubei xi)\n§LOriginating from the late Qing Sichuanese rearmament movement, the Armament Department remains the oldest of the cliques within Sichuan, comprised of predominantly senior military figures who graduated from the Sichuan Armament Academy established in 1902. Upon the takeover of the inland province by Hu Jingyi and Yin Changheng in 1911, the Armament Department influence would only increase, with all echelons of Sichuan command being staffed with Armament graduates and alumni. During the reign of Yuan Shikai, the Armament Department would split into Hu Jingyi's loyalist faction and Liu Cunhou's Sichuanese National Protection Army. However, with Hu being moved to Beijing, and his successor Chen Huan declaring the province's independence, the new de jure governor Luo Peijin held little sway in provincial affairs, resulting in his ousting by Liu Cunhou.\n\nLiu remained at the head of the Armament Department through the intervening years, leading campaigns against extra-provincial forces from Yunnan and Guizhou, Xiong Kewu's army and bandits, while also taking various sides in Sichuan's decades of militarist squabbles, being swept in and out of power all throughout. He would ultimately be appointed by the Zhili as head of the Sichuan-Shaanxi Border Defence Supervisory Office in 1924, obtaining jurisdiction in Sichuan's North-east.\n\n\
YCP
Young China Party (Zhongguo Qingniandang)\n§LBorn from the student \
Tian's Clique (Baoding)
Tian Clique of the Baoding Department
Baoding Department (Baoding Xi)
Officer Department (Junguan Xi)
CDL-NCRA
$SZC_CDL_ncra_long_tt$\n§L$GXC_CDL_intro$\n\nA growing political force attached to a titan of Sichuanese politics, the New Century Research Association, founded by leftist Zhou Taixuan and now headed by Zhang Lan, has been a rallying point for all progressives, new federalists and socialists alike. Coalescing informally from Zhang Lan's closest associates in his governing of Nanchong county in the early 1920s and his leadership in the Sichuan Rural Construction Association in 1927, the NCRA is the latest rendition of Zhang's political coalition as China's reunification draws near.\n\nBased on the Provisional Autonomy Charter of Nanchong County and Zhang's early years cooperating with republicans of all persuasions, the NCRA's policies centre around one of industrial autonomy and the reorientation of education to attain it, though many remain wary of the increasing leftist tilt of Zhang's new political apparatus.§!\n
China Democratic League - New Century Research Association (Zhongguo Minzhu Tongmeng Xīn shiji xuehui)
PFAPO
$SZC_Provincial_Federal_Autonomy_party_long_tt$\n§LHaving been confined to Hunan-administered Guizhou for nearly a decade, Xiong Kewu and his Nine-Man Regiment have been handed a mandate once more, not only on the battlefield but by the people of Sichuan who yearn for change.\n\nConsolidating and organising for more formal governance, Xiong has formed the Provincial Federal Autonomy Preparatory Office to begin addressing the province's concerns and complaints after the recent cessation and stabilisation of by far the most fractured province in China. The PFAPO has been effective thus far in inducting new intellect into its ranks and its members have been active in communicating the goals of federalism to the masses. In terms of administrative style, though, Xiong and his men have also taken partially from what they have observed from Zhao Hengti's Hunanese Assembly during their short stints there in both 1924 and again in 1928, ingratiating themselves with the local conservative gentry and business interests while simultaneously being careful not to alienate the farmers and workers that make up most of Sichuan.\n\nRegardless, the PFAPO remains vigilant against Sichuan's main threats of banditry, resource scarcity and the persistent scheming of petty warlords, which are all frequent sources of social discontent that threaten to tarnish Xiong's standing with the public.§!\n
Provincial Federal Autonomy Preparation Office (Liansheng Zizhi Choubei Chu)
PWS
$SZC_Public_Welfare_Society_long_tt$\n§LBased around Dayi County, the Public Welfare Society, headed by Liu Wenhui's brother Liu Wencai, has become quite a controversial institution. Ostensibly formed as a philanthropist and charity organisation, the PWS has instead become infamous across Sichuan as a front for the vast provincial patronage networks, brotherhood secret societies, various bandit leaders and scheming rural landlords. Liu Wencai himself has become notorious as the main perpetrator of some of the society's worst excesses, not only being a ruthless landlord, but also extorting and taxing civilians for everything from prostitution to owning farming implements.\n\nCivil authorities across Sichuan, particularly those on the frontier, have found themselves frequently strong-armed by members of the PWS and the militia attached to the organ. Local courts and taxation offices have been exploited purely for the means of enriching Liu Wencai and his cronies. Liu's connections with the remnants of the provincial Chamber of Commerce have also worsened the influence of the PWS, with the few merchants who used their wits and financial resources to reach secret deals with local warlords now also falling under Liu Wencai's authority.\n\nLiu Wenhui's attempts to keep his brother in check up to this point have been ineffective, with the PWS and its connections in the Pao-Ge - the Sichuanese Gelaohui still eclipsing formal administrative posts in controlling economic and neighbourhood activity.§!\n
Public Welfare Society (Gongyi Xie Jin She)
GRA-UFAA
$SZC_gra_ufaa_long_tt$\n§L$GXC_GRA_intro$\n\nWith roots from the early movements and societies of the 20s and 30s whereby various Sichuanese intellectuals experimented with Federal Autonomy, the United Federal Autonomy Association is the natural successor to such constitutionalist groups. Like many of its extra-provincial electoral allies in the Grand Republican Alliance, the UFAA champions the drafting of provincial constitutions, reorganising civil administration and a broad demobilisation of the national army upon the conclusion of most of the fighting that had plagued China.\n\nHeaded by Xiong's long-time ally following the Long-gowned General's step back from electoral politics, Dan Maoxin has continued to promote the Federalist cause, with the UFAA differing from their opponents by being more willing to compromise and enter into alliances with other republican factions like Beiyang Independents or remnants of the Political Science Clique. Despite slight differences with more fervently progressive elements in the Chinese Democratic League, dialogue between these two main blocs has remained civil and agreeable owing to the members of both having been united in the struggle against despotism in Sichuanese Federalism's earliest days.§!\n
Grand Republican Alliance - United Federal Autonomy Association (Gonghe Datongmeng Zizhi Lianhe Hui)
GRA-CGPS
$SZC_gra_cgps_long_tt$\n§L$GXC_GRA_intro$\n\nWith the integration of many key figures from the Sichuanese Baoding Department and other figures whom many idealists of the Federalist movement would consider merely opportunists, those who sought to consolidate their positions in this new government have rallied around the seasoned general Liu Wenhui and his Civil Governance and Progress Society. Composed of Liu's militarist colleagues like Deng Xihou and Tian Songyao as well as the general's comrades from his own family and patronage networks like the infamous landlord Liu Wencai, these men are all ostensibly members for the goals of self-preservation and have little to no interest in the principles of a genuine democracy.\n\nAs the head of the CGPS, Liu, to the surprise of many of his detractors, has aimed to promote policies of fresh administration and new educational methods, but has found his efforts constantly subverted and co-opted by many of his nominal allies. Deng, in particular, has been increasingly vocal about his own vision for China's modernisation, espousing populist rhetoric and the importance of decisive action over the trappings of democratic discussion.§!\n
Grand Republican Alliance - Civil Governance and Progress Society (Gonghe Datongmeng Minzhi Jingjinshe)
Zhili Clique
$SZC_Zhili_Clique_Civilian_party_long_tt$\n§LOwing its origins to the titanic rise of Feng Guozhang, the Zhili Clique would coalesce around him and his Presidency wherein he advocated for Unification by Negotiation with the South, as opposed to Prime Minister Duan Qirui's Unification by Subjugation. Following Feng's death in 1919, the Zhili Clique would become split between three endeavouring warlords — Cao Kun, Wu Peifu and Wang Chengbin. Engaging in rivalries with the Fengtian and Anhui Cliques, the Zhili Clique would reign supreme in 1922.\n\nDominating the Beiyang Republic for years, the Zhili would experience a climactic fall from power after a war between Qi Xieyuan and Lu Yongxiang would evolve into the Second ZhiFeng War, where Feng Yuxiang, a Zhili member at the time, would betray the clique and launch the 1924 Beijing Coup, ejecting President Cao and Wu Peifu. Whilst briefly regaining their power in an interregnum, it would appear that the Zhili have been ejected from the Central Plains altogether. Without directly intervening on either side in the League Collapse, the Zhili would open themselves to a coup from the detested Royal Court. Resulting in the death of both the primary and secondary leader of the Zhili Clique, it would fall under the tertiary leader, Marshal Wang Chengbin, to wage the fighting retreat to Sichuan province.\n\nNegotiating an agreement with Yang Sen, the Remnant Zhili Clique would see its patronage network severely cut down, with many dying in the Central Plains fighting. Now coalescing around esteemed diplomat Yan Huiqing, the intelligent and quizzical man has proven himself a capable rallying point upon which the civilian bureaucracy can pose a viable alternative to the dominance of Wang's militarists. Jointly united, the Civilians hope to see a reformed Beiyang, as to prevent such a calamity from ever happening again.§!\n
Zhili Clique (Civilian Wing) (Beijing Zhixi (Wenguan Pai))
Zhili Clique
$SZC_Zhili_Clique_Military_party_long_tt$\n§LOwing its origins to the titanic rise of Feng Guozhang, the Zhili Clique would coalesce around him and his Presidency wherein he advocated for Unification by Negotiation with the South, as opposed to Prime Minister Duan Qirui's Unification by Subjugation. Following Feng's death in 1919, the Zhili Clique would become split between three endeavouring warlords — Cao Kun, Wu Peifu and Wang Chengbin. Engaging in rivalries with the Fengtian and Anhui Cliques, the Zhili Clique would reign supreme in 1922.\n\nDominating the Beiyang Republic for years, the Zhili would experience a climactic fall from power after a war between Qi Xieyuan and Lu Yongxiang would evolve into the Second ZhiFeng War, where Feng Yuxiang, a Zhili member at the time, would betray the clique and launch the 1924 Beijing Coup, ejecting President Cao and Wu Peifu. Whilst briefly regaining their power in an interregnum, it would appear that the Zhili have been ejected from the Central Plains altogether. Without directly intervening on either side in the League Collapse, the Zhili would open themselves to a coup from the detested Royal Court. Resulting in the death of both the primary and secondary leader of the Zhili Clique, it would fall under the tertiary leader, Marshal Wang Chengbin, to wage the fighting retreat to Sichuan province.\n\nNegotiating an agreement with Yang Sen, the Remnant Zhili Clique would see its patronage network severely cut down, with many dying in the Central Plains fighting. Now coalescing around Marshal Wang, the military backbone of the Zhili Clique stands primed to retake their rightful land, and restore the primacy of the Beiyang Republic.§!\n
Zhili Clique (Military Wing)(Beijing Zhixi (Junren Pai))
Baoding Influence
The Baoding Department handles a significant amount of work within the government and the influence it holds lowers our legitimacy significantly. Despite this, their added efforts to our ranks help us ensure the Sichuanese powder-keg doesn't explode.
Internal Divisions
The past decade saw a small decrease in internal divisions of the Sichuan Clique, but the problem still lingers on. The influential Baoding Department, the strong Liu Xiang led faction of the Accelerated Department and the young Officer Department have all set the stage for the province's collapse being imminent at the slight upset of power.
Looming Agricultural Crisis
The production of opium has become extremely pervasive within Sichuan, being one of the few profitable crops due to the province's economic isolation. As a consequence, the production of grain and rice within the province has been reduced to a critical level, a situation made worse by the instability and incompetent governance of the last three decades. Sichuan teeters on the brink of a large-scale famine, were a natural disaster to happen.
Civil War!
Aftermath of the Civil War
Major Famine
A perfect storm of droughts, arable lands being devoted to opium cultivation and the civil war have caused a famine to grip the province of Sichuan. Much like the famine of 1925, the effects on the Sichuanese people is devastating. The state will be partially paralysed until it manages to solve this urgent crisis.
Recovering from the Famine
Refugee Wave
Refugees from Sichuan
Widespread Opium Production
Significant Opium Production
Important Opium Production
Limited Opium Production
Fading Opium Production
A Province Free From Opium
Corruption
Opium Smuggling
Problems with Addiction
Opium Monopoly
Merchant Resistance
Agricultural Heartland
Industrial Planning Committee
Commercial Expansion
Accelerated-Baoding Alliance
Economic Modernisation
Social Reforms
City Administration Plan
Construction Projects
Confucian Tradition
Four Virtues Movement
Southern Doctrine
Northern Doctrine
Support to the Zhili
§YThe Diarchy§!
§mBaoding Department - Liu Wenhui§!
§cBaoding Department - Deng Xihou§!
Liu Dominant
Liu Strengthened
Liu Favoured
Balanced
Deng Favoured
Deng Strengthened
Deng Dominant
Administrative Unrest
Army Unrest
Culture of Productivity
Rural Reconstruction
Institute of Technical Research
Women's Auxiliary Force
Irregular Tactics
Professionalism
Ongoing Bureaucratic Reforms
Ongoing Currency Reform
Ongoing Judicial Reform
Ongoing Army Reform
Ongoing Pacification
Preparing for Federalism
Unified Currency
Tax Reform
The modern Chinese Federalist rose and fell across the first half of the 1920s. A coalition of constitutionalists, democrats, and regionalists - they banded together amid the continued North-South stalemate at the peak of the warlord era. Their calls for the various provinces to work towards implementing local self-government and then peacefully unite together into a federal republic achieved some traction, but after a promising start it was rejected by both northern and southern governments. The Zhili's successful unification by force discredited the movement, and many came to associate the movement as little more than a front for warlordism.\n\nRebuilding the momentum that was lost over a decade ago will be difficult, but the with the country once again seemingly hopelessly divided and the Zhili clique's liberalising efforts proving to be a sham, many hold out hope that the Federalist movement could be the solution to China's problems. Whilst few expect much from the often divided Sichuan Cliques, they bear the banner of last stand of Chinese Federalism.
Last Stand of Chinese Federalism: §RHopeless§!
$SZC_federal_governmental_legitimacy_desc$
Last Stand of Chinese Federalism: §ORising Enthusiasm§!
$SZC_federal_governmental_legitimacy_desc$
Last Stand of Chinese Federalism: §OHoisting the Flag§!
$SZC_federal_governmental_legitimacy_desc$
Last Stand of Chinese Federalism: §CConstitutionalist Frenzy§!
$SZC_federal_governmental_legitimacy_desc$
Last Stand of Chinese Federalism: §GTrue Heirs§!
$SZC_federal_governmental_legitimacy_desc$
Last Stand of Chinese Federalism: §SDemocratic Reconstruction§!
The modern Chinese Federalist rose and fell across the first half of the 1920s. A coalition of constitutionalists, democrats, and regionalists - they banded together amid the continued North-South stalemate at the peak of the warlord era. Their calls for the various provinces to work towards implementing local self-government and then peacefully unite together into a federal republic achieved some traction, but after a promising start it was rejected by both northern and southern governments. The Zhili's successful unification by force discredited the movement, and many came to associate the movement as little more than a front for warlordism.\n\nChina is a nation of workers, peasants, and intellectuals; to build a civil workplace democracy for the masses is no easy task. Each individual requires their own special needs, and the nation requires that it be able to practice its Four Civic Rights. By fulfilling the principles of self-governance, development of production and improvement of the lives of the epasants and workers, advancement of China's national culture and development of its scientific spirit, it is hoped that the nation shall advance towards the democratic ideal.
Last Stand of Chinese Federalism: §gDemocracy's Five Spirits§!
The modern Chinese Federalist rose and fell across the first half of the 1920s. A coalition of constitutionalists, democrats, and regionalists - they banded together amid the continued North-South stalemate at the peak of the warlord era. Their calls for the various provinces to work towards implementing local self-government and then peacefully unite together into a federal republic achieved some traction, but after a promising start it was rejected by both northern and southern governments. The Zhili's successful unification by force discredited the movement, and many came to associate the movement as little more than a front for warlordism.\n\nMuch like Modernity retains its Five Spirits of Science, Endurance, Aspiration, Loyalty and Public Duty, and Research, Democracy too has its own Five Spirits. That of the Sharing of Governmental Power, Assurance of Freedoms, Protection of Rights, Industrial Health, and that of Cultivation. China clearly aspires to achieve both Democracy and Modernity, but one cannot have the former without the latter, and China is sorely lacking in Modernity. Until it reaches that of a modern industrialised nation-state, the nation's democracy must be taken care of, planned under the auspices of the Civil Governance and Progress.
Last Stand of Chinese Federalism: §lInstitutional Anti-Partisanship§!
The modern Chinese Federalist rose and fell across the first half of the 1920s. A coalition of constitutionalists, democrats, and regionalists - they banded together amid the continued North-South stalemate at the peak of the warlord era. Their calls for the various provinces to work towards implementing local self-government and then peacefully unite together into a federal republic achieved some traction, but after a promising start it was rejected by both northern and southern governments. The Zhili's successful unification by force discredited the movement, and many came to associate the movement as little more than a front for warlordism.\n\nIt is sorely necessary that the nation move beyond its fracture past of the Warlord Era, and onto new beginnings. The world has progressed whilst China has torn itself apart, and much work must be done for the Middle-Kingdom to match the pace of its fellow Nation-States. Now the nation must focus on itself, and on its own development, and through Reapproachement and Dialogue, the nation's institutions must be beyond petty political squabbles; this is the assertion of the new China, a nation for all walks of life.
Martialing of the Vindicated
China gazes upon the abyss, and it stares back. Chinese Federalism, long out of its prime of the 1920s, has been left without root, bequeathed upon its most unlikely son: Xiong Kewu. Marching out of his Tongren hovel in Guizhou, the ambitious general has made it his mission to assure one last final triump for in-which his fellows have failed, or otherwise. Joined in large part by allies of the moment within the Baoding and Officer Departments, and stewarded ultimately by the Third Force Democrats, Chinese Federalism's military arm has largely shaped itself upon the disciplined and rugged soldiers of the nation's interior.
Industrial Autonomy
If China is to succeed on its own two feet, the nation cannot have its already locally producing industries corralled into some sort of national conglomerates and monopolies. The provincial unit is sacred, and thus their industries must be granted autonomy from the national government to conduct business and to develop on their own terms, at least, with necessary worker's provisions enforced.
Start of the Golden Decades
The nation is on the up and up! With the nation receiving some assured stability ever since the Zhili Collapse, investors have begun to return in droves, hoping to cash-in on the rapidly developing Chinese market. With its rich natural resources, massive population, and clever management, China is sure to be the world's next greatest power, as long as growth continues.
Obscurations on Military Loyalties
What should've been foreseen, has ultimately struck the Government of National Reconstruction as its worst betrayal yet. Beholden to promises of National Demobilisation, yet attempting to thrust such an order under a de-jure Warlord backed stratocracy under the surface, the Government has found itself utterly doubting even the loyalties of its own forces. Behold more to their local commanders than the President, the national army is utterly factionalised beyond repair, and serious efforts will need to be taken to remedy such a travesty.
Nonsensical Economic Situation
Hardly capable of being blamed on the Government, China's economic situation, for lack of better wording, is terrible. Ruined by years of mismanagement, perhaps even treading back unto the Qing, the following decades of civil strife, warfare, and foreign exploitation certainly did not benefit the Chinese masses. With investors fleeing following the War with Japan, and the nation more devastated than ever, China's economic situation is paltry, and as ever, the people look towards the Central Government for aid.
Increasing Political Instability
Is it better to hold to your promises, at great cost to oneself? Or betray your fellows in order to preserve stability? For the Government of National Reconstruction, it is the former. Promising National Elections upon unification of the nation and fulfilment of their mission, the Government has begun to tear itself apart; already having been intensely disorganised and unstable. Former allies must now face off against each other, preparing for a political duel for national stewardship, all the while, forces gather in the shadows, gearing themselves to \
No Preparation Too Rigorous!
We have come so far in our quest for unification, and with our sights set upon the Northeast and Japan's other holdings, war with the Empire of the Rising Sun seems all but inevitable. But we shall be ready! Every man must be willing to give their all for our victory and China shall no longer be kept down by Japan like it has since 1895!
The Chinese Determination
Of course, the fate of the Chinese nation and our future can only be shaped through our determination alone - our willingness to work, to fight, to resist and to prosper. As our nation calls upon us, we shall answer, not only for it, but for the brothers and sisters we stand shoulder to shoulder with!
The Republic of China Navy
The precursor to a modern Chinese republican navy dates back to the early days of the Xinhai Revolution when the Ministry of the Navy was formed in the Provisional Government of the Republic of China. The former Qing Dynasty admiral Liu Guanxiong became the first Minister of Navy during this turbulent period. Following the Warlord Era and the subsequent Xuantong Restoration, many elements of the Republic of China Navy fled south for the Kuomintang and Federalist strongholds, while many others chose to remain loyal to the government in Beijing. With the Chinese country finally nominally unified under one banner, the time has come once more to revitalise and rebuild the Republic of China Navy so that it is truly worthy of protecting China's great maritime interests.
The Republic of China Airforce
While initial air operations began with the Qing Dynasty's Beijing Nanyuan airfield - the Republic of China Air Force owes its origins to the various independent air programs proposed and propagated by local warlords, and the Central Government. With our industrial and military strength stronger than ever before, the task is now thrust upon us to continue the legacy left behind by those before us and to create a truly powerful and modern air force for the Chinese people.
Rectifying Economic Disaster
Sichuan has only truly known peace fleetingly and sporadically from Xinhai until now, but it has entered peace again, hopefully in steady enough hands that it won't descend further into chaos. Our priorities can and should now be turned to the worsening socio-economic situation of this province's people, bestowing upon them the path towards prosperity and abundance we have promised for so long.
Abolishing Abominable Tax Practices
A prominent feature of Sichuan's warlord melee was the exorbitant taxes, not only on a litany of things, but also collected well in advance to satiate the volatile monetary demands that financed warlord armies in the Red Basin. But we shall see to things differently, regulating these taxes and finding other revenue sources, so that the people may be relieved of such a tremendous burden.
On the Great Campaign
As the last hope of the federalist movement, it is only right that we turn our focus to realising our true potential and prepare to push outside of our borders against the forces of sheer despotism that may well annihilate us first.
Flourishing Academic Scene
Academic professionals and students, particularly in Sichuan and the derelict western provinces, have long been sidelined in favour of more pressing issues. But due to our moves to support both the students and teachers as of late, our reforms have proven quite successful as the youth of today are shaped into the expertise of tomorrow.
Fighting Societal Apathy
Across all of China but having been particularly salient in Sichuan, the populace, ever occupied with more urgent matters of survival, has had little time to care about the broader movement of politics. This apathy must be tackled at the root, as true democracy cannot expect to survive if it is attacked by the unending cynicism of society from the start.
Establishing Bicameral Legislation
Now that the government, the opposition and various other civic groups organise themselves, the proper details of the legislature must also be ironed out. Zhang Lan's proposal of a bicameral legislature has been a model unanimously agreed upon, and thus will be how all politics shall be carried forward, as long as these democratic institutions exist.
Cemented Delegation of Powers
Along with the structure of the legislature and incoming administration being decided, we should take steps to naturally ensure that adequate checks and balances are in place to free us from the clutches of autocracy moving forward.
Seeing to Domestic Student Demands
Particularly in the more republican movements of both the Kuomintang and the Federalists, the student masses have long been both a supporting force and the main vanguard. As such, we must try to placate some of their demands in return, though we should also try to come to a compromise in the more radical areas.
Two Lius' War
Accelerated Modernisation
Accelerated Army Development
Legitimacy of the Republic: §oDespondent§!
Oh the irony of it all. Having originally been enunciated through the acquiescence of Empress Dowager Longyu, on behalf of Boy Emperor Puyi, the Beiyang Republic was formed in 1912 after the bloody struggle and sacrifices of legions of martyrs for the eradication of the monarchy. Bounding with hope and optimism, the people marched forward under the banners of reformers and revolutionaries alike, experiencing the great equalisation and pluralisation of the new, young and malleable republic. Yet it would all be snuffed out following the machinations of a despot. Having torn itself apart through strongmen and warlords, the Beiyang Republic was nothing but a corrupt, incompetent tool hoisted by whatever warlord clique controlled Beijing at the time. Cabinets lasted months, the Governmental system transitioned seven times in its whole existence, and despite it all there was still a sense of hope.\n\nExpelled from its rightful place in Beijing, the Beiyang establishment and the Zhili Clique have been cowed into exile with amicable allies in Sichuan. However that is perhaps one of many mistakes the Royalists have embarked upon. Under the auspices of Marshal Wang Chengbin, the Zhili have recuperated, and with it the legacy of the Xinhai Revolution lives on within them. And yet the common people, the common masses, and some of our estranged allies, doubt how genuine our sentiments are. Given that the Zhili tossed away the Republic when it was convenient, many believe our nation-state building project to be a sham. Although they would be wrong, for the only thing on the mind of the Marshal is revenge.
Legitimacy of the Republic: §rHopeless§!
$SZC_legitimacy_of_the_republic_desc$
Legitimacy of the Republic: §RBackwater Haven§!
$SZC_legitimacy_of_the_republic_desc$
Legitimacy of the Republic: §CRising§!
$SZC_legitimacy_of_the_republic_desc$
Legitimacy of the Republic: §lThe New Beiyang§!
Oh the irony of it all. Having originally been enunciated through the acquiescence of Empress Dowager Longyu, on behalf of Boy Emperor Puyi, the Beiyang Republic was formed in 1912 after the bloody struggle and sacrifices of legions of martyrs for the eradication of the monarchy. Bounding with hope and optimism, the people marched forward under the banners of reformers and revolutionaries alike, experiencing the great equalisation and pluralisation of the new, young and malleable republic. Yet it would all be snuffed out following the machinations of a despot. Having torn itself apart through strongmen and warlords, the Beiyang Republic was nothing but a corrupt, incompetent tool hoisted by whatever warlord clique controlled Beijing at the time. Cabinets lasted months, the Governmental system transitioned seven times in its whole existence, and despite it all there was still a sense of hope.\n\nTruly the Beiyang politicians are only capable individuals of ensuring good governance. Under their watchful eye, the technocratic administration remains pumping ever more, maintaining the gears of politics and administration. Under their light a new, reformed, Republic descends. One that claims legacy from the Xinhai political order, yes, but one that has seen it transformed into a new, truly diligent machine. A republic, not controlled by militarists or warlords, but one that works with them, hand-in-hand.
Legitimacy of the Republic: §gUnder the Marshal§!
Oh the irony of it all. Having originally been enunciated through the acquiescence of Empress Dowager Longyu, on behalf of Boy Emperor Puyi, the Beiyang Republic was formed in 1912 after the bloody struggle and sacrifices of legions of martyrs for the eradication of the monarchy. Bounding with hope and optimism, the people marched forward under the banners of reformers and revolutionaries alike, experiencing the great equalisation and pluralisation of the new, young and malleable republic. Yet it would all be snuffed out following the machinations of a despot. Having torn itself apart through strongmen and warlords, the Beiyang Republic was nothing but a corrupt, incompetent tool hoisted by whatever warlord clique controlled Beijing at the time. Cabinets lasted months, the Governmental system transitioned seven times in its whole existence, and despite it all there was still a sense of hope.\n\nOh the great Marshal of Tianjin! His excellent leadership has seen the Beiyang Republic thoroughly prepared for the trials ahead. Without him, it would be but a shambling corpse hobbling along, waiting for its extinction. With our soldiers steeled, their hearts furious, and the Marshal's eyes set upon Beijing, nothing will stand in our for the grand reclamation of the Zhili's position in the nation. The Jade Marshal may very well be peering at the Zhili with dismay, but the burden of leadership has been placed upon Wang's shoulders now.
Legitimacy of the Republic: §9On the Bright Horizon§!
Oh the irony of it all. Having originally been enunciated through the acquiescence of Empress Dowager Longyu, on behalf of Boy Emperor Puyi, the Beiyang Republic was formed in 1912 after the bloody struggle and sacrifices of legions of martyrs for the eradication of the monarchy. Bounding with hope and optimism, the people marched forward under the banners of reformers and revolutionaries alike, experiencing the great equalisation and pluralisation of the new, young and malleable republic. Yet it would all be snuffed out following the machinations of a despot. Having torn itself apart through strongmen and warlords, the Beiyang Republic was nothing but a corrupt, incompetent tool hoisted by whatever warlord clique controlled Beijing at the time. Cabinets lasted months, the Governmental system transitioned seven times in its whole existence, and despite it all there was still a sense of hope.\n\nThe stewardship of the ever reliable Yan Huiqing has seen the Xinhai political order flourish and thrive in light of its initial tremendous setback. Having done his service to the nation ever dutifully time and time again, he has managed to successfully construct a nation out of the rubble of the Manchu Coup. The Five Races Under One Union, it's legacy of national pride, patriotism and unification, it shall forever fly with national pride! A new hope and optimism finally arrives for the Chinese people. \
Legitimacy of the Republic: §6Tianjin's Democracy§!
Oh the irony of it all. Having originally been enunciated through the acquiescence of Empress Dowager Longyu, on behalf of Boy Emperor Puyi, the Beiyang Republic was formed in 1912 after the bloody struggle and sacrifices of legions of martyrs for the eradication of the monarchy. Bounding with hope and optimism, the people marched forward under the banners of reformers and revolutionaries alike, experiencing the great equalisation and pluralisation of the new, young and malleable republic. Yet it would all be snuffed out following the machinations of a despot. Having torn itself apart through strongmen and warlords, the Beiyang Republic was nothing but a corrupt, incompetent tool hoisted by whatever warlord clique controlled Beijing at the time. Cabinets lasted months, the Governmental system transitioned seven times in its whole existence, and despite it all there was still a sense of hope.\n\nFinally he has done it. After the struggles, the great perennial trials, the continuous hardship, the great, magnificent Marshal of Tianjin has overseen the restoration of the Beiyang Republic, and the unification of the nation! Whilst many feared he would be a mere continuation of the military despots that have toyed with the Republic's institutions since its inception, the Marshal has no pretences of his own superiority over the Republic. With his mission concluded, and the nation stabilised, a new era of democracy in China may begin to develop. Under his watchful eye, of course.
All for the Reconquest!
If we are to ever see our beautiful Beijing again, we must first and foremost dedicate every single resource available in Sichuan to our grand and glorious campaign. For the reclamation of our glorious Republic is an arduous task, one demanding the absolute most of every single Chinese patriot within our lands. No matter the cost.
Assistance of the German Giant
The last bulwark of Zhili prosperity, Sichuan province is far from a sustainable home for the institutions of the Republic, nor its expensive and modern military arm. Utilising our latent contacts within the German Legations, presuming they've not burnt all of our bridges, we have invited a series of military industrial manufacturers to promulgate new Accelerated factories within our homebase. With this, it is hoped that the reclamation of our rightful land will arrive soon enough.
Increasing Pluralisation
Following our enabling of further political participation in the exiled assembly, it would appear that the people have begun to become politically minded, swayed by the wise words of our politicians. Providing much needed legitimacy and stability for our government's apparatus, it has also led to an increase in popular support for the opposition parties within the rump Assembly.
Legacy of Baoding and Luoyang
The Baoding and Luoyang Cliques, now functionally extinct due to the decapitation of their leadership, carried with them austere and sincere air of warlords transforming into politicians. Foregoing the sabre and rifle for the suit and tie, they were in earnest Chinese statesmen. Cut short with the awful coup d'état, it has fallen to the Tianjin Clique, and the remnants of the others, alongside the clique of Beiyang bureaucrats to continue their mission of sincere statesmanship.
Embracing Meritocracy
Perhaps one of our greatest follies is that of the Zhili's patronage network. A reclusive association of nepotistic relationships disguised as good Confucian practices, it has resulted in a high command that is increasingly isolated, and a discontent lower sect of officers. Many of those officers aided the Manchus in the coup, in the hopes of receiving their due promotion. To truly reform, it must not only be politics, but that of the military's structure too.
Expertise of the Military
Our military of old was that of a miracle worker. Under the guise of the Jade Marshal's military brilliance, it performed tasks inconceivable, and feats that were nigh impossible. Of course that was in-part due to the military genius of Wu Peifu. Whilst Marshal Wang is surely not a fool, he is not a God of War either. To succeed, we must re-examine our doctrines, for all facets of warfare.
The 1923 Cao Kun Constitution
A remarkable piece of progressive legislature, the 1923 Cao Kun Constitution perhaps represents the peak of Beiyang idealism and hope in the merits of the Zhili Clique. Ultimately receiving a pluralist support from the majority of the Northern Assemblymen at the time, the Cao Kun constitution marked a significant attempt to formalise proper governance in the Beiyang Republic following a tumultuous era of blatant abuses by Duan Qirui and his Anfu Club. Seeking to establish a structured, organised and centralised government, it places significant executive power within that of the President. However it features remarkable components such as a clear separation of powers and an outline of clear civil rights of the Chinese people. Rather unfortunately, its implementation a decade ago was marred by allegations of corruption and autocracy, having been conducted around the similar timeframe in which Cao's bribery scandal concluded. And yet again, its re-implementation in this new era of chaotic times signals another attempt to rapidly stabilise the political situation. Rife with potential loopholes for executive abuse, one must merely place faith in the institutions at this current time to truly exert the will of the people.
Providing Bread and Circuses
To truly win the hearts of the people, it would not be prudent to toss meaningless concepts of \
Embracing Militarism
For our own national salvation, it requires the participation of every single citizen's martial spirit in order for an overseeing of the revival of the militaristic nation-state. Under the auspices of General Jiang Baili, the people are undergoing a revival of their own bushido, their own capacity for self-sacrifice for the motives of an ulterior goal. Greater than the individual, we must reclaim the spirit of the nation.
Legacy of the Academies
Deprived of Baoding, deprived of Kunming, the militarists are without the very cradles of their cliques. Nonetheless, we must carry on, with or without their expertise. For the majority of our officers and commanders are descendants of the martial spirit invoked in such institutions, and we'd be damned if we forgot our origins now.
Dawn of the Final Offensive
It is upon us! The hour of judgement! A true test of our new, reformed capabilities! Now is the time of great struggle, for our enemies lord over our rightful national capital, and if we are to fail, the Zhili Clique as we know it will perish. The Beiyang Republic does not linger on under the auspices of that perfidious Old Marshal, but under the Marshal of Tianjin! Zhonghua Mingguo Wansui!
Old Hope and Glory
Our men grow tired, their morale plummets, our factories halt, and our workers lament. The absolute dedication of every manageable resource to our total victory has come with an unduly cost. Whilst it will depart with time, the strain, the tears, they lie with our nation, seeping into its ground. One can only hope the sacrifices were worth it.
Hundred Years War of Resistance
The invaders dare trespass on our territory! The foreign imperialists, the vile Japanese! They have arrived to finally seize and eradicate our nation in a war of national survival! Every man, women and child must truly dedicate themselves in body and spirit to the preservation of China's millennia old civilisation, for we must prove to the Japanese that we can wage a Hundred Years War of Resistance!
Sounding the Bugles of Victory
Finally we have done it! The grand reclamation of the Zhili Clique's rightful position within the Chinese nation-state. No more shall we be forced to co-exist with the perfidious monarchists, no more shall we bow to any foreign power! The Zhili Clique may have been deposed, it may have initially lost its leadership, but it has found a new soul in the likes of Marshal Wang and Yan Huiqing. The bugles of victory sound, and the people rejoice!
Extending a Hand to the Young China
Despite their convictions and reluctant participation in the Manchu bureaucracy, the Young China Party at its core is that of a nationalist, patriotic and devoutly Republican one. Whilst we were at odds before, many within the Assembly and the soldiery view their ideological tenacity with pride. Whilst hardliners would rather see them excise, cooperating once more with the YCP can see a reinvigoration of Chinese militarism and nationalism.
Intellectualism with Endeavour
The Endeavour Society, a long functioning intellectual organisation and article producer, was founded under the likes of Cai Yuanpei, Hu Shih, Li Dazhao, Liang Shuming, Wang Chonghui, Tao Menghe and many other reformist, later revolutionary in certain cases, intellectuals. Continuously championed by Hu Shih in some form, they represent one of the many Federalist blocs within the North's political scene. Sharing a mutual home during our exile, let us further integrate this think tank further into our government, however they expect much of our government. Most importantly, immediate reform of its institutions.
The Public Safety Bureau
The Public Safety Bureau, or PSB, is the name of the Intelligence Agency moonlighting as the Zhili's secret police, nominally led by Liu Menggeng and Wang Yujia. Utilising both their contacts within the Central Plains and elsewhere alongside their admirable experience in running Cao Kun's spy and intelligence rings, the entity has been established to ensure that the possibility of a Manchu Coup could never happen again. Espionage, suppression of internal dissent and counter-intelligence are just some of the many objectives the institution has been authorised to deal with.
Behind Manchu Lines
They may have squashed our military might on the surface, but little do the Royalists know that the Zhili networks and influence seeps deep into the earth of the Central Plains. Our beloved King of Baoding may have been mercilessly slaughtered at the hands of the Manchu Princes, but his networks remain forever strong. And willing to leverage us any benefit for the annihilation of our enemy.
Reconstituting the Beiyang Navy
Following through with a rather ambitious plan drawn up by restored Minister of the Navy, Admiral Sa Zhenbing, a significant portion of the country's budget is being prioritised for a state-planned modernisation and production effort of a brand new fleet of ships. It is hoped that by the end of this year plan, the Chinese Navy will have rapidly modernised, and will no longer sail ships of a decade before.
Western Revitalisation Plan
Encourage Local Initiative
Crafting Talent of the New Generation
The most crucial element in developing China in our path to modernity is to properly educate the masses. As the masses learn the skills of the modern age, so too shall more of the people partake in the political system, and shore up our newfound democracy. We seek an educated populace guiding our Republic forward!
Vaulting Militaristic Personalism
During the Chinese Civil War, various prominent warlords rose to great influence within the Federal military. These warlords command a force loyal not primarily loyal to the Republic, but to their commanding officer. If our Republic's democracy is to thrive, personalism must be rooted out from the source.
Government Union Partnership
Trade unions haven't been the most prominent force in China, primarily owing to the nation's agrarian nature that had been the norm for so long. However, as unification is achieved and Chinese industry takes the lead, workers must also gain representation. We must expand and integrate the unions so that workers from the silk farms of Sichuan, to the coal mines of Shanxi, and to the docks of Shanghai get their say.
China's Industrial Revolution
Having been embroiled in a plethora of turmoils until now, China has been a land split between subsistence farming in the west and various derelict industries in the East. But no longer! By educating our people on the benefits of industry and how to operate and construct, we shall seek to industrialise at a rapid speed, leveraging our previously untapped resources. We shall rival Britain in a decade's time!
Specialised Practical Schools
Forming from examples pioneered in Nanchong, specialised practical schools have been established, with schools acquiring professional classes for training on matters of agriculture and sericulture, both integral industries, especially in Sichuan. More schools have also begun to introduce professional classes for science, liberal arts, traditional Chinese medicine, and heavy industry. Each of these specialised classes features its own practical workshops, farms, and clinical internships, promoting the integration of education and productive labour.
Finding a Use for All
National Centralisation is required, no time more so than right now, as China finally mostly falls under a new administration. Former political figures, whether they be politician or warlord, must be given work in productive developments lest they do nothing but obstruct and criticise the government. Similarly, the unemployed and idle must be pressed into technical programs to prepare them for China's industrial future, and all technical expertise must be utilised.
The National Demobilisation Programme
Now that unification is upon us, the issue of militarisation can once again be addressed. Excessive and runaway mobilisation by multiple actors has always been a problem across both Sichuan and Warlord China more generally. The time has come to standardise standing armies and drastically reduce the size of irregular and autonomous military formations, as we have promised the people from the start.
New Style Education Scheme
Lack of widespread education has always been the root of cultural backwardness throughout China, having been observed first-hand by General Liu Wenhui during his time in Sichuan. No doubt, the status quo needs reform - new public examinations must be organised, demonstration meetings must be hosted, and the top of the student cohorts are to be selected for more prestigious posts and commended for their achievements.
True Purposes of Knowledge: Civic Democracy
In order to move forward with the times, education must continually evolve to meet the demands of modernity. The lingering poison of the old imperial examination mindset must be dealt with!As educators and cultural workers, we have a historic duty: we must proclaim a declaration of intellectual independence, secure for students the freedom to learn, research, speak, and publish, and thereby complete the democratisation of educational spirit.
True Purposes of Knowledge: National Sacrifice
In order to move forward with the times, education must continually evolve to meet the demands of modernity. The lingering poison of the old imperial examination mindset must be dealt with! People ought not to think of pursuing education as a stepping-stone to high offices and riches. We must find ways for our brightest minds to devote themselves, within fifty years, not to becoming doctors of literature or philosophy, but to the study of raising livestock and agricultural cultivation - a true education of the people.
Is deleted
Replace §Y$SZC_looming_agricultural_crisis$§! with §Y$SZC_major_famine$§!\nEffective Change:
We will be able to import grain from an additional source.
No grain imports are currently under way
We have enough funds to afford a second import route
£convoy_texticon [?30|H0]
£convoy_texticon [?30|R0]
It costs $SZC_famine_PP_30_tooltip$ to take this decision
£convoy_texticon [?50|H0]
£convoy_texticon [?50|R0]
It costs $SZC_famine_PP_50_tooltip$ to take this decision
£convoy_texticon [?60|H0]
£convoy_texticon [?60|R0]
It costs $SZC_famine_PP_60_tooltip$ to take this decision
£convoy_texticon [?80|H0]
£convoy_texticon [?80|R0]
It costs $SZC_famine_PP_80_tooltip$ to take this decision
Relief Resources: $RIGHT|0=+$.
0-30 Relief Resource Points will be added to the pool with each passing week.
\n§CThe following effect will happen monthly:§!\n
£rifle_texticon §Y200§! £command_power §Y50§!
£rifle_texticon §R200§! £command_power §R50§!
It costs $SZC_200_inf_50_CP$ to take this decision
£opium_texticon §Y95%§!
£opium_texticon  §R95%§!
It costs $SZC_control_95_blocked$ to take this decision
£opium_texticon §Y3%§!
£opium_texticon  §R3%§!
It costs $SZC_spread_3_blocked$ to take this decision
£opium_texticon  Opium Control: [?SZC_opium_control_change|+=%1]\n
£opium_texticon  Opium Spread: [?SZC_opium_spread_change|+=%1]\n
§GThe Opium Crisis is solved!§!\n
§YCorruption§! has been dealt with
$SZC_opium_corruption_tooltip$
§YSmuggling§! has been dealt with
$SZC_opium_smuggling_tooltip$
§YAddiction§! has been dealt with
$SZC_opium_addiction_tooltip$
£opium_texticon  §YOpium Control§! of §Y20%§! or higher
£opium_texticon  §YOpium Control§! of §Y40%§! or higher
£opium_texticon  §YOpium Control§! of §Y60%§! or higher
£opium_texticon  §YOpium Control§! of §Y80%§! or higher
£opium_texticon  §YOpium Spread§! of §Y48%§! or lower
£opium_texticon  §YOpium Spread§! of §Y36%§! or lower
£opium_texticon  §YOpium Spread§! of §Y24%§! or lower
£opium_texticon  §YOpium Spread§! of §Y12%§! or lower
§CThe requirements for this focus will appear after a method of dealing with the Opium Crisis has been chosen§!
§LA method of dealing with the Opium Crisis has been chosen§!
The Opium Crisis has been solved
§gYang Sen Faction of the Accelerated Department has won the civil war.§!
§YInfantry Equipment§!:\n  $STAT_COMMON_BUILD_COST_IC$§G-10.00%§!\n
§CThe Baoding Department has won the civil war.§!
§gDeng Xihou will focus on the social and moral development of Sichuan, in order for it to become a model for all of China to follow.§!
§gLiu Wenhui will focus on the development of education and industry in the province, in the hopes of matching the development of the Zhili areas, or even Fengtian.§!
[SZC_diarchy_increase_wenhui_tooltip]
[SZC_diarchy_increase_xihou_tooltip]
§GLiu Wenhui's influence over the government will increase!§!\n
§YLiu Wenhui's influence over the government will increase!§!\n
§GDeng Xihou's influence over the government will increase!§!\n
§YDeng Xihou's influence over the government will increase!§!\n
No influence effort in the last 60 days
§YLiu Xiang Faction of the Accelerated Department has won the civil war.§!
Unlocks £decision_icon_small §YFaction Joining§!\n
§RThe Officer Department has won the civil war.§!
Once the §YArmy Reform§! is complete:\n
Unlocks £decision_icon_small §YForeign Weapons Purchases§! and §YForeign Advisor Contracts§!\n
Unlocks £decision_icon_small §YAlliances with Friendly Warlords§!\n
£decision_icon_small §YProvince Integration Decisions§!:\n     Completion Time: §G-20 days§!\n£decision_icon_small §YConcession Integration Decisions§!:\n     Completion Time: §G-15 days§!\n
£decision_icon_small §YProvince Integration Decisions§!:\n     Small:\n          Political Power Cost: §G-10§!\n     Medium:\n          Political Power Cost: §G-15§!\n     Large:\n          Political Power Cost: §G-20§!\n
Unlocks the £decision_icon_small §YReunification Campaigns§!
Unlocks the £decision_icon_small §YNorthwestern Campaigns§!\nUnlocks £decision_icon_small §YAlly Integration§!
§LThe road to hell is paved with good intentions.§!
§gHeavy on the heart, is the hand at the wheel.§!
§YYou will play as the Zhili Remnants!§!
§GThe People's perception of our government will improve!§!
If our enemies think we will back down after a blow like that, they do not know the Zhili Clique.
§LRegret looms large in the Middle Kingdom.§!
§CIf we have pursued Yan Huiqing's Presidency:§!
§CIf we have pursued Wang Chengbin's Stewardship:§!
§LThrough our efforts, liberal leaders such as §YHu Shih§!, §YHuang Fu§!, §YGu Zhongxiu§! and §YZhang Shaozeng§! shall join our government!§!
§LIn our crusade to eradicate the Guanxi system's influence from the Zhili army, we will no doubt encounter much resistance, however at the end of it we shall be rewarded with §Y50§!£GFX_army_experience§!
§LTo rout the Manchu, we must dedicate absolutely §oeverything§! to our righteous cause. However such pursuits of total war are sure to lead to drawbacks once our efforts wane.§!
§LThis will decide the fate of the future of the Beiyang Republic...§!
This decision can be taken up to §Y3§! times. (Currently §Y[?SZC_gun_count]/3§!)
This decision can be taken up to §Y3§! times. (Currently §Y[?SZC_support_count]/3§!)
This decision can be taken up to §Y3§! times. (Currently §Y[?SZC_artillery_count]/3§!)
The §YZhili Remnant Divisions§! will be reorganised, resulting in the following:
§gWenhui still holds control over a large number of soldiers, including three skilled §Ymountaineer§! units, and gaining his loyalty may be worth the price.§!
§GLiu Wenhui's units will join our service!§!
§YLuo Zezhou§!: Modify trait §YKing of Shunqing§! by\nDivision Recovery Rate: §G+7.5%§!\nWar Support Weekly: §G+0.10%§!\nDaily Command Power Gain Multiplier: §G+5%§!
(§Y$all_chinese_countries_tt_cap$§!) Army Attack Bonus Against: [?10|+=%%]
§nif hired in the military staff, would greatly help our efforts in§!
§Gservice in our military staff greatly helps our efforts in§!
§Y§gXian Ying, §!$GXC_if_hired_advisor$ in educational and CDL-oriented reforms!§!
§Y§gXian Ying's§! $GXC_is_hired_advisor$ in educational and CDL-oriented reforms!§!
§Y§gLiu Guanglie, §!$GXC_if_hired_advisor$ in political and intelligentsia-related reforms!§!
§Y§gLiu Guanglie's§! $GXC_is_hired_advisor$ in political and intelligentsia-related reforms!§!
§Y§gYu Jitang, §!$GXC_if_hired_advisor$ in industrialisation efforts!§!
§Y§gYu Jitang's§! $GXC_is_hired_advisor$ in industrialisation efforts!§!
§Y§gHu Ziang, §!$GXC_if_hired_advisor$ in democratic and industrial reforms!§!
§Y§gHu Ziang's§! $GXC_is_hired_advisor$ in democratic and industrial reforms!§!
§Y§gLai Xinhui, §!$GXC_if_hired_advisor$ in military reforms!§!
§Y§gLai Xinhui's§! $GXC_is_hired_advisor$ in military reforms!§!
§Y§gXiang Chuanyi, §!$GXC_if_hired_advisor$ in strengthening Baoding and industrialisation!§!
§Y§gXiang Chuanyi's§! $GXC_is_hired_advisor$ in strengthening Baoding and industrialisation!§!
§Y§gLiu Yuanxuan, §!$GXC_if_hired_advisor$ in progressive-Baoding reforms!§!
§Y§gLiu Yuanxuan's§! $GXC_is_hired_advisor$ in progressive-Baoding reforms!§!
§Y§gLiu Wencai, §!$GXC_if_hired_advisor$ in gentry reforms!§!
§Y§gLiu Wencai's§! $GXC_is_hired_advisor$ in gentry reforms!§!
§Y§gShao Shichi, §!$GXC_if_hired_advisor$ in financial and democratic reforms!§!
§Y§gShao Shichi's§! $GXC_is_hired_advisor$ in financial and democratic reforms!§!
§Y§gZeng Shufan, §!$GXC_if_hired_advisor$ in leftist and anti-partisan reforms!§!
§Y§gZeng Shufan's§! $GXC_is_hired_advisor$ in leftist and anti-partisan reforms!§!
§Y§gLi Weiru, §!$SZC_if_hired_military_staff$ in mustering devoted recruits!§!
§Y§gLi Weiru's§! $SZC_is_hired_military_staff$ in mustering devoted recruits!§!
§Y§gWang Yunxiang, §!$SZC_if_hired_military_staff$ in organisational military reforms!§!
§Y§gWang Yunxiang's§! $SZC_is_hired_military_staff$ in organisational military reforms!§!
§Y§gLi Jiayu, §!$SZC_if_hired_military_staff$ in strengthening the Officers!§!
§Y§gLi Jiayu's§! $SZC_is_hired_military_staff$ in strengthening the Officers!§!
§Y§gHuang Yin, §!$SZC_if_hired_military_staff$ in military reforms!§!
§Y§gHuang Yin's§! $SZC_is_hired_military_staff$ in military reforms!§!
Upon §Yremoval§! of this §Ynational spirit§!, we shall gain:
§YBy granting concessions to the §RLeftist Radicals§! within the nation, we may enter a United Front with them should war break out with the Rising Sun!§!
§YThe §nYoung China Party§! will be guaranteed to join the government's coalition after national elections are held! But their expected promises will be greater than most...§!
§YZhang Lan's leftist outlook is considered quite radical by some! You will lose stability proportional to how much §cSocial Conservative§!, §nNational Populist§!, §PPaternal Autocrat§! and §gAuthoritarian Democrat§! influence you had.§!
§YDemocracy may be wounded, but it still has some teeth! You will lose stability proportional to how much §cSocial Conservative§!, §mMarket Liberal§!, §lSocial Liberal§! and §SSocial Democrat§! influence you had.§!
§YYou can hardly force a healthy democracy through domineering! You will lose stability proportional to how much §gAuthoritarian Democrat§!, §PPaternal Autocrat§!, §RRadical Socialist§! and §SSocial Democrat§! influence you had.§!
§WWe will gain civilian factories in §YNanjing, Guangzhou, Beijing, Wuhan, and Changsha§!. We will gain one civilian factory per city depending on the influence of our §SSocial Democrat§!, §lSocial Liberal§!, §mMarket Liberal§!, and §cSocial Conservative§! popularity.§!
§LThis focus will give us different effects depending on whether or not we have the advisors §YXian Ying§!, §YLi Zemin§! and §YXiong Zhefan§! appointed. If we have all advisors, we will receive an additional effect!§!
§WWe will gain military factories in §YNanjing, Guangzhou, Beijing, Wuhan, and Changsha§!. We will gain one military factory per city depending on the influence of our §aAuthoritarian Democrat§! popularity.§!
§mMarket Liberal§! and §cSocial Conservative§! coalition partners now contribute 75% of their party popularity to our $MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_GAIN$.
§LWe will gain civilian factories in §YNanjing, Guangzhou, Beijing, Wuhan, and Changsha§!. We will gain one civilian factory per city depending on the influence of the combined total of half of our §lSocial Liberal§!, §mMarket Liberal§!, §cSocial Conservative§!, and §aAuthoritarian Democrat§! popularities.§!
Famine Relief Efforts
The famine that wreaked havoc on Sichuan in 1925 has left a deep scar upon our people. While we've done what we can to prevent another one, the collapse of the League, persistent drought and rampant unrest has turned our worst fears into reality. We must now do everything we can to fight this famine.\n\n§1The famine will end when its §Y$MODIFIER_GLOBAL_MONTHLY_POPULATION$§! modifier reaches §!§Y0%§! (currently [?SZC_famine_monthly_population|=%+0]).\n\nCurrent Relief Resources: £convoy_texticon  [?SZC_famine_PP|H0]
International Famine Relief
China has endured a lot in recent years and there is only so much we can do to help ourselves. In places abroad, that have not been blighted by war or famine, there's more than enough grain to go around. We should appeal for them to help us in our time of need.
Service for Food
Every able-bodied man that can serve must do his part to overcome the disaster! As such, we'll offer civilians increased rations in exchange for military service and have these soldiers assist in the distribution of food to the masses.
Labour Relief
There isn't enough food to go around, so those that can must work to earn their rations. We'll set up a programme where the unemployed and able-bodied are conscripted as labourers and paid in rations to build the infrastructure and facilities we need to better combat the famine.
Allocate More Government Funds
In order to fight the famine, we'll need to step in with more resources from the government. This will, however, come at the expense of other state projects.
Increase Relief Efforts
It's clear that more must be done to distribute the food into the countryside. Local leaders in rural parts of Sichuan will be tasked with setting up programmes to distribute rice to their communities.
Food Banks
The government will work with farmers and Buddhist temples to bring food to the people of Sichuan, better helping us reach every level of society with our efforts to combat this disaster.
Subsidise Food Production
Sichuan has plenty of farmers, but since most of them don't earn enough to rely on anything but the weather and antiquated methods the spectre of a new famine looms with every drought. By stepping in with money from its own coffers, the state can help farmers combat waste and increase productivity.
Enact Price Controls
When the famine broke out many merchants started to hoard grain and rice while charging extortionate fees for these goods. The state, backed by the army if need be, will make sure no one profiteers from the misery of our people by enacting price controls.
Child Protection Programme
Fading Famine
With the end of the drought, our agriculture has started to slowly recover. Over the next months, the catastrophic famine will finally fade into the past... leaving only its scars behind.
Import Grain from [SZC_import_target]
German Indochina
[From.GetNameDef]
Since drought has rendered the yield of most of our farmlands meagre at best for the foreseeable future, the state will allocate funds to import food from abroad, to make up for what the drought destroyed.
Request Aid from [SZC_famine_relief]
[SZC_famine_relief_desc]
the Central Government
The old central government in Beijing has fallen on hard times just like everyone else in China. Be that as it may, they wouldn't leave their fellow Chinese behind. We should ask for their help in fighting the famine.
the Fengtian Government
Guangdong
the Kuomintang
Yunnan
the Legation Council
From Hong Kong to Shanghai, the Legation Cities possess an abundance of wealth and resources. Compared to the rest of China, they're largely left unscathed by the death of Marshal Sun and the subsequent turmoil. Because of this, they're in a position to help - whether their bureaucracy is willing to, however, is another matter altogether.
Sales Monopoly Bureau
The opium situation is beyond our control at this point and we're in no position to completely rid ourselves from it. Instead of eradicating the industry entirely, we'll bring it under the control of the state and put the profits from this vice into our coffers.\n\nCurrent Opium Control: £opium_texticon  [?SZC_opium_control|+%1]
Bureaucratic Reforms
We need to take measures to mould the state bureaucracy into functioning less like a conventional one and more like a business as far as opium is concerned. By making gradual changes to this effect, we'll streamline our control over the market.
Buy Out Merchants
Sometimes the best way to deal with the competition is to simply buy it out. While a costly investment for the state to make, in due time these costs to our state coffers should be paid back through the profits we'll make.
Forced Acquisitions
By adopting a very literal interpretation of the law, we can send in the police to forcibly shut down a few private markets and use their goods and property to expand our monopoly.
Tax Harvesting Scheme
In order to increase revenues to fund our government plans, we can devote extra resources to local administrators and help their efforts to collect the taxes - old, current and new - owed to us and squeeze out every penny from those that thought they were above the law. It'll be unpopular, but it's for the good of Sichuan.
Transit Tariffs
We'll have the military and police establish checkpoints throughout the key roads and transit points around Sichuan to tax the transportation of opium. While a hassle for the commoner, it'll fill our coffers and prevent the competition from moving their goods.
Farmer Licensing
Every farm engaging in opium production will need a licence to operate from here on. Failure to comply will, of course, force us to confiscate their property.
Uncontested Monopoly
There is no more opium market in Sichuan, only a state monopoly that the criminals and smugglers can't touch. If they aren't directly under our control, they're de facto so through our regulations and taxes. While some may say that we're no better than the criminals we ousted, we've brought security and a steady stream of money to the state.
Combat Corruption
Our efforts to maintain market control are hampered by some of our officials taking bribes in order to turn a blind eye to the non-sanctioned opium businesses. By removing them, there'll be fewer cracks for the non-state actors to slip through.
Combat Smuggling
By diverting our army to patrol the roads and rivers of the country we'll be able to greatly hinder the smugglers cutting into the state's monopoly. Gradually, this will drive them out of business.
Opium Prohibition Committee
Since the Treaty of Tianjin was imposed upon us, the opium trade has ravaged China and brought despair to millions of Chinese. Our guilt in this is significant - Sichuan is the rotten core of this destructive industry. The challenge facing the Opium Prohibition Committee is immense, but we owe it to our people to free them from the clutches of opium.\n\nCurrent Opium Spread: £opium_texticon  [?SZC_opium_spread|+%1]
Promote Crop Production
One of the reasons for the prevalence of opium crops is their profitability. By subsidising and otherwise promoting the growth of regular crops we should start seeing more of our farmers move away from growing opium.
Poppy Burning Campaign
We'll cut the supply off right at the source by sending the army to raid some of the more prominent illegal opium fields still in operation.
Prohibitionist Victory
Through the dedication of the OPC, the scourge of addiction that has plagued Sichuan for so long is finally contained and those profiteering from it are behind bars or chased out of our provinces. This is truly a victory worth celebrating!
Anti-Corruption Campaigns
Our efforts in containing the spread of opium are greatly hindered by corrupt officials and civil servants that take bribes, embezzle funds and ignore the law when convenient. More efforts should be taken to make sure they know that their badges and titles don't make them stand above the law
Purge the Administration
Drastic times call for drastic measures and we presently have too many weasels in our midst that profiteer from our people's hardships. We'll use our police and army to remove them from their positions and send a clear message that we will not tolerate corruption.
Anti Smuggling Measures
By diverting our army to patrol the roads and rivers of the country we'll be able to greatly reduce the freedom of movement of the smugglers in our province.
Break the Black Market
Instead of gradually suppressing the criminals, we'll send in the army and fight them like we would fight any other enemy of Sichuan with unrestricted force.
§RThe bandits won't take this one lying down. If this operation is a failure, it'll significantly set back our efforts!§!
Set Up Treatment Clinics
By building new clinics and expanding existing ones to rehabilitate the addicted, we'll mitigate the effects of the crisis and make the business less profitable for smugglers.
§GOnce the crisis is over, these clinics will still be around to help people with more conventional needs.§!
The Diarchy
Unlike many warlord cliques in China, Baoding is noted for being more prone to cooperation than competition. If the balance is maintained it'll bring powerful benefits to Sichuan. Both sides need to give and take for the cooperation to work, for if one side becomes too dominant the diarchy may start to resemble the autocracies that surround it.
Favour the Militarists
By supporting the more conservative military wing through funding and favours, our army will reap the benefits while giving their faction a boost in the public eye. If the army is neglected, it'll degrade their performance in the field. Letting them grow too strong, however, risks crippling Sichuan's civilian branches of government. While it's certainly tempting to favour the army in times of war in particular, we should be careful not to provoke a hostile response by letting our administrative duties crumble.
Favour the Bureaucrats
By providing more resources and public support for the civilian branches of government, we'll see an well-oiled bureaucracy, more able to tackle the challenges that the province faces. Should we favour them too heavily, however, our army will suffer the results of spending cuts and perform worse in the field. If this goes on for too long, we can't rule out the army taking measures into their own hands to adjust this imbalance.
Send Help to the League
Zhili Remnants
The Zhili remnants, under the auspices of §PMarshal Wang Chengbin§! have managed to recuperate their forces within [SZC.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. However brutally beaten, losing many good men along the way, the Remnant Zhili Forces join our native Sichuan armies as a spent force. On the bright side, all is not lost. With veterans from the ZhiFeng Wars, and intense experience fighting the Manchu armies in their withdrawal, the men are skilled, hardy and all too capable. We should seek to integrate and reform the Zhili forces, so that we can strike back on the war path against the Royalists, anyone else who dares stand in our way of national unification.
Reorganise the Remnant Divisions
Fleeing with a retinue of his most loyal, diehard soldiers, §PMarshal Wang Chengbin§! alongside the likes of Jiang Baili and Zhang Qihuang bring with them their remnant forces that, used to, comprise the majority of their divisions. Once the Central Army, the Zhili are now reduced to a paltry force, outer Zhili members such as Tang Xiangming, or the League non-withstanding. Perhaps a costly endeavour, the §PMarshal§! has constructed a plan in-which the forces will be demobilised, reorganised and reconstituted into a group of elite \
Foreign Arms Deals
Devout in our crusade against the Manchu and their royalists, this does not necessarily mean we are opposed to the practices and convictions of the imperialists. Not quite yet. After all, one thing at a time, no? Whilst our noble armament arsenals such as Chongqing and Daxian work around the clock to produce the artillery, the shells, the bullets and the rifles necessary to sustain our armies, another avenue for armaments has defined itself. Far reduced from our stature as the Central Government, internationally recognised, that does not matter in the scale of the arms trade. Looking towards a wider expanse of benefactors in the international arms area, we can arm ourselves for the great reconquest!
Purchase Foreign Guns
With the increasing military modernisation around the globe, clearly in preparation for some broader national conflict on the horizon, international rifles are being rapidly modernised similarly. Resulting in an influx of outdated designs gathering dust in global stockpiles, our logistics staff have drafted a series of contracts in which we would purchase an assortment of excess armaments.
Purchase Foreign Support Equipment
A surprising hotbed of armament manufacturing and design, the Danish Madsen Machine Gun has proven itself an undeniably reliable, effective and wonderful support light machine gun for not just our soldiers, but that of armies in the here and now. The world's first true light machine gun produced in quantity, the military command staff has taken a particular liking to the Dane's support weaponry.
Purchase Foreign Artillery
A curious choice amongst our other potential military armament benefactors, the Swiss military industrial complex has nonetheless remained an admirable, if modest, national industry. With their neutrality ever present however, their equipment usually ends up for sale on the international weapons market. All too familiar with the fact that artillery is king in Chinese warfare, the Army would be all too delighted to receive modern guns, in significant quantity for once.
Hire Russian Civil War Veterans
With our relationship with Germany tenuous at best, and other imperialists distant due to our lack of legitimacy, many believe that our grand ambitions for a reconquest are bereft of assistance in military development. Yet there remains one Western, modern nation that has yet to openly oppose us as of recent. Russia.\n\nGranted, many despise the Russian Bear due to their previous colonial expansionist policies, such as the seizure of Outer Manchuria, or the further invasion of Dongbei in the wake of the Boxer Rebellion. Nonetheless, their disparaged, ambitious and older officers prove themselves incredibly fitting to substitute what the German advisors could provide. Clearly skilled in nearly all facets required of them.
United Anti-Japanese Front
The Rising Sun is upon us! And if China is to survive, it must all come together, no matter what creed, to defend the nation's millennia-old civilisation. With established ties with various leading leftist figures throughout the country, the government could further solicit an alliance with some of the nation's greatest military tacticians and strategists, even if it may cast a downpour on China's bourgeois democracy...
Reconstruct Naval Pride
The Chinese fleet used to be one of the great major fleets of the whole world, ranking seventh in tonnage. Alas, having been sunk into the bottom of the ocean following the Sino-Japanese War, Chinese naval projections have never recovered; eternally cornered by the Rising Sun. With additional leeway following unification of the nation, the remaining naval cliques have pressured the government to finally begin China's grand naval rearmament programme, for the Middle Kingdom is awakening, and it must be able to protect its own waters.
Creating the Chinese Airforce
China's disparate regional airforce programs have overseen muddled or otherwise confused batches of progress over the years. With the most impressive results emerging from the Southwest in Kunming, and the Northeast within Shenyang, other local programs have not been as lucky. Liu Xiang's own native programme within Sichuan for example, used rocks akin to explosive bombs. If China is to be a true great power, it must be able to assert itself within the Third Avenue of Warfare, and thus, can spare no expense in rapidly developing its own air fleet.
Bear the Banner of Federalist Hopes
Despite our assistance, and despite any reasonable resistance to Federalism's enemies, the steward of the Chinese Provincial Autonomy project has fallen to enemy forces who would sooner bring their hammer to bear upon those that aspire for democracy and freedom than yield an inch. With the provincial government's back against the wall, it is time for [SZC.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to become China's last haven for Provincial Autonomy.
Already seeking famine relief elsewhere
Either §Y$SZC_Service_For_Food$§! or §Y$SZC_Labour_Relief$§! is active
§LThe Qing have been vanquished!§!
§LThe Beiyang Republic has held a Presidential Election§!
§RWe are purging the administration.§!
[ROOT.GetName] Focus Tree
Chengdu-Chongqing Railway
Most of Sichuan still relies on the same dirt trails that have been in use since the early Imperial era. We can't have a modern economy without modern infrastructure. By connecting our most vital cities with a modern railway line we'll create the foundation for Sichuan's new industries.
New Commercial Zones
The state alone cannot bring prosperity to its people. By designating certain parts of Sichuan as special commercial zones with attractive prices, we'll be able to attract investments from other parts of China as well as abroad.
The Yangtze Lifeline
Being a landlocked country, we conduct most of our trade along the Yangtze River and rely on merchant vessels to reach the rest of China and beyond. By partnering with a reliable manufacturer, we can make sure that we have enough ships to expand our trade along the river.
Restart the Agricultural Sector
Our agriculture was hit hardest in the civil war and the subsequent drought which has left it a shadow of its former self. A major programme of repairs to the Dujiangyan systems and farm reconstruction is needed if we're going to recover. It'll be the first step on the road to turning the Sichuan basin into the bread basket of China.
Rural Construction College
The heavy focus on our industrial heartland has left the rural regions behind with many countryside communities looking like they did in the dynasties of old. With so much untapped potential, it'd be a waste not to bring in the wonders of modern engineering to improve the lives - and productivity - of our farmers.
Rice and Wheat Improvement Station
Outdated farming techniques causes us a significant amount of wasted output across our agricultural sector. Modernising how we process our crops will greatly improve both the yields and the quality of what our farms produce annually, which should go a long way in preventing any future shortages.
Expand the Dujiangyan Irrigation System
Repairing Dujiangyan sufficed at first, but with our increased output and wealth it's high time we modernised and expanded it. With the skill and knowledge provided by the Rural Construction College, we'll turn these ancient channels once again into the crown jewel of agriculture along the Yangtze!
Industrial Fabric
Industrialisation has seen massive improvements both for the quality and quantity of the textile industry, yet the fruits of these developments have yet to see widespread adoption in our factories and workshops. It's high time that we started to adopt industrial silk production techniques on a large scale, and enable additional fabric for the military.
Tianfu Mining Bureau
By investing into expanding our current mining sector, we'll be able to reach more of Sichuan's riches. This will be vital not only for strengthening our economy, but will help us remain independent of foreign imports as well.
Zigong Saltworks
Salt has been an important cornerstone of Sichuanese economy since ancient times. While no longer the backbone it used to be in our industrialised economy, by expanding and modernising our salt mines we'll make sure it remains a profitable venture for us in the future as well.
Extract Natural Gas
Sichuan sits upon the largest natural gas reserve in China, but a lot of it remains untapped. We ought to invest in this sector so that these riches don't go to waste.
Extract Natural Gas in [FROM.GetName]
[FROM.GetName] sits upon the largest natural gas reserve in China, but a lot of it remains untapped. We ought to invest in this sector so that these riches don't go to waste.
Jialing Coal Fields
Our industry is predominantly fuelled by coal. It keeps the lights on in our factories and it keeps our people warm. We must make sure that our coal production can keep pace with our demand for energy.
Industrial Planning Committee
Before we launch any major industrialisation programmes we need to set up a committee to assess our available resources after the civil war and plan the best approach for our future expansions. While it'll considerably expand the bureaucratic apparatus, the increased efficiency will pay dividends in the end.
Import Foreign Machinery
With both our industrial hubs of Chongqing and Chengdu badly battered by the war, we'll need to import equipment from abroad in order to get our industry back on its feet again. The planning committee has already laid out a budget for this and they only await our approval.
Modern Construction Technology
The Industrial Planning Committee has reached the conclusion that there's no way around the fact that our construction methods, tools and even basic know-how are all outdated. By bringing in more equipment and advisors to Sichuan, we'll be able to refine our construction methods.
Study Production Innovations
It's one thing to have access to advanced machinery, but if we are to be able to match the production methods of the Europeans and Japanese with our own, we need to study their respective approaches and apply what we learn to our own manufacturing techniques. As always, the IPC has budgeted for the associated costs.
Urban Modernisation and Sanitation
With our industry's rapid growth and the early successes of our urbanisation programme, the next step is to bring the great cities of Sichuan into the twentieth century by modernising their infrastructure to modern standards. It'll greatly improve living standards for the inhabitants and allow us to expand them further.
Western China Academy of Sciences
An important part of our modernisation plan is to make Sichuan a landmark for higher education in China. By establishing the Western China Academy of Sciences, we'll be able to better educate our citizens and attract some of the brightest minds in China to our country.
Increase Steel Production
Many of Sichuan's steel mills and ore mines use techniques and tools from the last century and sometimes these methods even more backwards and outdated to the point where they endanger our labourers. Bringing these methods into the current century will turn Chongqing into the beating heart of Chinese steel production.
Rebuild the Chengdu Machine Bureau
Underutilised before the war and damaged during it, the Chengdu Machine Bureau has great potential thanks to previous investments into its infrastructure. We'll rebuild it and make it a cornerstone of Chengdu's industrialisation process.
Huaxi Machinery Factory
With the rapid industrialisation efforts that we have planned, the ways of old are ceding ground as we utilise more and more machine tools and vehicles. In order to keep up with demand, our planners have proposed establishing industries in the Huaxi district, turning it into a model for industrialisation.
Textile Production
Chinese textiles are known far and wide for their quality and unique style. Sichuan has always had a large role in this trade and with both the increased demand for these goods and the relative safety of the basin these days, it'd be a good investment to deepen our role in this trade.
Xikang Hydropower
For the time being, most of Sichuan's energy needs comes from the use of coal power and natural gas. Our engineers tell us, however, that there's vast amounts of untapped energy in the mountainous west, offering numerous opportunities for the construction of hydro electric dams. This should allow our energy needs to keep pace with our growing industrialisation.
Electrification Efforts
Leave the confines of Chengdu and Chongqing and much of Sichuan is lit by candles and oil at night. With our energy generation efforts bearing fruits, however, we can finally bring electricity out to the countryside. Electricity will keep the countryside bright at night, our people warm in the winter and make our factories even more productive.
Build the Electro-Steel Mill
A big part of the plan to industrialise Sichuan was to construct an Electro-Steel Mill in Chongqing. But due to the many conflicts of the past, the mill was destroyed. Now that we have the power and industrial capabilities to do so, we can materialise this powerhouse of a mill again!
Modernised Manufacturing
Our efforts that began with the reconstruction after the civil war have blossomed and helped turn Sichuan's basin into a small, if growing, industrial heartland. We can soon boast having some of the best industrial partners in all of China and reap even more rewards from our toil and hard work.
The Arsenal Programme
Chongqing has long boasted some capable military industry, with the Chongqing Arsenal being the biggest among them. The Industrial Planning Committee has proposed an expansion of the arsenal using the techniques and equipment they've acquired, allowing us to maintain our military production edge in the region.
Expand Production: Artillery
Sichuan is home to some of the most effective small arms production in China, but there's still room for improvement when it comes to heavier ordnance. Just like the Chongqing arsenal is known across China for its effective rifles, the Heijang Artillery Arsenal will bring modern artillery production methods to Sichuan.
Expand Production: Tanks
Tanks have proven their worth in the Weltkrieg and subsequent conflicts thanks to their ability to break through enemy defences. With our growing industrial base, we're finally in a position to start small-scale production of tanks that will help us dominate the Asian battlefields.
Expand Production: Aircraft
Often neglected by Chinese military planners, aircraft are becoming an indispensable part of any modern military. Because of Sichuan's mountainous geography, catching up here could be vital for future conflicts where planes will provide eyes in the sky for our troops and artillery and rain death from above upon our enemies.
Rebuild the Sichuanese Army
The current state of Sichuan's army leaves a lot to be desired. It's an outdated and splintered body lacking in cohesion. Our first step will be to bring the army together from its fractured background so that our soldiers can fight more effectively for their homeland.
Rebuild the Officer Corps
Fractured between many different factions, it's an unfortunate fact that our army's leadership is splintered and lacks a unified sense of strategy. By establishing our own Sichuanese military academy we can start instilling a proper understanding of modern warfare into our commanders.
New Infantry Weapons
Even by the standards of the rest of China, our army lags behind in many areas. It's time we started to combat this by taking steps to modernise our infantry divisions and give our soldiers the equipment they need to defend Sichuan.
Import Modern Artillery
As it stands, many of our artillery detachment use the same guns that they fielded in the conflicts of the past decades. This won't stand. Importing foreign artillery pieces and know-how would help us a great deal in mitigating this issue.
Recon Unit Training
Most of Sichuan's terrain is harsh with high mountains and mighty rivers covering most of our lands. Knowledge of the terrain can mean the difference between life and death. Let's make sure we're on the favourable side in that equation.
Mountain Warfare
What our army may lack in modern equipment can easily be made up for by using terrain to our advantage. With most of Sichuan and her neighbours being covered in rugged mountains, a company trained to fight among them can often be worth more than a division of regular soldiers.
Adopt the Southern Doctrine
We should not blindly modernise for the sake of modernisation. Our resources make it more prudent to adopt the Southern Doctrine instead and focus on what the Europeans call unconventional tactics but fit the Chinese hand like a glove. Whether it's large-front assaults or guerrilla warfare, we'll master at it.
War Logistics
Fielding a larger army means that we have a bigger supply chain to maintain. By creating a specialised department of logistics and assigning some of our more qualified officers to oversee it, we'll ensure that our troops stay supplied while minimising corruption and waste along the way.
Asymmetric Warfare
At the present it's unrealistic for us to try and match countries like Japan in terms of massed tanks, air power and artillery. Instead we should negate their advantages using our own cunning and encouraging our officers to rely of tactics that let their agile forces choose the terms of the battle, not the rigidly structured foe they face.
Heavy Fire Tactics
By training our officers and soldiers to detect weak points in the enemy's lines and quickly exploit them with overwhelming force, we can achieve breakthroughs more easily.
Increase Munitions Production
Our production of munitions need to keep pace with our increased use of heavy guns in the field. By investing into further optimising our production lines for shells and other munitions we will be able to keep up the pace and allow our front line officers to relentlessly bombard our enemies without any fears of shortages.
Continue the Northern Doctrine
What we lack in modern equipment we shall make up for by being adaptable, quick and resourceful. With speed and perseverance we will outmanoeuvre our enemies, be it through our officers cunning and initiative or our troops peerless ability to march and fight across great distances.
Focus on Speed
We'll train our troops in path-finding and invest in equipment like improved boots and tyres to fine-tune our army's performance. By doing this, we're sure to dictate the terms of battle and where it's fought!
Improved Army Training
An army of untrained soldiers is hardly more effective than a mob of bandits. Although our efforts to improve the training of both our soldiers and officers have been substantial, there's still room for more refinement. We don't just want a good army - we should aim to have the most professional one in all of China.
Anti-Tank Preparations
Tall mountains, deep valleys and wide rivers. Nearly every inch of our land is a potential death trap for enemy tank crews and we'll make sure that our soldiers make the most of this fact.
Study Tank Designs
The tank has proven to be a key component in the modern battlefield. We cannot afford to lag behind in this development and must study the tank designs of Germany, France and Japan to develop our own armoured companies.
Irregular Tactics
The mountains, forests and cities have long been the only reliable allies for our armed forces. Our expertise in using asymmetrical warfare has served us well in the past and it will keep doing so in the future as well.
Decentralised Chain of Command
It's essential that our soldiers and officers act on their own initiative. While our enemy lays idle while waiting for instructions from the head of the army, our brave men will use their own heads instead!
Night Warfare
The darkness of night may blind conventional armies, but we've learned how to use it as an asset. Even an open field can be turned into an ambush spot and provide cover from enemy detection and fire. We'd be fools not to make the most of it.
Army of Shadows
We'll defeat our foes not by sacrificing our soldiers in head-on assaults, but with a thousand cuts from the shadows. Behind their lines, in their cities and even from within their ranks - there nowhere will our enemies find safety. Deception and cunning will win the day, not the foolhardy sacrifices of soldiers so many careless warlords commit.
Professional Legacy
Most of our commanders trace our military roots back to the esteemed Baoding Army Academy and many more are influenced by its teachings. We must build upon this legacy and turn Sichuan's army into a professional and disciplined military force worthy of respect.
Military Education Corps
Far too often military teachings put emphasis on the officers, with little regard for the education of the soldiers. With the right education, not only will our soldiers know how to drill and march, but they'll also have a keen eye for doctrine and its applications on a tactical level as well.
Well-Trained Officers
Many of China's modern heroes learned how to fight in the Baoding Army Academy. Carrying this legacy forward, we must make sure to do our utmost to ensure that as many of China's future heroes are trained in our academies. In producing excellent officers, even the Europeans will have to learn to respect us.
Army of Professionals
Much of China's suffering has come from warlords and corrupt officials pretending that an unruly mob can act as an army - let alone take a city without behaving like bandits in the process. We shall instead create an army of well-trained soldiers and officers, one that will fight for China with discipline and honour in equal measure.
Doctrinal Innovation
An army is only as good as its doctrine. If we don't adapt to the modern battlefield and its conditions, we'll be left in the dustbin of history. It's high time that we refine our tactics and strategies.
Equipment Standardisation
During the days of the warlords, any logistics officer would often have the unenviable burden of every local war band, governor militia and splinter force having their own rifles, ammunition and uniforms. More steps need to be taken to streamline our equipment, from the smallest manufacturing floors, all the way into the battlefield.
Engineer Units
Our home of Sichuan is a harsh landscape to fight in with its tall mountains and wide rivers. As such, specialised detachments of engineers ought to be used as much as possible to allow our forces to build the best defences and surmount the mightiest of fortifications.
Improved Army Drills
It is true that while our soldiers are disciplined and brave, our training methods sometimes leave something to be desired as our training methods haven't always kept pace with other developments. We need to refine our methods and make sure our soldiers perform to the utmost of their ability.
Creative Solutions
Sichuan and indeed most surrounding provinces are inhospitable for any army and difficult to traverse. A clever and cost-effective solution to the restrictions on mobility could be the widespread implementation of bicycle infantry, proven by the previous war in Europe to be effective even in some of the most demanding war zones.
Chengdu Holds On
Neither treacherous deceit nor backstabbing opportunism could stand up to the strength and courage of the Accelerated Department. Yang Sen holds on to power despite the odds and now the Accelerated Department will deal with these rebels once and for all.
Evict the Officer Department
Yunnan's Federalist and KMT lapdogs have been a thorn in our side for far too long, having waged a guerrilla campaign against us since the 1920s. With the civil war won and our enemies on the run, it's time we chase them out of Sichuan once and for all.
Restore Order in Chongqing
Chongqing is the industrial heartland of Sichuan. Even though Liu Xiang is gone, the city itself was badly scarred in the civil war and remains in a state of turmoil. We need to use the army re-establish government control over the city and bring stability to its inhabitants.
Bring Peace to Sichuan
With the other factions gone and order restored to most of the country, all that's left is to clear out the last holdouts and restore government control to the last few villages in the country affected by turmoil and banditry. It won't be long before the worst scars of the war are finally mended.
Yang Sen's Ambition
Yang Sen has ruled over Sichuan with a firm hand since the Qing restoration, but the internal strife never allowed him to fulfil his vision for Sichuan. With all enemies from both within and without dealt with, he can finally realise his ambition for a modern and prosperous Sichuan.
Centralise the Province
Chengdu may be the seat of the government, but the reach of our administration's reach doesn't reach all of Sichuan. By reforming our administration so that the local mayors answer to the governor in Chengdu rather than their own agenda, we'll make the Department's control over the province more effective.
Armed and Ready
Even though peace has been brought back to Sichuan, it's likely only a matter of time until we have to go to war again. Let's expand our arms production so that we're prepared for when that day arrives.
Modernising Sichuan
Sichuan is currently nowhere near its full potential thanks to the wastefulness, bickering and inaction caused by our rivals. We need to take the first bold steps towards bringing all of Sichuan into the modern era, starting with our cities.
A Break With Tradition
The ways of old shouldn't be venerated to a fault. It isn't just the cities and infrastructure that need to be brought into the modern era, but the way we think and act as well. This should be reflected in how our administrators and researchers work as well, of course.
Parks and Venues
The beauty of Sichuan's forests and basins are foreign to many of those living in our biggest cities. Given our goal of urbanisation, it's only fair to bring that beauty into the cities as well.
Popular Education Institute
No longer constrained by old ways and outdated methods, we need to establish modern research facilities so that we can reap the rewards of our hard work. Soon, Sichuan will be known far and wide as a centre of thought and research in Asia.
City Administration
The next step in our modernisation plan is an overhauling of the administrations in the major cities and their bureaucracies. They're currently outdated, decentralised and full of cracks. By creating a more effective administrative framework, we're certain to see a rise in productivity.
Road Construction
The roads that connect our cities often wouldn't look out of place in the Qin dynasty, assuming any exist at all. Step by step, we'll replace them with paved ways that we can quickly transport cargo, goods and soldiers across.
Farmers' Markets
Part of modernising the country is to bring the farmer's goods into the cities by giving economic incentives for the creation of more farmers' markets, centralising the commerce around the agricultural sector. It'll enrich both us and our farmers and make lives easier in the cities as well.
The Luzhou Woodworks
With its location along the Yangtze, Luzhou is an excellent location to establish a new industrial zone for lumber, both for our own use and to trade along the river.
A Man of the People
Yang Sen's rule has been firm, but fair. For over a decade he's guided Sichuan's people through hardship and into prosperity. Not just a common warlord like the others, he's truly a man of the people and a father figure to the modern Sichuanese province he's helped build.
Liu Cunhou's Tradition
Given their vastly conflicting visions for the future of Sichuan, Yang Sen and Liu Cunhou's partnership wasn't meant to last. Now with Liu Cunhou and the Armament Department in charge, Sichuan will finally know peace and order without and dangerous radicalism burdening us.
Build Up the Province
The wars and strife have scarred our province. Before any further steps are taken, we need to take actions to mend Sichuan with our strength and tools so that we'll once more have a foundation in place for a strong nation and people.
Rally the Warlords
Many strongmen across Sichuan hold control over militias and play an important role in the country. Rather than struggling for power, we should rally them to Liu Cunhou and create a united front within Sichuan with a degree of autonomy for them all in return.
The Daxian Mint
Up until now, the practice of local warlords and mayors making their own money has led to confusion at best and fraudulent waste at worst. We should turn this practice into a tightly controlled state monopoly instead.
'Heavenly Announcements'
With Sichuan firmly under our control, we need to build up our coffers before we do anything else. 'Heavenly announcements' will be declared by Cunhou and the people will need to pay them. Some may call it greedy, but would they really do so when our decrees are backed by our loyal army?
Confucian Dominance
It's an unfortunate fact that the role of faith has had a diminished role because of more pressing earthly matters. Now that we finally know peace again, we'll promote our religious traditions as the rallying point for our people, to give them hope in harsh times and bring stability to our nation.
Four Virtues Movement
We should actively encourage people to participate the State's neo-Confucian movements. By actively participating in these religious organisations, the people will get a better understanding of the cornerstones of Confucian thought. It'll help connect the people to their religion, and tie the state to this religion.
A Nationalist Haven
For us to endure in these troubled times we must become a stronghold of nationalism. While radicals such as the Kuomintang would seek to uproot the very essence of our nation we'll embrace it. A love for China being the shield that protects us from harm, and the sword that strikes down our enemies.
Confucian Schooling
If an education system is to exist in Sichuan, it should promote religious and traditionalist values first and foremost. Some of the money gained through the Heavenly Announcements should therefore go to fund the construction of more schools to combat the scourges of illiteracy and irreligiosity that still haunt Sichuan.
A Victory from Baoding
Once more, the professionalism and dedication of the Baoding Department has won the day. With their rule over the province secured, Sichuan can now forge its own destiny.
The Diarchy
Unlike other cliques guided by the lofty ambitions of one autocrat, the cooperation between two factions has kept them from being dominated by one internal clique. Though the balance of power may shift back and forth between them, this cooperation will continue as the diarchy's reforms start to shape Sichuan.
Repair the War's Damage
Much of Sichuan lies in ruins following the war. From the cities and out to the countryside, most of the east and south was consumed by the fighting. Restoring our infrastructure and cities ought to be a top priority for our new administration.
Distribute Grain
Although the war and drought hit our province hard, there's still surplus grain in a handful of depots held by the military. Since the fighting is over, we should have our soldiers help distribute it throughout the countryside.
Build Up Support
Not only did our department rise to power through conflict and the collapse two other cliques, but our ideas don't have a universal appeal with the public either. If we don't make an effort to win people's hearts, we may become the third Sichuanese regime to collapse.
Fight Corruption
Other cliques throughout China are rightfully despised for being corrupt and self-serving. We should prove that we're different by actively rooting out corruption and prove to the people that we have the best interests of the province in mind.
A Model Province
Representing a more traditionalist side of the diarchy, the lifelong career officer Deng Xihou seeks to turn Sichuan into a model for all of China through balanced social and economic reforms. Popular with the rural population and the military, his reforms will see the latter gain prominence, leading to a more disciplined army.
Moral Invigoration
Corruption, war, famine and countless other struggles have had their toll on our people. A good place to start the healing process and overcome these years of hardship is with a campaign to restore the virtues of morality into our people. With a strong spirit, the effort to rebuild Sichuan will be swifter.
Culture of Productivity
A strong work ethic can be more powerful than any tool. Our people should be encouraged to feel a strong sense of pride in their labour and joy in being able to contribute to their communities and their prosperity.
Combat Vice
The scourges of addiction, gambling and other immoralities harm our people and lead them to fruitless lives of criminality rather than ones of virtue and fulfilment. More efforts should be made to help combat vice and help those consumed by it to return to a normal, healthy living.
Civic Nationalism
Every citizen of Sichuan should feel a sense of pride in their province. Rather than encouraging envy and anger and we'll channel this pride towards further improving the lives of the Sichuanese.
Support Rural Reconstruction
During peacetime, the countryside has been neglected in favour of the great cities of Chengdu and Chongqing. During the war, it was hit hard by advancing armies. Our rural citizens deserve to finally be given the care they deserve.
Farmer Credit
As part of our programme to ease the burden on our rural regions, we'll issue state subsidies to help our struggling farmers recover in the wake of their recent hardships. Keeping the countryside prosperous and stable will pay dividends for all of Sichuan.
Model Farm Programme
With our agricultural sector restored, the time has come to build upon it. A model farm programme for the model province, one to make our farmers the most productive and prosperous in all of China. The programme will encompass funding towards modern irrigation and mechanised equipment and is sure to lead to a farming boom.
Rural Roads Plan
Beyond the few transit hubs connecting the major cities, a significant portion of our roads are the same trails that we've walked for generations. By linking up our smaller townships with proper roads we'll ease the lives of our rural population and provide a boost to their local economies.
Build Hospitals
The state of our health services leave much to be desired due to historical neglect for generations. The people of Sichuan deserve better than this. We'll set aside more funds for the construction of major hospitals, local clinics, as well as the training of doctors.
People's Welfare
Helping out your fellow man down on his luck is not a matter of left or right, nor a question of reformism or traditionalism. The state of Sichuan will help its poor like institutions from states to monasteries have for millennia in China. It's nothing less than our diligent and moral people deserve.
The University of Chengdu
Plans have long existed for the construction of a university in Chengdu that will be up to international standards. The time has come to finally realise this vision and turn Chengdu into one of Asia's great centres of learning.
A Modern Province
Liu Wenhui represents the more reformist side of the diarchy. He seeks to fully modernise Sichuan with reforms that, while not outright revolutionary, break from some traditional norms and are popular in the cities and with the administrative classes. His reforms are sure to lead to a more well-oiled bureaucracy.
Reform the Civil Service
The civil service is outdated, a relic of the past era of bickering warlords. The first step towards bringing our administration up to date should be to reform our civil services and have a unified framework for them across the region.
National Government School
A lot of our public servants are untrained, a holdover from past administrations. We should standardise their training and the rules they operate under so that everyone in Sichuan knows that they can rely on their government representatives.
Industrial Modernisation
Much of Sichuan's industry, even the mighty factories in Chongqing, often resemble the ones of the last century more than this one. Efforts should be made to update them to the standards seen in more developed parts of Asia.
Institute of Technical Research
Our industries often rely of a kind of brute force. Numbers, volume, magnitude. Very little effort has been made, however, to empathise technique and refinement of methods. By better training our workers and technicians, we'll be able to maximise the efficiency of what we already have.
Light Industrial Development
Sichuan's industrial economy has mostly relied on massive factory complexes. Broadening our focus to encompass smaller industries with a focus on more nimble, precise engineering and production will diversify our economy and bring our industrial boom to the countryside.
Shenghang Hydropower Plant
There's still a lot of untapped energy potential in hydroelectric power and Sichuan's terrain is perfect from it. If the construction plans for a hydroelectric plant in Shenghang are realised, we'll be able to fulfil much of our country's energy needs and expand our economy.
Attract Foreign Intellectuals
A wise man knows that he has a lot to learn and a good government will not be afraid to use the best talents from abroad to improve the lot of their people. By attracting some of the brightest minds from Asia, America and Europe to Sichuan, we'll be able to drastically improve our educational and research efforts.
Buddhist Influence
Wenhui may be a reformer, but a lot of his visions have a foundation in Buddhist thought. By bringing this to the forefront and gaining the assistance from Buddhist institutions in Sichuan, we'll be able to win more support for our ideas among Sichuan's more traditionalist elements.
Break the Gender Roles
With the advancements in technology, there's no reason for women to be forced out of traditionally male roles. Advancements in military technology even let them take the fight to the enemy, be it with a rifle in their hands or in the cockpit of a plane.
Protect the Tibetans
Though we may not always see eye to eye with the government of Tibet, we should do our best do make sure that the Tibetans living within our borders are treated fairly both by the state and its citizens.
Chongqing Victory
The dice were cast and Liu Xiang's gamble paid off. The Zhili may have denied him the governorship in the past, but now he holds all of Sichuan in his iron fist. A man of great ambitions, he's unlikely to stop here.
Consolidate the Province
The war has been won and the petty warlords vanquished, but we can't rest on our laurels. There is plenty of work to be done and we must take steps to secure or victory and expand our base of power beyond Chongqing, by force if others make it necessary.
Family Matters
One of the most prominent figures of the defeated Baoding Department in Sichuan is Liu Wenhui, the warlord of Xikang and also Liu Xiang's uncle. It's an unfortunate state of affairs, but one which will have to be addressed one way or another. Liu Xiang hopes he'll come to his senses, but is nonetheless prepared for the worst should he be stubborn in his opposition.
Align the Minor Warlords
Even though our rivals are dead or exiled, several lesser warlords remain with their own militias, posing a threat to our power. Some of them can be brought on board by integrating them into our armies and police forces and the rest can surely be pacified once their numbers become irrelevant.
Entice the Urban Merchants
Order cannot be maintained at gunpoint alone. If we are to succeed, we need to win over the region's wealthy bourgeoisie, small as it may be, to our cause. With the right mix of carrots and the occasional stick, we're sure that they'll see the benefits of siding with us.
[SZC_NPA_form_loc] the National Protection Alliance
It's finally time for the independent governors of China to assert themselves against the Beijing regime. [SZC.GetLeader] will therefore try to create an alliance between us and our like-minded partners in the region against the Zhili. Once they're finally dealt with, the rest should surely fall in line behind our leadership.
Form
Join
A Grandiose Plan
Ever since Liu Xiang was denied the governorship of Sichuan, the Zhili and their lapdogs have done nothing but hold us back. We can only tolerate this for so long. It's high time that [SZC.GetLeader] marched his army into Beijing and shattered them, once and for all - uniting all of China under his rule if he has to.
The Lord of Sichuan
With [SZC.GetLeader]'s undisputed rule over Sichuan now a fact, the age of bickering warlords is finally over. Now that all the pieces are on place and any potential threat to the Accelerated Department has been either destroyed or pacified, we can finally forge ahead and decide Sichuan's fate for ourselves.
Famine Relief Corps
The people - or our soldiers, for that matter - cannot feed themselves from bark, grass and clay. Since the recent civil war created countless prisoners of war from the traitorous factions, we'll offer them the prospect of amnesty in exchange for tilling the fallow fields and preparing the distribution of food. Under close watch of our soldiers, of course.
Accelerated Modernisation
The old regime evidently didn't bother to catch up with the rest of the China. Instead, it clearly neglected its duty to its people and now we're the backwater of China. Our people will need to work hard to make up for the past decade's neglect and we'll make sure it bears fruit.
Fund the Construction Industry
Yang Sen was content to simply lord over fields of opium that wouldn't look out of place in the worst periods of the 19th century. If we are to bring Sichuan into the new era, however, the state will need to invest big in order to make it happen. Spare no expenses today, so that the next generation will be prosperous!
The Riches of Xikang
The wealth of Xikang lays mostly untapped beneath the mountains. We'll need a modern steel industry so that our mighty military can march into battle with the rifles, cannons, vehicles and ships that they need.
Expand Arms Production
The original ambitions of Liu Xiang always accounted for the inevitability of war. The Accelerated Department rose to prominence through conflict, and we're unlikely to bring peace to China without more bloodshed. Whether it's defensive or offensive, we need to arm ourselves for fend off our future foes as well.
Mass Education Campaigns
It wasn't just the cities that were neglected by the old Qing overlords and their stooges, but the minds of Sichuan's people as well. Illiteracy runs rampant and most people are clueless as to their rich history and duty to the state. Our literate officers shall act as teachers and the masses will learn by the millions.
Currency Reform
Before we defeated our rivals, every local province's warlord had their own worthless currency. That is, if they weren't even relegated to an ancient barter economy. Now that we're in charge, it's time we stamp out these vestiges of the past and start to use one united currency for one united Sichuan.
Sichuan Central Bank
Up until recently much of Sichuan's economy has been splintered into various local financial ecosystems under local mayors and warlords. By finally creating a centralised banking system with its beating heart centred in Chongqing we will be able to break this trend and drive our economy in one unified direction.
Standardise Land Tax
The old tax system was a byzantine mess. Depending on which province you were in, it was either broken, inefficient or a governor's attempt to rob the people blind. We'll do away with this nonsense and implement our own centralised tax law, free from the grift and inefficiency of the past.
Urban Expansion
We cannot call ourself a modern nation unless we urbanise. We must encourage people to move in from the countryside and devote everything into expanding our cities. After we're done, Chongqing and Chengdu may well be the envy of Shanghai and Hong Kong!
The Mighty Navy
Our capital of Chongqing rests near the Yangtze River, leaving it rather vulnerable to naval attacks from downriver, but also making it into a perfect base for the future navy of Sichuan. Eventually, a mighty armada of ships shall patrol the rivers, protecting our trade and people from banditry and showing our might to the rest of China.
The Mighty Air Force
Why should we scale the mountains of Sichuan to meet every threat when planes can simply attack them from the air? We'll start by importing foreign technology to use as a base. Once we're done, our air force will be the greatest in all of China, able to protect our skies and strike any foe!
Army Drills
For far too long, the warlords of Sichuan were content with their forces resembling bandits more than actual soldiers. To mark a clear break from this past, the Chongqing high command is preparing for a programme of province-wide army drilling and retraining. With enough effort, we'll have soldiers that are the most disciplined in all of China!
Adopt Radio Communications
Modern wars are increasingly fought with the help of radio, radar and computing machines. It's therefore crucial for our modernisation programme that we procure and develop new advances in these fields and that our forces, down to every company, receive training in their use.
Dedicated Logistics Units
Even after our army becomes the mightiest in China - at least on paper - it'll be helpless in the field without a steady stream of supplies to keep it marching forward. By utilising Chongqing's industry, we'll set up specialised supply trains that will be the envy of all Chinese military planners!
Large Front Operations
The key to winning battles is to properly utilise the vast manpower of Sichuan to wear down and overwhelm our foes. While a common warlord would simply use them as a bludgeon, we'll develop sophisticated methods for using large infantry charges as our spearheads, including the management and rapid deployment of reserves.
Reverse-Engineer Modern Weapons
It'd be a waste to simply distribute the foreign equipment we have acquired to the troops. To make the most of it, we'll dispatch our brightest military engineers to reverse-engineer them so that we can produce our own, superior variants.
Heavy Firepower Tactics
It's clear that we need to double our efforts to produce qualified artillery officers, since many of them still use their batteries in the most rudimentary ways. When we're done reforming our training methods, our artillery will shake the earth itself with mighty barrages ahead of every offensive we launch!
Armament Production Innovations
We cannot call our army truly modernised unless we develop our own modern arms. We'll pour more funds into our military R&D department so that they have the means to produce new weapons, made from the ground up by Chinese hands.
Accelerated Army Development
All our efforts to modernise have borne fruit. Our now mighty army has perfected the fusion of both military and industrial might to overwhelm any foe. Thanks to our industries, we can amass more guns, bullets, bombs and shells to use against our foes than anyone else in China. Let them tremble before the might of the Accelerated Army!
Republican Triumph
Against all odds, the Officer Department has secured control over the provincial government. The two leaders, Xiong Kewu and Lü Chao, are preparing to consolidate their position and make Sichuan a bastion of republicanism and democracy.
Preparing Sichuan for Federalism
Although Xiong stands above all other warlords following the fall of Yang Sen, it would be a mistake to consider his control over Chuan to be absolute. Indeed, the minor warlords of Sichuan have often looked enviously towards the leader of the ensemble, and Xiong Kewu must ensure that his current time in the sun will not be ended prematurely, as it has before.
Establish Fundamental Laws
Sichuan finds itself in a particular dire situation, even relative to its bordering provinces. Decades of civil war within the province and invasions from its neighbours have left much of the province destitute and lawless, and the Xiong administration shall see such chaos cured with order brought about by a far-reaching series of legal reforms and regulations.
Observe the New Guard
In order to break Sichuan's cycle of warlord infighting, the old warlords must be rooted out, reform after reform. The New Sichuan requires officers who understand loyalty to the Xiong administration to be their patriotic duty, and they shall come to fill the ranks of the government over time, while old parasites find themselves retired from the halls of power.
Our Promise to the Province
While Xiong Kewu stands triumphant as Sichuan's governor, the people shall know his solemn promise to the province. Xiong's government seeks to ensure local government from the village will not be trampled upon by opportunistic militarists, the people will work together for a common good, and all classes shall see a new horizon in time.
Solicit Cross-Regional Cooperation
While the Federalist Movement has largely been a southern movement that protests Beijing's centralising tendencies, it must be known that it is not the destruction of the Beiyang Republic which we seek. No, it is our goal to redeem the Republic to be the pillar of hope it was always meant to be, freeing both North and South.
Construct New Arsenals
In this time of great chaos, it is not the pen which brings political power, but the barrel of a gun. While Fengtian wields the Shenyang Arsenal, Beijing can count on the Hanyang Arsenal on its side. If Sichuan is to earn the respect of the major warlords, Xiong must see Sichuan develop an Arsenal of its own.
Inter-Allied Command
Although the minor warlords respect Xiong's right to rule, they guard their own meagre forces zealously. If Sichuan is to become a respectable player in Chinese politics, all the officers of this province must stand together in a unified command structure. Let Sichuan's disunity be turned into a strength!
Legacy of the Nation Building Allied Army
Perhaps the greatest Sichuanese army was the Nation-Building Allied Army, a mighty force led by Xiong in 1925. The province may yet find such heights of success once again, through Xiong's restoration of the Mobile Officer Training School. Once again shall this institution train Sichuan's finest officers, ones who may see the nation unified.
Rule of the Officers
In perhaps the greatest twist of all, the Officers under Li Jiayu and Luo Zezhuo have established themselves as the leaders of Sichuan Province. Obscure underdogs for their entire careers, Li and Luo have established a working relationship with Lü Chao's Industrial Corps, and together these three shall bring Sichuan into a new age.
Overlook Our Excesses
Even amidst our triumph, we must concede the fact that our forces are still relatively inexperienced compared to other provincial forces. One aspect that contributed to our victory was the presence of generals with experience gained from proper academy training or fighting with other armies. As such, it is appropriate that we give these veteran commanders some leeway, overlooking their less relevant attributes, whether they be addicts, unreasonable disciplinarians or both.
Court the Young Soldiers Federation
A minor faction within the Officer Corps coalition, the Young Soldiers Federation is a leftist and populist organisation calling for stronger benefits for soldiers. While the finer details of the movement escape Li, he recognises the benefits in endorsing such a platform for the Officers to promote in Sichuanese governance.
No Demilitarisation Without Militarisation
It is well known to all those under Heaven that Sichuan has toiled under the misfortunes of warlord infighting for decades. While demilitarisation is a dream sought by many, the Officers cannot enforce true demilitarisation while other warlords brandish their swords towards our government, for only the sword can bring peace.
The Source of Our Vigour
Caught between the various warlords who have subjugated them to ruthless exploitation, the peasantry found themselves greatly sympathetic to our meagre cause during the Zhili Decade. It was due to their support that the Officers were able to return to Sichuan in 1936, and the rural masses shall remain our lifeline!
Repaying the Country's Kindness
Even in this tumultuous time, the common people have not forgotten the common virtue which binds us all. As Confucius called upon the state to be the vehicle of the principles and kindness of the people, so shall Li Jiayu's Sichuan stand to be a pillar of virtue in a sea of unjust warlords.
For the National Cause
While Sichuan may have found peace after decades of agonising warfare, the ancestral homeland continues to be defiled by oppressive warmongers. Sichuan stands for the cause of a better Republic, and Li Jiayu lends his blade to the liberation of all China from the yoke of tyranny and imperialism.
Centralise Tax and Customs
In Sichuan's time of disunity, various warlord fiefdoms began to enact drastically divergent policies, which has resulted in a bureaucratic mess for the Officer administration. The administration has begun working towards slashing the various superfluous regional taxes, and establishing a singular province-wide taxation system.
Connect Rural Townships
While the Sichuan basin is a comfortable lowland region that operates as our heartland, the farflung regions of Chuan host treacherous mountains and titanic river systems. To establish authority across the entire province, these rural townships must be reconnected to the basin network.
Raise the Weary, Help the Weak
Truly, the Sichuanese Civil War has brought about untold suffering on the people. Many families find themselves torn apart, and many more live in destitution and unjust squalor. The [ROOT.GetLeader] administration has made the top priority to assist the ailing populace in recovering from this tragic conflict between fellow Sichuanese.
New Sichuan's 14 Points
The New Sichuan has emerged from its decades of strife with newfound wisdom. The new progressive administration has outlined various points on how it shall approach governance of wartorn Chuan, covering economic matters, military concerns, modernisation, foreign outlook, and relations to the other provinces. Sichuan turns a new leaf today!
Modernisation through Rail and Road
In the West, impressive railroads bring interconnectedness to all regions in a nation. If China is to catch up to the might of Europe, then it must first emulate Western infrastructure. Railroads shall become the new lifeblood of the Chinese nation, and the match to set the fire shall begin here in Sichuan!
Control Arms Manufacturing
While the province-wide truce has held on for this long, a disruption in the balance of power could break the delicate house of cards. If Sichuan is to remain at peace, the minor warlords must not be allowed to acquire more weapons into their arsenals, while the Officers must maintain their military supremacy.
Standardise Troop Numbers
In an effort to outcompete one another, the various Sichuan warlords raised their armies to massive sizes at exorbitant cost. The bloated Sichuanese army has only brought about trouble for the current administration, so the Governor has declared it necessary to greatly downsize the military. Such an effort shall hopefully also curb the powers of other Sichuan warlords.
Repeal The Warlord Taxes
With many minor warlords rejecting the leaders of Chengdu and Chongqing, they could only hope to finance their tiny administrations with massive taxes upon the local populace. Such excessiveness has resulted in a spike of poverty, and [ROOT.GetLeader] shall eliminate all such taxes now that the province recognises a single polity.
Unify Provincial Currency
The various warlords in an effort to establish regionalist autonomies attempted to develop their own currency system separate from the provincial government. This has left many regions more politically divided from [ROOT.GetLeader]'s administration than expected. These regional currencies shall be removed, and the whole province shall utilise a singular monetary system.
An End to the Arbitrary
Throughout the province, abuses are commonplace. Landlords exact extortionate rent on tenants, effectively taking all harvests from the producing classes. Such barbarities shall not be tolerated in the New Sichuan, and [ROOT.GetLeader] has seen fit to establish various rent caps across all of Sichuan.
Independence of Education Funding
The previous Sichuan administration had to rely greatly upon Beijing's financial support in order to maintain various educational institutions. In events where the Central Government found itself in great turmoil, Sichuan's schools would cease to function. The province must rely on local sponsors to maintain education in the province instead.
On the Issue of Trade
In order to resuscitate the ailing Sichuanese economy, interregional trade must be restored to previous heights. The province has found itself the breadbasket of the nation, and Shu's agricultural yield shall surely bolster the financial state of the province. With the famine subsiding and our rice and grain stores restored, Sichuan's exports shall resume in full.
Limit Military Meddling
While the New Sichuanese Administration was established in part due to force of arms, the Sichuan Provincial Government shall not be operated like some Guangxi stratocracy. Civilian and military authorities must be divided, and the military must be discouraged from being used as a cudgel to enforce laws.
Create the Sichuan Central Mint
In a modern economy, financial institutions and banks have a large role to play. If enterprising businessmen find themselves in need of a loan, the Sichuan Central Mint shall give them all the money needed. This bank will be the new centre of finance in Southern China, and shall be the model of the nation hereafter!
Putting the Nail in Banditry
With much of the province in utter poverty, many have resorted to banditry to get by. These wretches have proven to be a thorn in the side of Sichuan's future stability and must be culled immediately, now that the province finally finds itself in political stability. Let it be known that Shu gives this Guangxi tradition the respect it deserves, none.
Evaluating Government Finances
If the Sichuanese Government is to embark upon a campaign to unify the Chinese nation under the Federalist flag, Xiong must ensure that Chongqing's financial position can support such a lofty goal. All previous goals of the administration must become secondary towards the new goal of National Reconstruction. While this may lead Sichuan back upon a path of war, when the ancestors call upon all Yan Huang Zisun to liberate the realm, we answer.
Taking Stock of the Military
At present, Xiong Kewu's 9 Man Regiment stands as Sichuan's strongest military force. Many of the minor warlords present meagre armies that are capable only of suppressing rowdy peasants. In the spirit of the Nation-Building Allied Army, Xiong Kewu must construct a new Federalist military out of this motley assortment of warlord forces that can stand against the major warlords of China.
Government of National Reconstruction
As more and more democrats and rump federalist federalist armies stumble into Sichuan Province, Xiong has found it prudent to call a Federalist Convention in Chongqing to establish a New Federalist Government that shall represent the cause of Free China. This new National Reconstruction Government must be able to stand against both inside and outward pressures, or Xiong's dreams shall never be realised.
Beyond the Red River Basin
For much of the Republican Era, Sichuan has found itself beset by invasions by its neighbours for opportunistic and petty gain. Our neighbours attempted to prey upon our disunity and play brother against brother. Now, it is Sichuan that stands united and ready to save all of China. While our neighbours sought to tear us apart, the National Reconstruction Government seeks only to save our fellow Chinese.
Export Militarism Avenged
After the National Protection War, the Yunnan Clique attempted to establish dominance over Sichuan after assisting us in defeating the Beiyang Clique. Under their doctrine of export militarism, the Yunnanese warlords consistently intervened beyond its borders in order to secure critical resources. It is high time Kunming was punished for its internal-imperialism and the Dian people freed from oppression.
Warpath Towards Canton
During the Warlord Era, the primary struggle could be considered one between the Beijing and Guangzhou Governments. While the Beijing Government established dominance following the fall of the Kuomintang, the lofty ideals of the Guangzhou Government live still with us. If the National Reconstruction Government could seize Guangdong, such a victory would give our government much needed legitimacy.
Descending Upon the Central Plains
The ancestral heartland of all Chinese, Zhongyuan was the birthplace of Chinese civilisation. While the Xinhai Revolution began in Wuchang, the revolution was unable to sweep across the rest of the Central Plains due to Beiyang militarist suppression. The National Reconstruction Government will see the Federalist Movement stretch further north than ever before!
The Treasures of Huadong
Eastern China has long been the economic heart of the Chinese nation. Jiangsu and Zhejiang have always been centres of trade, but the development of Shanghai during the 1800s has seen it turn into the financial centre of the East. Liberating Eastern China would allow the National Reconstruction Government to secure Shanghai finances and ensure our future military campaigns will be properly funded.
Strike North of the Great Wall
North of Beijing lies perhaps our most dangerous foe, the Fengtian Clique. Hiding behind the Great Wall and aided by the Japanese imperialists, they wield China's most industrial region and seek to extinguish any light of freedom in China. In order to destroy the taint of the Beiyang warlords forever, the Northeastern Provinces must be secured by the National Reconstruction Government.
No Preparation Too Rigorous
In our campaign to reunify China, it is likely we will come to blows with our imperialist neighbour, the Empire of Japan. For decades, Tokyo has preyed upon our ailing country, hoping to extract as many resources in the name of so-called \
To Be Inspired, Not Conquered
As we find ourselves in a War of Resistance against the Japanese invaders, let us not fall to despair. Chinese civilisation spans five thousand years of rich history, and the upstarts in Tokyo foolishly deign themselves our superiors. Let us struggle for our nation's survival against this unjust foe, let all soldiers of the Chinese military shatter the Japanese Empire here and now!
Chinese Determination, Unshaken
As this war for survival unfolds, we enter into a new type of war. This total war shall require the full energies of the Chinese masses as we struggle as one against the Japanese war machine. While Japanese morale crumbles with every mounting struggle between the two powers of East Asia, the resolve of the Chinese people only grows stronger. Victory or death against the Empire of Japan!
Lessons of the Nanchong Charter
Drafted in 1921 following months of discussion between Zhang Lan and his fellow Federalist allies, most important of which being Xiong Kewu, the Nanchong Charter was the first local piece of legislation to set forward grassroots democracy in the Sichuan basin; with many other progressive reforms in tow. We would be wise to learn from its successes, and its failures.
The Seeds of Democracy
Only a short few years ago, the Federalist Movement was confined to the trappings of Sichuan Province. Today, our National Reconstruction Government flies the Five Colour Flag in Beijing, the capital of our nation. While much of the nation has fallen into our hands, the struggle has only begun. Military unification has only brought us to the front door of reform, and now democratisation efforts must begin to take shape here in the Imperial Capital.
Local Community Politics
Chinese democracy does not begin in the centres of power in Beijing. No, it begins from the grassroots, from the village level. The most basic level of organisation across the nation, these self-governing villages led by village elders shall be the blueprint for a new Chinese democracy. Under Zhang Lan's leadership, China will finally know a government of the people, by the people, and for the people.
Compromise with the Gentry
While the Gentry have gained something of a negative reputation across China, especially amongst the lower classes, they will have a crucial role to play in the new China. China's educated have often sprung from the gentry class, and the support of the landed establishment shall keep our finances satiated. If China is to be freed, it will require proper governance spearheaded by its smartest.
Curb Provincial Vices
The disease of Opium took root in our province during the Century of Humiliation. Bringing us to the knees, this drug has all but destroyed the spirit of the Chinese people. Although opportunistic warlords have relied upon the cultivation of Opium poppies to finance their militaries, our Government must break this filth in order to be regarded as a government that stands to undo historical injustices.
The Fruits of Education
Truly, no democracy can take shape in an illiterate nation. Much of our population cannot hope to vote without the ability to read and write their opinions. Thus, education shall become paramount in our development of Chinese democracy. As the people learn Chinese values and the functions of a democratic government, citizen participation shall continually increase until our Republic stands as tall as Western powers.
Freedom of Thought and Academics
Acting as the vanguard of progressive thought in China, universities and intellectuals have often voiced their vision for Chinese political reform only to be put down by reactionary militarists. In the New China, such expression of political thought shall be encouraged, as Chinese society becomes as innovative as the days of the Chinese Golden Age!
Expand Chongqing University
In the preceding years, Chongqing has become the beating heart of Free China. As more and more intellectuals find China an increasingly hostile environment and flee to the sanctuary of the National Reconstruction Government, the Chongqing University has found itself overstaffed. Chongqing University shall reflect the new size of its staff, and lead the way for free universities across China.
Exercise in Industrial Autonomy
While much of China has stamped upon the rights of businessmen and merchants, Zhang Lan and the National Reconstruction Government hope to try a different approach. Industrialists shall be given a level of autonomy from the Federal Government in order to foster friendly business relations, but they too must follow the red lines of the President Zhang Lan or see their privileges revoked.
Integration of Labour and Learning
Truly, the Federalist Movement represents the concern of the Working Class better than anyone else. While the Beiyang warlords would crush them with an iron fist and the Kuomintang would ensnare them in their so-called National Revolution, it is the National Reconstruction Government which seeks to give them legal protections as well as education. Often illiterate, schooling for the working class would assist them in understanding and defending their rights.
Revitalise Local Enterprise
The Chinese Civil War has seen many progressive reforms both in Sichuan and other provinces disrupted by armed conflict and chaos. The National Reconstruction Government, not content to reign over a nation of dust and ash, has seen to it that businesses and enterprises in war-torn regions and rural hinterland be supported, and hopefully begin to recover even while other provinces continue to engage in high level fighting.
The Professional Associations System
As proposed by Zhang Junmai of the Democratic Socialist Party, the National Reconstruction Government ought to represent Chinese people of all classes. Critical professions to national interests must be supported, and associations formed to organise them. Through these organisations, the Federal Government and these classes can collaborate for mutual benefit.
Abolish Tax Pre-Collection
Tax Pre-Collection is a policy that allows lenders to prematurely close accounts from borrowers who are unexpected to pay off their debt, and see their debt sold to a collection agency. A predatory policy that harms the working class of China, this abominable practice will be excised from China's shores, hopefully never to return.
A New Unified Currency
With political divides in China lasting decades, the various rival governments have begun to issue differing currency in their respective borders. With many of these governments militarily defeated by the Federal Military, it has left the President with the mess of sorting through these various currencies. With support from the National Assembly, President [ROOT.GetLeader] has offered the people of China to hand in their invalid currencies to exchange with our currency.
Rally the Intelligentsia
With various intellectuals finding themselves in Sichuan, frictions have emerged between the fractious groups. Zhang Junmai has continually attempted to assert himself as a leading force in the Federal Government, and a splintering of lines between the Grand Republican Alliance and China Democratic League has left many disgruntled. However, if our movement is to survive, we must continue to sustain the unity of the early government which brought us success.
Creating a Provisional Capital
With more and more of China's major cities falling to the military forces of the Federal Republic, it has become more pressing to establish a better Provisional Capital for our National Reconstruction Government. Chongqing, having served its purpose, is not necessarily the best place from which to govern the newly conquered provinces, and while Beijing is the traditional centre of government, some believe a change is needed.
Combatting the Root of Apathy
When the Republic of China was first established, a rush of idealism struck the nation. However, years of warlord fighting and foreign exploitation has left the spirit of the Chinese people woefully apathetic to political changes. If a democracy is to take root in the Middle Kingdom, economic and political reforms must be undertaken to jolt the Chinese people out of passivity.
Overtures to Student Radicals
With the allure of socialism has become more and more attractive to idealistic student groups, there has been a growing number of radical student groups operating from the major universities within the National Reconstruction Government. Protesting working conditions, these groups demand the government do more. Perhaps hoping to turn them into a pillar of support, President [ROOT.GetLeader] has offered some concessions to these groups and a United Front.
Agreements with the YCP
A titanic mass movement entrenched in Sichuan and the Central Plains, the Young China Party is a nationalist force spread across military and intellectual circles. Although the fall of the Zhili Clique has crippled their movement, they remain a viable force in mass party politics. Well acquainted with their leadership, President [ROOT.GetLeader] has invited them to the government.
Promoting Harmonious Bipartisanship
Although the election certainly saw tensions between the China Democratic League and Grand Republican Alliance flare, President Dan hopes to repair tensions between Xiong Kewu and Zhang Lan. While the China Democratic League is the main opposition party, both the GRA and CDL do hope for largely the same vision for China, and collaboration between the two parties will surely be in China's interest.
The Safeguard against Autocracy
While the military has traditionally been a force for warlordism, the Federal military stands unique across all Chinese armies. The Jianguojun, like the political leadership of the National Reconstruction Government, fights for the democratic cause, and can be trusted to intervene if the President ever slips into tyranny. The people of China can rest easy knowing that even if the government forgets its commitments to democracy, Liu Wenhui will not.
Building a Fair Cabinet
As our National Reconstruction Government incorporates more territories and parties, it is only fair that our administration evolves along with the nation. In order to maintain the unity that saw the Federal Government rise to become the main government of China, the President's cabinet shall include representation from the major parties participating in the government, as well as qualified technocrats from professional associations.
Parameters of the Legislature
In a functioning republic, the legislature must take primacy above the Presidential Executive. The Federal Parliament's powers and responsibilities shall be clearly outlined, and it shall be divided into two bodies, the House of Representatives and the Senate. Each house shall have a speaker and deputy speaker elected by its members, and terms shall be set by the Constitution. May this body govern the people well!
Reviving the Chinese Democratic Process
While China has never officially strayed from democracy after 1912, it was rendered largely out of the equation following the cancellation of elections in 1933. As our Government of National Reconstruction marches forward, President [ROOT.GetLeader] strives to revive these antiquated institutions which were so frequently abused, and improve upon the minuscule reforms made by the Beiyang warlords.
Increase Troop Funding
If the National Reconstruction Government hopes to lead unification of the Chinese nation, we must see to it that the army is sufficiently bolstered. While the Jianguojun still exhibits a concerning level of warlordism and factionalism, President Zhang and Premier Xiong have no choice but to embark on this course of action, or the Federal Movement will die in Sichuan.
Recruiting Sympathetic Officers
While Yang Sen, Liu Cunhou, and Liu Xiang were opportunistic warlords who fought for their own petty interests, a small number of their subordinates either rose up due to meritorious service or were sympathetic to our cause. These officers may help form a new loyalist bloc within the Jianguojun, and help root out particularly egregious warlords within our ranks.
Reach out to the Baoding Department
As the Baoding Department was not aligned with the Officers or 9 Man Regiment when Yang Sen and Liu Xiang fell from power, the triumvirate suffered a major setback in power from Xiong's elevation to the Governorship. Liu Wenhui for his part has already opted to support Xiong, but Deng Xihou and Tian Songyao have remained both out of government and out of power. Due to Liu's prodding, Xiong has reluctantly invited the other Baoding warlords to the table.
Renovate Arsenal Capacities
While minor arsenals have allowed Sichuanese warlords to remain a regional power in China, they are not sufficient for the National Reconstruction Government to launch a military campaign for total reunification. No, Sichuan's minor military arsenals must be improved upon substantially in order to feed the Federalist Jianguojun's war effort in the coming Chinese Civil War.
Root Out Incompetence and Ineptitude
As the Jianguojun's initial ranks encompass all warlord forces within the province, the quality of the Federalist military is unenviably inconsistent. While Xiong's personal forces rank as the army's elite, minor warlords that have operated more like bandits are barely equipped and untrained for real warfare. If the Jianguojun is to become a real force, Xiong must see to it that unskilled bandits and corrupt officers are removed and replaced with meritorious replacements.
An Era Illuminated by Sacrifice
In this time of chaos, heroes and villains have risen and fallen as circumstances change. The great Cai E fought to depose the autocrat Yuan Shikai's imperial regime, even as his own health faded away. Many more have followed in his example, truly heroes in the image of Liu Bei and Zhuge Liang. If the Federalist Democratic Revolution is to succeed, many more sacrifices will likely be made on the path to unification, and the Republic will honour them all when the dust settles.
Restoring Naval Projection
During the Ming Dynasty, China sported the greatest navy in the world. The Late Qing attempted to emulate Ming successes as well as modern innovations through the Beiyang Navy, but it met an ill-fated end when faced against the Imperial Japanese Navy. With our National Reconstruction Government ascendant, it falls upon us to restore Chinese pride on the seas, and once again dominate the waters of Asia.
Soaring in Free Skies
As the modern age of warfare progresses, it has become apparent that the airforce shall play an integral role. The Federal Government previously relied on pure infantry forces in order in its military unification campaigns, but as our government begins to fight more modern forces in Northern China and neighbouring powers, developing a modern airforce has become paramount to the Federalist war effort.
The Last Bastion of Federalism
While Sichuan was still in the midst of civil war, the provinces of Zhejiang and Hunan had already promulgated their own provincial constitutions. However, in a cruel twist of irony, it seems that Sichuan has emerged from its civil war only to find all other Federalist provinces in the thrall of tyrants. Now Xiong Kewu stands as the final leading federalist, and he will not squander his moment on the national stage.
The Vibrant Bipartisan Democracy
While Zhang Lan was the face of our National Reconstruction Government during the Chinese Civil War, it was Xiong Kewu and Dan Maoxin who led the Jianguojun to ultimate victory. Recognised as the swords of liberty, the Chinese people have resoundingly backed Dan Maoxin and Xiong Kewu to be the new leaders of our Federal Republic. While the CDL has emerged as our political rivals, we welcome this as a sign of a burgeoning bipartisan republic.
A Forum for the Level-headed
Chinese Governance has long seen itself abused by personalism, idealogues, and demagoguery; those tokens of the irrational and intolerable. But a healthy democracy must let itself be lead by debate and discussion; words and law over rifle and shell. To this end, the government must enforce fair compliance in the organs of the Republic, so as to enable true Republicanism to flourish.
Enshrine Provincial Constitutions
The Local Self-Governance project sought to rectify China's national problems of inefficiency, and inability to rule its large domain. By taking the merits of the system of the United States, or of Germany, it would see itself free of the litany of problems of despotism at its political centre. Accommodating for the role of the Central Government, let us enshrine the province as the building block of the new China.
Encourage Local Initiative
Any form of centrally planned economic management is sure to wound up in disaster; and beyond the grand aspirations for socialism, or utopia, the nation itself still remains largely feudal in various areas. To enable further economic development in this time of great healing, the government shall provide for local entrepreneurial endeavours. For salvation of the nation may only emerge through industrialisation.
Participation Across Class
Radicals within the opposition would see it so that China tears itself apart in some sort of mythical class struggle, bound to rebuild itself upon a National Revolution, or through insidious reformist socialism. They would fail to see that China's greatest strength is that of common brotherhood, in working towards a grand harmonious arrangement; between gentry and peasant, worker and official, civilian and soldier.
National Demobilisation
The Warlord Era's profane enabling of local military commanders to both amass significant wealth and a disparate band of soldiers has contributed greatly to the nation's inability to reject foreign imperialism, or otherwise recover since the Xinhai Revolution. Whilst Wu Peifu attempted National Demobilisation and failed, the new Republic carries with it a vigour that is utterly unrelenting in the persecution of warlordism.
Cooperate With Regional Notables
The government cannot hope to enforce its will upon all citizenry in equal standing, and thus it is in desperate need of local allies. Men who, having committed no clear acts of treason, could be solicited to provide local outreach efforts within regions that otherwise remain aloof of the Capital. Be they local peasant leader, gentry, or businessman, all must come together for the betterment of the nation.
The Great Beiyang Reapproachement
The opposition would see to it that a great array of skilled bureaucrats, politicians, and magistrates be cast aside for they are \
Depoliticise the Ranks
Politics and personnel waltzing hand-in-hand has resulted in some of the nation's most recent tragedies. The machinations of Yuan Shikai, the despotism of Dr. Sun Yat-sen and his National Revolutionary Army, or that of the Zhili, Fengtian, or Anhui. The army is not the path for careerism and self-actualisation of idealogical goals, but for that of duty, honour, and service.
Bicameral Democracy Realised
China's Democracy, its previous attempts, that is, have long held themselves to the ideals built upon a bicameral legislature: the Assembly, and the Senate. With the latter having acting powers to effectively check both the cabinet and the Assembly, it has proven itself utterly incapable. With a renewed martial legalism in government, the very institutions of the Republic have received newfound primacy.
From Resistance to Reconstruction
Against all odds Zhang Lan has secured electoral victory, thwarting upstarts within the China Democratic League and handily defeating Dan Maoxin's Grand Republican Alliance. Considered a radical by reactionary elements, President Zhang finds opposition from many elements of Chinese society. An idealistic socialist with a heart of gold, President Zhang stands ready to enact his ambitious and radical plan for reconstructing the Chinese Republic, one reform at a time.
The Wisdom of West and East
While the West has certainly achieved levels of modernisation China ought to emulate, we must avoid shunning our own past. Our path to the modern world will certainly be unique to China, and we must strive to balance what we learn from the West with our own culture. China was once the greatest empire in the world, and in combining the lessons of the past and those of the present, we may reach for the skies.
Mobilising the Broadest Masses
While the Intellectual class of China have historically been the vanguard of Chinese culture and political development, we must not forget the agrarian masses. Throughout Chinese history, the peasantry have toiled under arbitrary warlords and tyrannical emperors, and the President empathises with their struggle. No longer shall society's betters oppress the nation's bedrock, for we are only as great as our poorest social classes.
The Gathering Of Many Minds
An important trait to a stable democracy is learning to rule through consensus. As such, President Zhang Lan has called a conference of China's most prestigious and respected intellectuals to advise him on vital policy matters, even inviting his political rival Zhang Junmai to participate in the name of easing tensions. In bringing together many bright minds, the President is confident that many solutions to China's most pressing concerns shall be put forward.
Form Substance And Spirit
A common criticism of Zhang Lan and other progressive intellectuals is that they lack understanding of the common folk and provide no practical solutions to economic and social problems beyond a vague call for further democratic reform. Fully aware of his critics, President Zhang Lan plans on demonstrating to the people the practicality of his national reconstruction plan through meaningful economic development and financial stabilisation.
Rebirth Of The Political Animal
After the Republic was declared, the intellectual classes hoped to represent the nation as its leading political class. However, Chinese intellectuals would find warlords and militarists sitting on the Republican throne. Forced to compromise under such circumstances, the civilian political class would find difficulty in pushing meaningful reform. With the military no longer the guiding hand of the Republic, the civilian political class may finally bring change through the pen.
Professionalize The Soldierly Class
While the Jianguojun was instrumental in bringing about the new Federal Republic, we must acknowledge it to be a desperate assortment of Sichuan's various warlords. With the nation finally at peace, the Chinese military must be restructured to make it into a proper military force, rather than a bloated mess of provincial forces and bandits. While Xiong Kewu and his allies may grumble, the new Republic is not guided by the blade.
Rein In Army Cliques
Throughout the Republic's history, military cliques have traditionally been a leading force in influencing the nation's political direction either through the sword or behind closed doors. Hoping to put such undemocratic circles in China's past, President Zhang Lan plans to take on these military factions directly and see them eliminated once and for all. Let it be known that anti-democratic behaviour will no longer be tolerated!
Nationwide Industrial Autonomy
In a country as large as China, it would be absurd to expect the Central Government to properly accommodate regions to their economic needs efficiently. President Zhang Lan has instead opted to allow the provinces to loosen their reins on economic policy, so that local businesses may thrive without unnecessary oversight. A nation that develops naturally is a nation that develops healthily.
Democracy As The Key
Our Republic was not always dominated by military strongmen. During the dream of 1912, the people of China eagerly participated in the first free election in the nation's history. However, Song Jiaoren's assassination would turn our dream into an unending nightmare, with warlords supplanting warlords day after day. Now, President Zhang Lan has finally wrangled the beast of militarism back into its cage, and the Republic may finally live up to the Dream of 1912.
Leading By Word and Deed
Chinese democracy is a fickle thing; few can seem to truly master it, lest it succumb to its own torturous ideology. The time for ruling by legalism and pretty speeches has past; it is time for China's true saviours to lead her to modernity and salvation. Without quarter, Civil Governance will be restored, and Progress shall be achieved.
Society's Proper Placements
Once former politicians and warlords have nothing to do, they will simply stir up trouble in society, criticise this and that and obstruct government order. But once given work in productive developments, even if it's just a small responsibility, their disruptive influence will be greatly reduced. Let every Chinese citizen know their proper place in a productive society, one ruled by modernity, and not ideology.
Legacy Of The Academy
The Baoding Military Academy is perhaps China's greatest military institution. Having tutored some of the nation's greatest strategists and tacticians, it is a prized institution that has been treated utterly unfairly for its stature. The glories of its alumni are many, and through additional funding directed at Baoding, it may but achieve even greater heights in future wars.
Enshrine Military Primogeniture
China's military is both its greatest enemy, and its strongest vanguard. Whilst a crippling weakness if not properly parleyed with, the nation is in the hands of its strongest military forces; and thus their rights must be assured and protected. Whilst President Liu may be disgruntled at the notion of pervasive military influence in civilian governance, it is the nature of the beast that he has saddled himself with.
A Use For All
By funding training programs to prepare the unemployed for technical roles, the nation can both slash its unemployed population, alongside creating a new caste of directors and specialists. They benefit from employment, training, a fulfilling job, and a secure livelihood, and the government benefits from their support. The days of the drifting layabout are over! Thus arrives the new productive society!
The Push for Efficiency
Chinese governance has long sought to enrich its benefactors through flagrant abuses of taxation, and of bureaucracy. By merging redundant departments, eliminating government agencies deemed to be useless, and the filtering of capital from useless places to areas that desperately need the funding, China's industrialisation will accelerate in unbridled ferocity.
Western Revitalisation Plan
Xikang and Sichuan where but mere backwaters; mountains, and rugged terrain. Yet, through the skilled development programs of Liu Wenhui, Deng Xihou, Tian Songyao, and all others of the Baoding Department, they have grown into industrial powerhouses! China's Northwest is but a vast cornucopia of potential, and the Chinese citizens must but be properly incentivised to venture and seize their own destinies!
Overcoming Internal Backwardness
Chinese internal competition and divisions has long led to a situation of muddled feudalistic development and dirty self-serving capitalism. No longer! China will progress, even if it must drag ever gentryman and businessman by their heels! Only through self-sacrifice, endurance, vigour, and spirit shall we persevere! Chinese potential abounds, and every citizen must work towards the betterment of the country!
Streamline County Magistrates
The current array of national magistrates and low-level officials have shown their true colours with recent developments within national politics. Instead choosing loyalty towards the disloyal and perfidious, they have refused tacitly, or otherwise protested, the current government. Such blatant inefficiencies cannot be tolerated, and it is imperative that the government forcefully streamline internal administrations - to its own ends.
A Nation not only of Critics
There is no time for idealist dribble! The nation must be developed industrially! The masses are hungry, they lack productive employment, they lack even the money to sufficiently clothe themselves. The nation needs workers and producing classes, not intellectuals and critics of the downtrodden nation. Whatever avenues for dialogue are present, they can wait until the nation is even capable of standing on its own two feet.
Modernity's Five Spirits
The Five Spirits, that of Science, that of Endurance, of Aspiration, of Loyalty and Public Duty, and of Research, are the keys to which every nation achieves true Modernity. Britain, France, Russia, Germany, the United States, and even Japan, have all retained these spiritual guides on the path to greatness; and China must follow suite. Through systematic development, the next century may very well be the Chinese one.
To Seek Prosperity
Money is the root of all evil, as they say, but the government must work to dismiss the social attitude that money is intrinsically linked to petty warlords, conniving businessmen, and crooked officials! Every citizen must know their avenues to progress and better their lives, they must hoist that of the upright and effective administrators!
New Style Education
Education must be of that for the everyman; it must serve as a baseline for life itself. Thus, the government must place due prioritisation of financing the Ministry of Education, and draw out within the Chinese youth their own potential for future generations. Those ivory tower intellectuals yearn to prioritise the universities, but how can a university function without fundamental education before it?
A Reliable National Constabulary
The last few decades of Chinese societal experiences have proven themselves to be evident in one thing: when the nation experiences disorder, bandits, petty criminals, and thieves run amok. And with the military predisposed towards national defence rather than internal policing, there is but one solution. Following the lead of cadets educated in America under August Vollmer, China must revolutionise its policing.
True Purposes of Knowledge
Knowledge is the key to any nation's success, and to one's own personal success. It can be utilised for any means; to achieve power, to achieve change, or to achieve success. With altruistic applications and self-servicing ones, those with the most knowledge reign supreme over those without; thus the question is raised, what is the true purpose of knowledge? For higher office and political power? Or the advancement of China?
To Cultivate Talent
Talent is by and large one of the most crucial facets of national development, for without talent there is no culture, there is no innovation, and there is very little progress. And without noticing, or enabling, such talent, the nation is within a complete dearth of talent in the first place. Through intensified schooling efforts, and scholarly grants, China shall enable its best and brightest to truly succeed.
Specialised Practical Schools
Without a shadow of a doubt, schools must be revolutionised across the nation. Furthermore, even more schools must be opened in all places; for no child within the nation should have to traverse life without experiencing the liberating light of education. By incentivising schools focused on practical skillsets, the nation will experience both an influx of workers, and their own self-enlightenment.
Appeal to the Disenfranchised
China is a nation of many creeds and many backgrounds. Yet it is overwhelmingly dominated by the upper echelons: the rich, the elite, the wealthy, and the powerful. Those without power have commonly found themselves beholden to local folk heroes: Lu Rongting, Chen Quzhen, Long Yun. The government cannot allow the disenfranchised within China to feel further isolated from their nation-state, and it must work to integrate them further.
Develop the Industrial Stepstones
The nation cannot be industrialised without first achieving the proper stepping stones unto its own prosperity; through owning its own resources, and by providing for its own masses, the nation's industrialisation is all but guaranteed. Alongside implementing workers' protections and new workers' laws, China shall adjourn even the revolutionary states on the moral of its productive classes.
The Zhili's Last Stand
Despite the Royalist's rather foolish attempt to decapitate our Clique by murdering Cao Kun and Wu Peifu in cold blood, they would underestimate our Clique's capacity to rise from the ashes like a mighty phoenix. Rallying under the auspices of the Marshal of Tianjin, and with the most grateful assistance of our true comrades Yang Sen and Liu Cunhou, we will transform Sichuan into the foundational base camp to annihilate the Emperor.
Modernisation of the Desperate
The task before us of taking on the traitors that exiled us is a gargantuan one. If we are to take on the Qing, Sichuan's war-torn industrial base won't do. We'll need to double our industrial efforts, utilise ever resource we can possibly possess in its most absolute form, and dedicate the full strength of the Zhili Clique. All for our final reclamation.
Partners of Law and Order
Germany has long been an erstwhile friend of the Zhili in the past, even if temporarily estranged as of recent years. Without them, the Zhili Clique may very well have seen its extinction in the late 1920s. Through our connections and ties to the AOG, the Legation Cities and German East Asia, we're in a position to bring in engineers from Krupp to assist us in the construction of new weapon facilities under this German supervision.
Emulating the Smiling Tiger
Whilst much detested in Northern Zhili Circles, it would appear, despite the state of his League, that Sun Chuanfang was indeed correct about something. With our ties to Germany restored and business flourishing, we'll be able to import as many German guns as our gold reserves can purchase. With German armaments, we are sure to annihilate the under-equipped Royalist soldiers.
Friends on the Golden Waterway
The \
Friends of Many, Enemy of One
Maintaining our connections from our days as the legitimate Central Government, the Cabinet and rump Assembly retain considerable influence amongst the international community. With this in mind, the necessity of armaments to fund our future conflict requires more guns than our current industry can provide. By forging new deals and putting our money reserves to good use we should be able to quickly re-equip and retrain our army with foreign help.
The North Remembers
If we fight the Qing alone, then we'll surely die alone as well. Before any further action is taken against them it would be wise to rally as many potential allies to our cause as we can muster in the region. Luckily for us, there we're hardly the only ones with grievances against Beijing. With Zhili factions all across the nation, and those who are sympathetic, we are sure to construct an anti-monarchy alliance to rival the Tongmenghui!
Vindicating the Invisible Element
Perhaps their ultimate undoing, and proof of China's inherent Republican outlook, the Central Plains still retains numerous Republican and Zhili sympathisers within the Qing's current domain. More than happy to once again stick it to the Royalists, they are already establishing sects of secret networks, and are in communication with our own intelligence staff. The Qing army will know no respite as we wreak havoc on them from the shadows.
Rally the Zhili Remnants
Loyal soldiers and officers alike are worth their weight in gold at this crucial moment. With Sichuan established as the last line of defence for the Zhili, it's imperative that we put out a call to our friends and allies that Sichuan is a safe haven where the long arms of the Qing's secret police can't reach them. Under the auspices of the Marshal of Tianjin, we will no doubt reclaim our rightful land!
The Path of Reform
Reforming later is too pitiful of an outlook! The Marshal of Tianjin would see a form of martial law instituted until the reclamation of Beijing. That is simply not good enough. The Manchu Coup undoubtedly displayed the fallacies of the Zhili's old regime, and if we are to truly reconstitute both the Beiyang Republic and the people's adoration, we must adopt a more open model of governance.
Administration of Fraternity
If we are to truly conduct a great overhaul of our old system, we must ensure the participation of exceptional individuals in order to provide an exceptional governance. With President Yan having descended from the famous and adored Diplomatic Corps, he has seen it fit to welcome Diplomat Wellington Koo into our government. Together they shall lay the groundwork to take the initial steps towards administrative reform.
New Leaf of a Reborn Republic
No more shall the Beiyang Republic be ruled by military strongmen! No more shall the legacy of Xinhai be beholden to autocrats! The mission of Good People's Governance shall be seen to fruition, and by welcoming the participation of the Political Science Clique and the Independents, we shall construct a true Assembly and Senate that answers to the people.
Three Cliques, One Mission
Our administrative structure is a horrific and hastily composed abomination of the Armament Department's local provincial administration, and the influx of both Beiyang and Zhili officials. Rather unfortunately brought together in such dire circumstances, the Armament Department, the Jinbao Clique and the Luoyang Clique must ultimately streamline and unify their internal structures, so as to ensure efficient governance.
Legacy of Jinbao and Luoyang
The most premier of any and all warlord cliques, the Jinbao and Luoyang factions of the Zhili Clique are perhaps the closest Cliques to completing the full transition to good, responsible statesmen. With many members of either faction having folden within the civilian bureaucracy, we have truly proven the fact that the Zhili are the legitimate rulers of China. Orthodox and principled, technocratic governance is assured under our watch.
Following the King of Baoding
Whilst the Cao Kun Constitution of 1923 proves itself to be a radically progressive piece of institutional documentation, it has also proven itself capable for extreme abuse by the executive. To modernise and surpass our forebears, whilst preserving their intentions, we must follow precisely in Cao Kun's footsteps. Drafting our own constitution, considering the faults and merits of the previous, we will march into a new era of liberty and prosperity.
A State Run by Competence
For far too long military and civilian advancement within the state has hinged more on lineage, connections and bribes than actual talent. Now that we're forced to start from scratch, many within the cabinet and military are advocating for a \
Shu's March of Progress
Ever most capable, ever a stalwart grouping of solid friends, comrades and associates, the Armament Department has proven itself more than capable of being integrated into the Zhili Clique. With the support of Sichuan, we shall bring the province into modernity, wiping away the decades of warlord squabbles, for a new revived state-building project. Together, hand-in-hand, a new China is forged.
March of the Grieving Army
True, our army grieves. For it has lost not only its leader, but one of its greatest commanders. As much as the animosity between Marshal Wang and Marshal Wu tore them apart, at the end of the day they still had a duty to do. Wu served to the end, fulfilling his duty. No doubt attempting to defend Cao from hails of bullets. Similarly, Marshal Wang and the rest of the Zhili Army must march forever onwards. For their memory, at the very least.
The Return of Tianjin
Finally, the odd one out, the little Clique in the internal Zhili power struggle, Tianjin has formally succeeded both Baoding and Luoyang. Whilst it was merged into that of Baoding to form Jinbao, it nonetheless has survived both Cao and Wu. With its founders being that of the late Cao Rui, Bian Shoujing and of course, Marshal Wang, Tianjin used to play second fiddle to Wu and Cao. Not any more.
Constitutionalism for the Masses
Cao Kun's service and sacrifice will not be forgotten. He may have been murdered along with Wu, but his legacy will live on through the constitution he drafted in 1923. A hallmark piece of legislature, it will provide the people with the security and freedoms they deserve, both here in Sichuan as well as Beijing when we return home. Truly without Cao Kun, there would be no new China.
Government of One Mind, One Body
For too long has the meddling assembly bickered over the intricacies of legislature, the whims of bureaucrats derailing good governance for their ill-informed agendas. Their damnable haranguing nearly cost the whole Zhili Clique, and their prized Beiyang Democracy! For this period of reclamation, the governmental body must act with one mindset, and in perfect unison. Surely even our opposition will adhere to such a fact.
Government of Bread and Circuses
Despite our best efforts, there are still those that do not understand their place by putting personal interests ahead of the nation. For these individuals we must appease them during this time of great struggle. Satisfying the people's most immediate requirements and desires, they may support our regime for its perennial struggle. Reform will happen, but it must wait until the reconquest.
Primacy of the Central Army
To best face the challenges that lie ahead our society will need be a militant one. From top to bottom, we'll embrace the virtues of military service and honour the Central Army. For without the Central Army, the legacy of Xinhai would very much have died in the coup. Knowing this, our soldiers will be instilled with a greater sense of duty and valour, putting them well above the rabble our enemy is sure to field.
Salvaging the Lessons of Baoding
We may have been deposed from the most premier of all military academies within the nation, but its lessons stay with us no matter where we travel. By refining local training methods on the merits of Baoding, we'll have our officers and soldiers drilled to a point where they'll be better equipped not only to adapt to battlefield developments, but we'll be more resilient to any loss of institutional knowledge.
The Nation's First Line of Defence
We must always be three steps ahead of our enemies. By giving more freedom to our military intelligence branch to act unrestrained, we'll know every move our enemy makes, be it a foreign or internal threat. One of our many follies was not adequately trusting our military intelligence rings before it was too late. Marshal Wang shall not make such a mistake. The people of China will forever be safe under the Public Safety Bureau.
Prepare The Final Offensive
Sichuan province is rapidly preparing itself for the twilight struggle. For the final push. Our entire society backs both Military and Marshal. With the will of the people in earnest, nothing shall prevent us from marching forward to reclaim what was rightfully our's. The fools thought they had ended the Zhili Clique by brutally executing the Jade Marshal and King of Baoding. They were utterly wrong.
Homecoming of Vengeance
Hate. Hate and revenge. That is what fuels the Marshal most presently. Together with the civilians, the remnants of Beiyang, and his ever loyal Zhili officers and soldiers, the Zhili Clique shall bring the much anticipated hammer to the anvil. A true testament to our resilience and preparation of the past months. To fail is an impossibility! This is not just for our forebears, but for the very essence of China itself!
Xinhai All Over Again!
We rose from the ashes after the Qing thought they'd destroyed us. Now they and everyone else that stood with them against us have been humbled by our victories. We must consolidate our position and restore order to China, for the Zhili is here to stay. The restoration of normal efforts in the Assembly, collaboration with the Senate, and widely anticipated elections has resulted in a new burst of idealism.
Elections of the Victorious
Most fortuitously, Marshal Wang and Diplomat Yan were truly only leaders in the nation's most dire moments. With the restoration of our rightful place within the Chinese nation, a series of scheduled national elections have been announced. The first to have been held in many years. Hopefully with the new mandate, the new president can foresee a period of reconciliation, reconstruction, and new popular support.
Unity Forged Through Tragedy
Surrounded by the rubble, the bodies of our comrades, the tears of the revolutionaries, and the ashes of the nation. It is hard to be patriotic for the Chinese nation at this stage. Yet with our shared suffering, a mutual bond is built. Forged to be unbreakable. Our struggle may be over, but out nation still labours. Together however, we march forward unto a new horizon.
Reconstitute the Beiyang Navy
Once the pride of the nation, the Beiyang Navy used to dominate the Asian seas and protect China's coastline. Now it is nothing more than a shadow, neglected by the government. To truly reclaim the birthright of the Chinese Republic, we similarly must revive China's naval tradition. Famously apolitical, mostly, the Navy worked with the Manchus, however we cannot blame them. After all, they only want to sail the seas.
Forging Modernity through Strength
Whilst they rather reluctantly collaborated with the Manchu Royalists, it has become increasingly clear that the Young China Party were merely victims of their own hubris. For of course their pursuit for national prominence clouded their capacity for nationalist republicanism. Coming to us with their tail between their legs, the YCP will prove themselves useful partners for the new modern China!
Idealism Revisited in Wu's Name
The intellectuals in Beijing are both our greatest boon and worst enemy. They continue to champion their agitation for decades, and evidently are not diseappearing anytime soon. Yet some intellectuals such as Hu Shih and Bai Jianwu were imperative in our reconquest, and in the sustenance of the Zhili Clique. Let us approach these brave idealists, in the name of the Jade Marshal's noble mission for a democratic Confucian Republic.
Five Races Under One Union Forever-more!
The age of warlords and self-serving tyrants needs to come to an end! Through national unification the Beiyang Republic has seen its reconstitution and revival following the tenuous decades of the 1910s and 1920s. Rallying not just the Zhili, but the intellectuals, republicans and democrats too, we shall make a new united China, together.
All Under the Auspicious Cloud
Considered to be a token of good faith and good luck, all of the domain of China as dignified by the Republic of 1911's borders must be brought under our goodwill. With our border regions frequently contested between our rightful kinsmen and foreign imperialists, this is surely a difficult and titanic task. But if we are to bring enlightenment to the whole of China, we must control the whole of China.
$QIE_destroy_federalists$
$QIE_destroy_federalists_desc$
$QIE_cross_the_dai_river$
$QIE_cross_the_dai_river_desc$
$QIE_destroy_kuomintang$
$QIE_destroy_kuomintang_desc$
War of National Resistance
Ever since we lost the war of 1894, Japan's aggression against China has been ceaseless and merciless. Continuously threatening our pitiful nation during its weakest state, they attempted to seize Shandong, to seize the port cities, to seize Dongbei. And now they step foot within our lands yet again. The Japanese shall only be repelled through fire and steel. We will give no quarter to those who seek to humiliate and destroy China!
Eradicate the Concessions
The so-called concessions are a holdover of European, American and Japanese injustices against China. Clutched like damnable pearls, they continue to spit in the face of all good Chinese. They'll be given a choice to be returned to Chinese control either by the pen or by the sword. One way or another, this century of humiliation they wrought will end here.
Tie Up Loose Ends
Far and away from the Central power basin of the Central Plains and Coastline, there still remains numerous states that exist in opposition to the concept of a united China. Controlling our frontier and elsewhere, they must be brought under our secure control. For this territory belongs under the auspices of China's heel, no one else's.
Kickstart the Armament Industry
The damnable Qing have undoubtedly squandered the plentiful resources of the Central Government. Considering further conflict on the horizon, the military high command staff have suggested to the government that a period of dedicated effort towards rejuvenating the armament industry must be considered, if we are to unite the nation in totality.
Return to Beijing
Much of Beijing still bears its scars after the strife and fighting the city has seen in recent years. The ZhiWan wars, the ZhiFeng Wars, the Beijing Coup, the Manchu Coup. Our brave Northern Capital has experienced so much fruitless hardship. Now that we've retaken the city from the Qing, we must work hard to mend these scars and rebuild the ancient city as the industrial and commercial nerve centre of China.
Expand the Jinghan Railroad
Ever the vital lifelines by which wars in Eastern China are fought, the railways control the very flow of battles. Allowing for greater divisions and greater arms to clash as opposed to the rugged interior. Of particular note is the Jinghan railway, finished in 1906, it is one of the most integral pieces of infrastructure in the Central Government's territory, and it is imperative we see to its maintenance and expansion.
$QIE_daye_hanyang_development_scheme$
$QIE_daye_hanyang_development_scheme_desc$
$QIE_reorganise_the_kailuan_mining_bureau$
$QIE_reorganise_the_kailuan_mining_bureau_desc$
$QIE_expanding_our_shanxi_spoils$
$QIE_expanding_our_shanxi_spoils_desc$
$QIE_gongxian_arsenal_expansion_office$
$QIE_gongxian_arsenal_expansion_office_desc$
$QIE_expand_baoding_arsenal$
$QIE_expand_baoding_arsenal_desc$
Chengdu Machine Bureau
Tianfu Mines
Chongqing Electric Steel Refinery
Shu-Hua Industrial Company
Chongqing Arsenal
Hejiang Artillery Arsenal
Sichuan Silk
Nanchuan Aircraft Manufacturing Plant
Minsheng Shipping
Chongqing Tank Plant
The Yufeng Machinery Factory in Chongqing was recently selected and bought out by the Army with the ambitious plan to convert it into China's first tank factory. It will be a long process to expand the existing factory and hire the required technical expertise, but the base is solid and there's room for expansion.
Sichuan has long been a microcosm of China's many woes, divided and constantly switching controllers since 1911. Governor Yang Sen managed to emerge from the chaos as ruler with help from Wu Peifu and Cao Kun's Zhili Clique in the aftermath of the Northern Expedition, but even his control is far from absolute.\n\nFollowing the Central Sichuan War, Yang has come to rely upon internal factions for support, most notably Liu Xiang's faction of the Accelerated Department and the Baoding Department's Triumvirate. Whatever the case may be, Sichuan is in a delicate balance...
GFX_SZC_intro
The §aSichuan Clique§! in 1936
As 1936 dawns, §aSichuan§! remains in a very fragile balance between its multiple factions. §aYang Sen§! holds for now, buoyed by §PZhili§! support from his personal backer, the §PJade Marshal Wu Peifu§! and aided by his close associate and former governor of §aSichuan§!, §PLiu Cunhou§!, whose status and connections, as well as considerable forces, give §aYang§! sorely needed stability and legitimacy. However, the military disasters of the past decade led §aYang Sen§! to rely on the cliques led by §cDeng Xihou§! and §PLiu Xiang§!, who now hold considerable influence in the government and in Sichuan itself. The remnants of the §RKMT-aligned§! §SOfficer Department§! still control parts of southern §aSichuan§!, though the years since have seen their area of control steadily diminish.\n\n§aSichuan§! stands at the edge of a knife, internally divided, with multiple factions vying for ultimate power in the province. It may take only the slightest sign of weakness in the §PZhili§! for this powderkeg to blow up...
The §aSichuan Clique§!
The modern history of §aSichuan§! begins in 1912. When the §lXinhai Revolution§! reached §aSichuan§!, the region entered a period of prolonged instability, with regional warlords vying for the governorship by diplomacy and force. Between 1912 and 1926, the region was alternatively controlled by §lXinhai revolutionaries§!, §RKuomintang loyalists§! and §Plocal warlords§!.\n\nThis state of affairs would last until the failure of the Northern Expedition in 1926. With the personal support of the victorious §PZhili§! leader, §cWu Peifu§!, §aYang Sen§! was able to establish himself as the firm ruler of §aSichuan§!, finally restoring some semblance of stability to the region. However, the profound divisions within §aSichuan would§! not disappear, with §aYang§! rapidly becoming beheld to the interests for various internal cliques that formed and unable to remove their influence. §PLiu Xiang§!, one of these warlords, established himself in §PChongqing§! by allying himself with the local administration, quickly becoming §aYang's§! main rival for control over §aSichuan§!.\n\n1928 saw §aSichuan§! face an invasion from the neighbouring clique of §aYunnan§!. While at first a success, the invasion was soon defeated by §aSichuanese§! forces, causing considerable losses among §aYang's§! personal forces. A §PTibetan§! invasion in 1930 deteriorated the situation even further, with §PTibetan§! troops reaching the Yangtze River and directly threatening the capital of §aChengdu§!. While the involvement of the §PMa Clique§! to the north eventually turned the tide against the §PTibetans§!, §aSichuan§! was forced to cede half of the §aXikang§! region to §PTibet§! and §aYang's§! military was left in tatters.
The §aSichuan Clique§! (Part 2)
While the §PTibetan§! invasion was repelled, this was not the end of §aSichuan's§! troubles. In 1931, a group of §RKuomintang-aligned§! officers, §Pwarlords§! and §aformer governors§! of §aSichuan§!, the §SOfficer Department§!, launched its first expedition into §aSichuan§! from their bases in northern §aYunnan§!, with tacit support from §PTang Jiyao's Republican government§!. The tattered §aSichuanese§! forces under §aYang§! were no match for the §RKMT§! troops, being routed time and again, losing most of their supplies to the advancing invasion forces. With the §aClique§! on the brink of collapse, warlord §aYang Sen§!, in a move of desperation, formed a temporary alliance with §PChongqing§! warlord §PLiu Xiang§! and his clique, the §PIndustrial Corps§!. With assistance from §PLiu's§! forces, §aYang§! was able to beat back the expedition. Further cooperation with the §PIndustrial Corps§! allowed §aSichuan§! to begin rebuilding its army, at the cost of ever increasing §PIndustrial Corps§! influence within the government.\n\nAnother group to rise in influence at this time was §cDeng Xihou's Baoding Department§!, whose forces helped suppress the §SOfficer Department§! while §aYang§! rebuilt his forces. The highly visible work by the §cBaoding Department§! in suppressing the rebels led to an increase in the group's popularity, which is seen by more and more citizens as the true protectors of §aSichuan§!.\n\nAnother invasion attempt in 1933 by §aYunnan§!, in support of the §SOfficer Department§!, was quickly aborted when the §PLeague-Marshal of the Eight Provinces§!, §PSun Chuanfang§!, threatened to intervene. The unexpected §aYunnanese§! retreat allowed §aYang§! to partially reoccupy §asouthern Sichuan§!. The chaos also allowed §aTian Songyao§! to establish himself in the northeast as a §aminor warlord§!, yet his ambitions remain a mystery.
§aSichuan§!, Divided
§aSichuan§! in 1936 stands divided, with multiple factions vying for absolute power.\n\nThe ruling faction at the moment is the §aArmament Department§!, led by §aYang Sen§! and his close associate §PLiu Cunhou§!. Due to §cWu Peifu's§! personal support over the years, the §aDepartment§! is closely aligned to the §PZhili authorities§! in §cBeijing§! and §PNanjing§!. While their influence remains secure for now, the §aclique§! has grown dependent on §PZhili support§! in the last decade. Should something befall the §PZhili§!, §aYang's§! authority will be dangerously threatened.\n\n§aYang's§! chief rival for control over §aSichuan§! is §PChongqing§! warlord §PLiu Xiang§!, leader of the §PIndustrial Corps§!. §PLiu Xiang§! remains an erstwhile ally of §aYang§! since the §RKMT§! expedition in 1931, but §PLiu§! is an ambitious man and makes no secret of his desire to rule §aSichuan§!. Should the opportunity appear, the §PIndustrial Corps§! may quickly reconsider the usefulness of their alliance with §aYang Sen§!.\n\nThe third most important faction is the §cBaoding Department§!, a clique formed by former §cBaoding§! graduates - though this is not a prerequisite for membership - and led by §aYang's§! general §cDeng Xihou§!. In the last few years, their highly visible operations against §Srebel enclaves§! in the south have seen them gain popularity among the people. The §cBaoding Department§! forms a core of §aYang's§! support in the region. While §cDeng§! has long been loyal to §aYang§!, he may very well be considered a threat to §aYang's§! rule.\n\nIn the south, the remnants of a §RKMT§! expedition in 1931 continue to hold territory. The §SOfficer Department§!, as they are called, are the main group openly resisting §aYang's§! control of §aSichuan§!. Led by §aLü Chao§! and §lXiong Kewu§!, the group maintains close relations with the nearby clique of §aYunnan§!, on whose support they depend to survive.
§MAccelerated Department/Armament Department§! — §MYang Sen's Ambition§! / §MLiu Cunhou's Tradition§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$ / $paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot In §YLiu Xiang's Forces Approach Suining§!, either Retreat North or Evacuate Towards Chengdu\n£white_dot In §YNejiang Under Assault§!, Blow the Bridges\n£white_dot In §YChoosing a Plan of Attack§!, Move Towards Jianyang\n£white_dot In §YClashes in Ziliujing§!, Feign an Attack — the civil war will end a few days later.\n\n£white_dot Alternatively, in §YChoosing a Plan of Attack§!, Move Towards Chongqing\n£white_dot In §YChongqing Under Assault§!, Take up Positions in the Hills — the civil war will end a few days later.\n£white_dot In the §YMeeting with Deng Xihou§!, accept the deal to consolidate §aYang Sen's§! rule or reject it to have §PLiu Cunhou§! take power.\n\n§MBaoding Department§! — §MA Model Province§! / §MA Modern Province§! ($social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot In §YLiu Xiang's Forces Approach Suining§!, Entrench and Attempt a Defence\n£white_dot Alternatively, pick to either Retreat North or Evacuate Towards Chengdu. Subsequently, in §YNejiang Under Assault§!, Defend the Bridgeheads\n\n£white_dot In §YMobilising the Xikang Troops§!, Reinforce the Garrison in Chengdu\n£white_dot In §YGuanxian Under Heavy Attack§!, Prepare an Attack on the Enemy Camps at Night, or Block the Baopingkou Channel — the civil war will end a few days later.\n£white_dot Alternatively, in §YMobilising the Xikang Troops§!, Move East Towards Luzhou and Chongqing\n£white_dot In §YThe Many Faces of Baoding§!, Rely upon Liu Wenhui's Core — the civil war will end a few days later.\n\n§MAccelerated Department§! — §MNPA§! / §MLord of Sichuan§! / §MGrandiose Plan§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot In §YLiu Xiang's Forces Approach Suining§!, pick any option\n£white_dot In §YNejiang Under Assault§!, pick any option\n£white_dot In §YChoosing a Plan of Attack§!, Split your forces — the civil war will end a few days later.\n£white_dot Alternatively, in §YChoosing a Plan of Attack§!, Move Towards Chongqing\n£white_dot In §YChongqing Under Assault§!, Assault the City — the civil war will end a few days later.\n\n£white_dot Alternatively, in §YMobilising the Xikang Troops§!, Reinforce the Garrison in Chengdu\n£white_dot In §YGuanxian Under Heavy Attack§!, Entrench and Fortify around the Er Wang Temple — the civil war will end a few days later.\n£white_dot Alternatively, in §YMobilising the Xikang Troops§!, Move East Towards Luzhou and Chongqing\n£white_dot In §YThe Many Faces of Baoding§!, Favour Deng and Tian's forces — the civil war will end a few days later.\n\n§MNine Man Regiment/Officers Department§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot In §YLiu Xiang's Forces Approach Suining§!, §Rdo not§! pick to Entrench and Attempt a Defence\n£white_dot In §YNejiang Under Assault§!, Blow the Bridges\n£white_dot In §YChoosing a Plan of Attack§!, Move Towards Jianyang\n£white_dot In §YClashes in Ziliujing§!, choose to Seize Ziliujing or Attack Chongqing — the civil war will end a few days later.\n£white_dot In §YAccord of the New Sichuan§!, pick either §SXiong Kewu§! or §lLi Jiayu§! to take power depending on if you want the §SNine Man Regiment§! or §lOfficers Department§! respectively.\n\n§MZhili Remnants§! — §MCivilian Wing§! / §MMilitary Wing§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$ / $paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Set the §cQing§! game rule to the §YManchu Coup§! before starting the game, and have §aYang Sen§! or §PLiu Cunhou§! stay in power.\n£white_dot §PWang Chengbin§! will arrive in Sichuan a month after the coup.\n\n§MNational Reconstruction Government§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Follow the guide to have §SXiong Kewu§! and the §SNine-man Regiment§! come to power\n£white_dot After July 1st 1937, whilst not being a subject, owning Chongqing, and with no prior Federalist governments established, complete the focus §YSolicit Cooperation Between North and South§!; then take the decision §YBear the Banner of Federalist Hopes§!\n£white_dot §SZhang Lan§! will be invited to form an emergency National Reconstruction Government on behalf of the Sichuan Warlords.\n\n§MChina Democratic League - New Century Research Association§! ($social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Unite China as the National Reconstruction Government whilst keeping §fDemocratic Enthusiasm§! balanced.\n£white_dot After unification, select §SZhang Lan§! to win the national elections.\n\n§MGrand Republican Alliance - United Federal Autonomy Association§! ($social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Unite China as the National Reconstruction Government whilst keeping §fDemocratic Enthusiasm§! balanced.\n£white_dot After unification, select §lDan Maoxin§! to win the national elections.\n\n§MGrand Republican Alliance - Civil Governance and Progress Society§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot After unification, have §lDan Maoxin§! or §SZhang Lan§! win the national elections. Then have §fDemocratic Enthusiasm§! drop below emerging realism or above emerging idealism, and §aLiu Wenhui§! will coup to stabilise the government.\n£white_dot Alternatively, have §fDemocratic Enthusiasm§! drop below emerging realism or above emerging idealism during the first election campaign, and §aLiu Wenhui§! will coup to stabilise the government.\n\n£white_dot §YNote: it is significantly easier to maintain §sZhang Lan§! or §lDan Maoxin's§! governments if you §fdepoliticise the military§!.§!\n£white_dot §YNote: it is possible to permanently stop §aLiu Wenhui§! from couping the government if you take the focuses §MNational Demobilisation§! or §MRein in Army Cliques§! for §lDan Maoxin§! and §SZhang Lan§!, respectively.§!
Unrest in the South
Following the sale of the ZheGan railroad in the League of Eight Provinces, worrying rumours of widespread unrest have begun to emerge. Starting off as whispers of protests suppressed by League police forces, our border guards now report streams of refugees fleeing violence and an explosion of banditry flowing across our borders.\n\nIt appears a peaceful protest in Wuhu escalated into a violent bloodbath after League forces fired upon the protestors - a scene that began to repeat itself across the League in the days following what is now being termed the 'Wuhu Incident'. Some are now claiming the League - and the Zhili order that backs it up - are on their last legs, though most are still willing to believe that military force can keep the unrest contained.
It will pass, as it has done in the past.
Marshal Sun Chuanfang Shot by Assassin
Grave news coming from the League of Eight Provinces: League-Marshal Sun Chuanfang, the highest Zhili authority in the region, lays in a coma, mortally wounded after being shot by an assassin. Zhili control over the south has already begun to break down and it will not be long before the waves reach us in Sichuan. Should the worst come and the south fall to chaos, Beijing may become too busy to be able to assist us.
This doesn't bode well.
Chaos in the South
Our worst nightmares have become reality. Zhili control over Southern China has completely broken down. In Nanjing, general Qi Xieyuan has appointed himself acting League-Marshal after assuming control of the city. With the League collapsing in the aftermath of Sun's shooting, KMT rebels long thought suppressed have risen up in Fujian in an attempt to restore the National Government. The governor of Anqing has declared war on Qi, accusing him of masterminding the assassination attempt to take over the League. Further west, the governors of Hunan, Guangxi and Guangdong have refused to recognise the authority of the new League-Marshal, but so far have not opened hostilities.\n\nThe situation has become dire enough for the central government in Beijing to become directly involved, with Qing troops and supplies already on their way south. For now, it seems Beijing's attention is completely captured by the crisis to the south and we are on our own.
Our worst nightmares have become reality. Zhili control over Southern China has completely broken down. In Nanjing, general Qi Xieyuan has appointed himself acting League-Marshal after assuming control of the city. With the League collapsing in the aftermath of Sun's shooting, KMT rebels long thought suppressed have risen up in Fujian in an attempt to restore the National Government. The governor of Anqing has declared war on Qi, accusing him of masterminding the assassination attempt to take over the League. Further west, the governors of Hunan, Guangxi and Guangdong have refused to recognise the authority of the new League-Marshal, but so far have not opened hostilities.\n\nTo make matters worse, the government in Beijing has refused to intervene to restore order and is facing massive protests over its decision. Dissidents all over China are already loudly proclaiming Wu's decision as proof of Zhili weakness and incompetence. It seems Zhili control over China is breaking and our enemies are surely watching.
This is a catastrophe!
Liu Xiang Mobilises Against Us
As the fragile Sichuanese order turns against us with the troubles in the League of Eight Provinces, Liu Xiang has decided to cross the Rubicon, so to speak. With his large army, he has moved out of Chongqing and soldiers loyal to him have been seen moving all around Sichuan, mainly in its Eastern portions. Our former allies have betrayed us and our friends have left us. For now, however, the Baoding Department has decided to maintain the course. All around Sichuan, armies are mobilising - and we must mobilise too. The time has come for us to cast the die, the fate of Sichuan hangs in the balance.
We must stop him!
Sichuan Collapses into Civil War
Sichuan has descended into chaos.\n\nAll across the province, the forces of the formally allied Accelerated Department battle with one another, with Liu Xiang's forces battling Yang Sen's forces. The Armament Department and the Baoding Department have temporarily allied with Yang Sen's forces, and have been joined by the minor Officer Department, fighting side-by-side against the largest army in Sichuan. Liu Xiang has continued to issue offensive orders from his command in Chongqing for his troops to move in and engage all forces of the Yang Sen Accelerated Department, Armament Department, and Baoding Department.\n\nIn Tongren, the federalist forces under Xiong Kewu have seen an opportunity to make their way back into Sichuan. Joined by the remnant Kuomintang forces under Lü Chao, and the ever present guerrillas in South-Eastern Sichuan, they have proven themselves capable of knocking the delicate Sichuan order into complete disarray.\n\nThe Baoding Department has, so far, remained loyal to Chengdu, with their forces fighting alongside Yang Sen's in the bloody war of provincial unification. The facade of stability in Sichuan has been broken and only the heavens know what will come of the province.
Contact Beijing at once, we need their aid!
So it begins...
Accelerated Department Seeks Asylum
The civil war in Sichuan has ended, and our allies in the Accelerated Department and the Armament Deprtment have been defeated by their enemies. Fleeing possible retribution, the leadership of the former ruling clique of Sichuan have arrived, seeking to serve our armed forces - with the hope of one day, perhaps, returning to their home province.
Old friends are always welcome here!
Find a new home, yes - elsewhere.
Yang Sen Requests Support
Dire news has arrived from Chengdu wired through our Chief Officer in the Southwest, He Guoguang. The tenuous peace in the province of Sichuan has fallen apart as a direct result of the loss of stability of the Zhili National Order, following the troubles in the League of Eight Provinces. Greatly diminishing the influence of the Sichuanese leader, and key ally of the Zhili, Yang Sen, the internal divisions in the province have escalated into open conflict. Fellow Accelerated Department member and Chongqing warlord Liu Xiang, has turned on governor Yang sen and his forces with the largest army in the province in tow. For now at least, Yang's allies in the Baoding department under Deng Xihou, Liu Wenhui, and Tian Songyao remain, but even that is an uncertainty as the situation spirals further out of control with every passing day.\n\nAlready the Zhili Clique, frequently meeting behind closed doors, have begun to scramble for a response. With chaos seizing the administration, many have had to rely upon personality, rather than constitutionalism, to push through with their proposals. Albeit, despite all pretences, it is not a factional divide on the Sichuan Issue, but that of a logistical one.\n\nWith the current chaos in Sichuan, it cannot be ruled out that a prolonged conflict where both sides exhaust their strength could lead to the remnants of Xiong Kewu seizing the moment to reverse their old misfortunes. As if that wasn't enough, persistent droughts have hit Sichuan's already struggling people. With disaster looming, the Zhili's old friend, Governor Yang, has reached out to the Clique through He, pleading that it offers any support it may muster. While the consequences of a defeat for Yang could prove severe for the Clique in the future, neither the Jade Marshal nor King of Baoding have deigned to comment much, albeit in private it has been reported that Wu Peifu has prepared a small aid package for his old friend.
Send them what we can spare.
We can't spare anything right now.
The Zhili Sends Support
After so many of erstwhile \
How very magnanimous!
The Zhili Abandons Us
It would appear nowadays that everyone within the nation has been cast away with misfortune. Betrayed by Liu Xiang already, and only tentatively holding an alliance with the Armament, Baoding, and Officer Departments, Governor Yang's desperate situation resulted in a casting of a lifeline towards Luoyang, or even Beijing. Through the Zhili's contact in the Southwest, He Guoguang, Yang was able to utilise his direct connection to his old friend Wu Peifu to enlist some form of support for his campaign against Liu.\n\nAnd yet, it would appear that the Central Government has deemed it unnecessary, or perhaps, is too busy, to aid the Governor in maintaining order. Far more concerned with internal matters following Nanjing's instability, rather than personal loyalty, the Zhili has refused to aid Yang, leaving the Governor to his own fate. With morale already plummeting, few of the common soldiery have hope that they will be able to defy Liu's army in men, or materiel.
Well, at least there are no allies left to betray us...
Xiong Kewu asks for Support
The military clique of Sichuan to the north has collapsed into civil war, with the various warlords of the province turning on each other. While in most cases this would be business as usual in China, the area around Tongren in Guizhou has been \
Send them some troops.
Send them some guns.
This is not worth the cost.
Yunnan Supports Xiong Kewu's Forces
Whilst scarcely a prosperous province, or a particularly stable one at present, the Yunnan Clique still possesses a significant army, and that is a fact that they all too commonly prefer to remind their neighbouring provinces of Guizhou, Guangxi, and Sichuan. Once again, it would appear that Yunnan aims to make a bid within Sichuan local politics, despite their own ruinous internal situation.\n\nHaving marched onwards from Tongren in Guizhou, Xiong Kewu's units have proven stronger and far better equipped than previous intelligence suggested, with many units sporting what would appear to be Yunnanese second-hand rifles. What is perhaps even worse, are the various reports of Dian Army soldiers and officers directly participating in battles and skirmishes. It would appear that once more, the Master of the Eastern Continent has stepped foot within the Red River Basin.
Stop meddling in our affairs!
Liu Xiang's Forces Approach Suining
Reports are coming in that large forces of Liu Xiang's army have managed to march towards Suining at an alarming pace. This crucial location is of great strategic importance due to its proximity to both Xiang's and [ROOT.GetLeader]'s' base of power, serving as the hub of the road network in the southern basin not far from Chongqing.\n\nLiu Cunhou, Yang's temporary ally, has claimed that the city can be defended against the superior numbers of Liu's forces, and that even if spread thin, the alliance's joint fortifications in and around the city will even the odds in its favour.\n\nGuo Rudong, another capable commander of the alliance, has advocated for a more cautious approach to [ROOT.GetLeader], claiming that a strategic withdrawal would allow the alliance's currently thin lines to recuperate, and proceed to fight from a better position in the days following.
Retreat north to Santai and Mianyang.
Evacuate towards Chengdu.
Entrench and attempt a defence.
§POrganising a fighting retreat towards the northern towns of Santai and Mianyang is a safe course of action and almost guaranteed to keep our troops safe, but in doing so we will be handing control over a large part of the Basin to Liu Xiang's forces.§!
§gThe quickest retreat route from Suining heads directly towards our capital of Chengdu, but Xiang has been advancing rapidly into the basin. There might not be enough time to reach Chengdu before Liu Xiang's forces arrive.§!
§cSuining controls a fair bit of road traffic to and from the central Sichuan Basin, but it is also far closer to Liu Xiang's headquarters in Chongqing than our own in Chengdu. Our forces may need to stay dangerously spread out to keep the supply lines open.§!
Flight to the North
After extensive planning and careful preparations, our forces managed to organise and pull off an orderly withdrawal from Suining. Little of military use was left behind as they withdrew to the north, with their numbers were fully intact both in men and equipment. While Liu Xiang now controls the region, the alliance's forces are in a much better position to deal with any future incursions by his forces. The situation may be far from ideal, but opting for the safe alternative has won Governor [ROOT.GetLeader] valuable time and saved many lives.
We got our troops out safely, at least.
Battle in Jianyang
The quickest route was also the most predictable. On their way to Chengdu, the alliance's forces were attacked in their flanks by Liu Xiang's advancing armies. Despite putting up a valiant resistance, the alliance's forces were decimated as they were attacked in the open by Liu Xiang's soldiers. While some forces managed to break out of the dire situation and live on to fight another day, valuable manpower and equipment was lost in the hasty retreat.
This is not good.
Encircled in Suining
Since the order to hold Suining at all costs was issued, a confident Liu Cunhou had his forces dig in and prepare for the inevitable assault. As Liu's forces dug in, the forces of Liu Xiang moved out and encircled the city with their overwhelming advantage in numbers whilst the defenders were none the wiser.\n\nThe battle was traumatically brief as most of the forces of the Armament Department surrendered in droves once realisation had set in that they'd merely dug their own graves around a doomed city, netting Liu Xiang a complete victory. A disgraced Liu Cunhou fled north to the Zhili, narrowly escaping capture himself after this strategic blunder.
Disaster!
Neijiang Under Assault
Liu Xiang's and Yang Sen's forces have been engaged in heavy fighting over the river crossings around Neijiang as of recent. The river crossings are of huge strategic importance as whomever is in control of them effectively controls the gateways into the Sichuan basin. These battles have raged on since the outbreak of hostilities, but it seems to appear as if Liu Xiang has begun preparations to launch a final push to seize the bridgeheads.\n\nWhilst outnumbered, [ROOT.GetLeader] has been advised of the opportunity to funnel Liu Xiang's forces into well-prepared defences along the aforementioned bridgeheads, where it is hoped that their numbers will be cut down, although it'd certainly be a costly victory if we aim to hold off the entire might of his forces.\n\nRather ingeniously put forward by Xia Jiong, the alliance could have its engineers rig the bridgeheads to blow and trap Liu Xiang's forces. Doing so would prove costly in the long term however, as the strategic infrastructure of the region would be left in tatters.
Defend the bridgeheads at all costs!
Let them cross, then blow the bridges.
§gNeijiang controls some of the largest crossings and would be well positioned to attack Liu Xiang's flanks if it is held. However, the attacks by Liu Xiang's forces become more intense by the day. If this trend continues, our defenders may be overrun.§!
§PUsing timed explosives on the bridges, we can draw a fair amount of Liu Xiang's soldiers into becoming trapped on our side of the Tuo River and the lack of bridges will make its capture useless for Liu. It will also become useless to us, unfortunately.§!
Neijiang Overrun By Enemy Forces
[ROOT.GetLeader]'s soldiers and engineers have spent day and night preparing the defences of the bridgeheads around Neijiang. Trenches were dug, sandbags and barbed wire was put in place, and machine guns and mortars were positioned into effective kill zones for anyone daring to approach them. The first waves of attackers were cut down en masse, but as the hours turned into days and the relentless assaults refused to let up, the forces of [ROOT.GetLeader]'s alliance began to run low on ammunition, equipment, and soldiers in face of this overwhelming attack. Progressively, positions were overrun, and much of the Armament Department's best soldiers were lost in the brutal assault.
The Armament Department can't stand much more of this!
Battle of the Bridges
Last night, and under cover of darkness, [ROOT.GetLeader]'s engineers placed dynamite along key support structures of the bridgeheads around Neijiang. The following morning, [ROOT.GetLeader]'s' forces feigned a withdrawal from the bridges and as expected. Liu Xiang's opposing commanding officer took the bait. As the army columns crossed to the other side, the explosives were triggered. Anyone that had made it to the other side was caught in an ambush as [ROOT.GetLeader]'s' forces emerged, surrendering in droves amidst the panic and confusion that ensued. Anyone remaining on the other side simply watched on helplessly as their comrades-in-arms were overrun, crushing their morale. Despite the cost of the bridgeheads, a fantastic victory has been won for [ROOT.GetLeader].
A victory at last!
Deng Xihou Takes Chengdu
Hammered by blow after blow, both Yang Sen's and Liu Cunhou's forces have been brought to the brink of a complete collapse. To pre-empt the coming catastrophe, Baoding troops under control of general Deng Xihou have entered Chengdu. With Yang's forces utterly bloodied and demoralised by their repeated setbacks, it was effectively a bloodless coup as Yang's rule was brought to an end with but a whimper. Following the seizure of Chengdu, the Baoding Department seized full control of the surrounding counties, and the last few forces loyal to Yang either deserted or joined Deng's side. With the situation remaining as dire as ever, it now falls upon the Baoding Department to conclude what Governor Yang Sen, and General Liu Cunhou could not.
We are Sichuan's last stand.
The Siege of Chengdu
Early in the morning, the formations of Liu Xiang's army finally arrived near Chengdu for what he hoped would be the final battle of his campaign. It very well could be, but it's a high stakes gamble, to say the least, because at this important juncture, the majority of his armies have begun to tire from weeks of marching and fighting.\n\nThe city itself is surrounded by channels derived from Dujiangyan's levees upriver and fortified by walls dating back to the late Qing era, before the Xinhai Revolution. Old as they might be and built before the time of modern artillery, the walls still stretch nearly seven miles around the city and stand at over thirty feet in height. Effectively they form a mighty citadel, that has stood the test of time, which makes it a daunting task for any attacking army to breach.\n\nKnowing that a head-on assault would cause ruin to the Chongqing army, Liu has instead opted to lay siege to Chengdu. Sporadic shelling has been exchanged between both forces all morning, but it's clear that Liu Xiang's troops have no hopes of breaching the defences anytime soon and have thus dug in for a long siege. Whilst [ROOT.GetLeader]'s' defences stand for now, the city will be his grave if he simply waits behind its walls.\n\nSwift action must be taken, and already the command staff is at work attempting to present various disparate plans for a counterattack to relieve the siege. Albeit many fear within the command headquarters that the infighting will prove to be Chengdu's demise.
Sichuan's fate hangs in the balance.
Choosing a Plan of Attack
Liu Xiang's forces have advanced on Chengdu from the east and south and have begun to subject the city to a thorough siege. Utterly poignant in the air is the fact that all will be lost if [ROOT.GetLeader] does not act fast and mount a relief effort to break the siege. His military leaders all know that they simply can't wait this one out and that offence is the only defence in this situation.\n\nOne such plan proposed by [ROOT.GetLeader]'s commanders is to take advantage of their thin spread around the city to try and cut off and encircle Liu Xiang's forces in a bold offensive strike against Jianyang. In doing so, it is hoped that they can force the surrender of his main force, especially his prized engineer units.\n\nOn the other hand, with most of their experienced forces committed to the siege, other members of his high command believe that they should cut the head of the snake by attacking Chongqing outright. The city should be lightly defended by Xiang's reserve units under mayor Pan Wenhua and its capture would massively disorganise Liu's efforts due to the city's vital infrastructure.\n\nFinally, there are the officers in [ROOT.GetLeader]'s ranks that warn him against putting all of his eggs into one basket, urging him instead to split up his forces and attack both targets at once, negating their chances to reinforce their objectives.\n\nThe only thing the high commands seem to agree on is that whatever course of action is pursued must be considered carefully as there is no room for mistakes.
Move towards Jianyang to encircle his forces.
Move towards Chongqing, it will be weakly defended.
Split the forces into two groups and engage in a two-pronged offensive.
§lLiu Xiang's best forces are concentrated around Chengdu due to the ongoing siege and our forces may be able to cut off Xiang's supply lines by taking the nearby town of Jianyang. We will need all our available forces for this course of action, which will leave the south unattended, possibly giving the Officer Department an opening.§!
§PThe continuing control of Chongqing is absolutely vital for Liu's war effort and its capture would be a deathly blow to his cause. On the other hand, Pan Wenhua commands a sizeable garrison in the city. Should we fail to quickly overwhelm the city's defences, we risk being caught in a pincer movement between the garrison and any troops Liu Xiang sends to counter our advance.§!
§gSplitting our forces into two attack groups will prevent Xiang and Wenhua from reinforcing each other, but this means our army will need to fight most of Liu Xiang's Army at once. Liu Xiang's forces are strong and our army might not be up to the task.§!
Yang Sen's Gambit
Having over-extended themselves, the most experienced forces under Liu Xiang were committed to the siege of [ROOT.GetLeader]'s capital while the flanks and rear were guarded by a fresh conscripts from their reserve. Moving swiftly, his forces managed to sweep away Liu's thinly spread rear guard detachments. Their superior numbers were spent trying to encircle Chengdu and now they have been cut off absolutely, stuck between [ROOT.GetLeader]'s' main force and the relatively intact Chengdu garrison.
Don't let them escape!
The Tides Turn
Liu Xiang's forces put themselves in a precarious position by committing their most experienced soldiers against the Chengdu defences in an all-or-nothing bid to knock [ROOT.GetLeader] out of the war. After cutting off Liu Xiang's main forces, a swift battle followed between [ROOT.GetLeader]'s' forces and the trapped vanguard of Liu Xiang's army, now desperately attempting to break out of the encirclement. With nowhere to retreat and no hope to be rescued, it wasn't long before morale and unit cohesion broke down within their ranks, leading to their surrender in droves.\n\nWith Chengdu safe, [ROOT.GetLeader] has been tasked with pressing the initiative directly into the enemy's heartland!
Onwards now, to Chongqing!
Federalists Forces Invade Sichuan
With Liu Xiang's forces in disarray, Xiong Kewu's allied forces led by Yu Jitang have also crossed into Sichuan from Tongren in Guizhou and have started occupying counties. While in normal times such an attack would not be a major threat, the continued existence of units in Chongqing Garrison formerly under Liu Xiang's control, and more worringly, swirling rumors about contact between the Garrison, Xiong Kewu's Forces, and the Officer Department, have caused worries of an unholy alliance between the three to oppose Yang Sen.
Wait, what?
Liu's Army Crumbles
Having gambled big on a quick victory and losing it all, Liu Xiang's overstretched, exposed, and exhausted vanguard of his army has been utterly routed after weeks of fighting with little regard for losses. Liu Xiang now gazes upon utter defeat at the front and treachery in the rear. Demoralised from their many setbacks, and with their vital stronghold of Chongqing lost, the remaining troops of his have begun to desert and defect en masse. Meanwhile, Liu Xiang is nowhere to be found, presumably having fled Sichuan like a coward rather than sharing the fate of his soldiers. With only token resistance remaining from this once formidable force, it is only a matter of time before they surrender completely.
About time!
The Anti-Yang Sen Alliance
Treachery and circumstance are too frequent within the Red River Basin, and despite Liu Xiang's utter defeat, the province is far, far from united. With rumours circulating all-around Sichuan about an alliance to keep Governor Yang Sen in-check, it would appear they have to come to fruition. It would appear that an unholy alliance has been brokered to defeat the incumbent Governor once and for-all.\n\nCounting the remnants of Liu Xiang's forces, the invading army of Xiong Kewu, and the opportunistic Officer Department of Li Jiayu, they have proven themselves almost strong enough to contend with the recently victorious forces of Yang Sen's Alliance, and thus, it would appear that Sichuan enters into a new phase of civil war.
We beat them before and we'll do it again!
Clashes in Ziliujing
Despite the alliance between Officers and Federalists, all is not lost. As the two forces have yet to link up, Yang Sen still maintains the initiative in the conflict. United, they're a potent force. Alone, many of their units, Xiong Kewu's in particular, are ragtag militia and conscripts against a veteran army, exhausted as it may be. Any clever general would use this opportunity to strike while they're still divided, and despite only seeing small skirmishes in the area so far, a big battle between the three forces is inevitable.\n\n[ROOT.GetLeader]'s forces in the area are led by Xia Jiong, a close confidant of Yang sen. The forces he commands are mostly veterans with several victories to their credit and a fair amount of heavy equipment still intact. His enemies constitute a force of equally veteran, but poorly equipped, Federalist forces led by Yu Jitang, and Chongqing forces being led by Wang Lingji. All other things considered, both should not be underestimated. Where the battle takes place is of Xia's choosing - the area around Ziliujing is a mix of hills and plains with plenty of forests.
Seize Ziliujing and use it as a strong point.
Attack the Chongqing forces before they link up.
Feign an attack, then withdraw to flush out Yu Jitang.
§lZiliujing is likely to be the point where the enemy intends to link up before heading to Chengdu. We'll take the city and turn it into a defensive strongpoint. They'll have to take the city to link up, or expose their flanks to our inevitable attack from this position.§!
§lThe biggest threat is without a doubt the Chongqing garrison, favouring an aggressive offense, Xia Jiong will attack their forces headfirst before they could link up.§!
§PThe Federalist forces might be fresh but many of them lack experience and are poorly led - focusing the attack on them should give Xia Jiong the initiative and space to flank the Chongqing Garrison forces.§!
The Tongnan Assault
Deeming the Chongqing force to be the easier foe to best on its own, Xia Jiong ordered his tired but determined forces eastwards to strike at them first, hoping to crush them before they could link up with the Federalist forces. While not a pushover by any estimate, it's still a fact that Liu Xiang's military defeats had spent most of his best soldiers and equipment. The Garrison's forces were lighter equipped, particularly with artillery. The fate of this gamble would be decided outside of Tongnan, a town northwest of Chongqing.\n\nWhen the two armies made contact, it was made clear that an attack by the rash Xia Jiong had been expected, and the Chongqing Garrison had been preparing to hold its ground. Despite thrusting their all into battle, Xia Jiong's Forces were badly mauled before managing to unseat the Chongqing forces from their defensive position. However the cost of victory has been great, and the forces of the Officer Department have manoeuvred to the direction of Chengdu whilst federalist forces have prepared themselves to confront the worn out remnants of Xia Jiong's army.
This is a catastrophe!
Stalemate in Ziliujing
As expected, the capture of Ziliujing itself was the easy part and holding it wouldn't be a significant challenge either. In doing so and relying on a mix of static and elastic defences against what turned out to be a very mobile and aggressive force, however, the clash around Ziliujing soon turned into a cage for its conquerors.\n\nRather than taking the bait, the Federalist forces knew that attacking such an obvious strongpoint would be a disaster and relied upon hit-and-run tactics instead. In choosing to rely on a strong defence rather than a mobile offence, Xia Jiong ceded the initiative to his enemies. After a few days of sporadic fighting with light losses on both sides, Wang Lingji's Chongqing reserve arrived to relieve Yu Jitang's forces. Now, the veteran Federalists were backed up by the remaining might of Liu Xiang's army with its heavy equipment. The fort thus became a trap as the artillery of Wang Lingji was now raining upon its walls, restricting the movements of its defenders. While the city itself was safe due to neither side wanting to risk the lives of its inhabitants, any attempt to move out would lead to large losses for Xia's forces. While portions of Wang Lingji's and Yu Jitangs's forces remain committed in Ziliujing, a large detachment has been sent moving towards Chengdu on the now open road, recruiting resentful civilians and deserters from Liu Xiang's old army alike as they go. With every step they take, they grow stronger while [ROOT.GetLeader] weakens behind his walls.\n\nDespite Xia's forces being tied down, he has already made plans for a safe withdrawal and should be able to make it out with most of his forces intact. The bad news is, by the time he does, it's doubtful whether there's still a Chengdu for him to relieve.
His army may be safe. Chengdu is not...
The Fall of Chengdu
After numerous battles, a costly siege, and being called upon to aid in the attack on Ziliujing, Chengdu's garrison has become a shadow of what it once was. Unwilling to endure another siege with absolutely no hope of relief, the garrison simply raised a white flag over the city's main gates rather than subjecting the city's people and historical legacy to needless death and destruction. Though the mighty walls of the city remain unbroken, the same cannot be said for the will to fight among those behind them. Chengdu is now under the control of the Officer Department and thus seems to end Sichuan's latest round of civil war. The victorious forces rejoice, celebrating in the mostly empty streets of the ancient city. Its inhabitants remain indoors, and at this point most are just relieved that the war is over.
The Young Officers have won the day.
The Federalist Route
Having been out of fighting beyond a myriad of skirmishes over the years, few were truly aware of the capabilities of Xiong Kewu's forces. Operating in similar areas as the East Sichuan Insurgents, or that of Lü Chao's Industrial Corps, Xia Jiong opted to treat his opponent similar to his contemporaries, drawing them out into open conflict. To aide him was that of Yu Jitang's relative lack of experience, as Xiong's more skilled officers had been dispatched elsewhere.\n\nThe plan was risky, but Xia is a man known for his preference for action, and that sacrifices are unavoidable. His main force was to remain concentrated in the rear, with a few forward detachments being sent out as bait for the Federalist army to take. Throughout the morning, Yu Jitang's forces made probing attacks against their enemies. While unsuccessful at first, eventually Yu Jitang concluded that these forward forces were likely to be the only Accelerated Department forces in the area, as they had received no reinforcements, nor withdrawn and reported his activities. Once realising Yu's forces switched towards a full-frontal assault, Xia's forward detachments were swift to withdraw as overwhelming numbers headed their way. Losses weren't light, but enough of them managed to return to friendly lines.\n\nPressing the advantage, Yu's forces caught up with the retreating forces, but were hammered by the artillery and machine gun emplacements that the Accelerated Department had set up. The trap had sprung, but now they had the unenviable task of trying to conclude their trap. Jitang's forces lacked heavy equipment, but they were still a formidable force led by morale and perseverance. By the end of the first day the Federalists withdrew, hoping to draw the enemy out into a more favourable position. When Xia Jiong held his forces in place rather than fall for his own trick, the assaults continued well into the next day. All the while, the forces from the Chongqing Garrison failed to provide support, as their heavy equipment meant that it'd be at least half a week before they could make contact with the two fighting generals.\n\nAfter days of fighting, Yu Jitang had taken crippling losses and was forced to withdraw to regroup and recover. Once Wang Lingji received word that the force he was supposed to link up with was beaten in battle, he decided to turn around back towards Chongqing. The gambit was costly, but it'd won the day for the Accelerated Department, and the road to Chongqing was now open.
A dangerous gamble has won the day.
The Fall of Chongqing
Following a short seige, the heart of what formed Liu Xiang's clique had been overrun by [ROOT.GetLeader]'s' determined soldiers. Despite being heavily depleted from the brutal civil war, the ancient city's small garrison under command of Wang Lingji offered stiff - albeit futile - resistance as Xia Jiong's troops cleared them out street by street in the days that followed. After several days of fighting, the Upper City finally fell and with it the city's industries. The fighting did, however, leave parts of the city in ruins, including many of its factories and critical infrastructure.\n\nWith any hopes of victory lost, along with their erstwhile alliance, most of the remaining Officer Department troops have begun to retreat back to their holdings. The war is finally over, and Yang Sen has retained control of Sichuan.
We are victorious.
Chongqing Under Assault
The war had started to take a toll on Yang Sen's forces. As they approached Chongqing, the veterans of this force were both eager to finally stand at the brink of victory, but also well-aware of the fact that they were about to take on the difficult task that laid ahead. They were to seize not only the enemy's final stronghold, but also take on one of China's major industrial hubs. A battle for this city would surely be difficult as each of the mighty factories of the city could easily be turned into a fortress for any defender.\n\nWhile time is of the essence, a head-on assault is a very difficult task. The hilly areas around the city could provide [ROOT.GetLeader]'s forces with excellent positions for spotting and to place their artillery, giving them a tremendous strategic advantage going in. Some commanders on the ground are suggesting that the time it would take to secure those positions to take advantage of them is time that we simply do not have, preferring a swift assault against the battered remnants of Liu Xiang's forces instead.
Take up positions in the hills before attacking.
Assault the city, we have little time!
§POur officers on the ground are insisting that we should take the hills and use them to our advantage. It could save a lot of lives and provide a big strategic advantage in the battle ahead, both against Chongqing and our pursuers. It is, however, time-consuming and will spread our forces thin.§!
§gOur generals are insisting that they have the numbers to take the city in a head-on assault. With every minute wasted allowing the enemy to entrench further while a second army approaches their flanks, this call for an all-out assault is hardly without merit.§!
Defeat in Chongqing
Faced with only difficult options, a direct assault against the under-equipped garrison seemed like the most likely to succeed. Wasting no time, the forces charged under cover of artillery fire as they stormed the trenches surrounding the city. After hours of fighting, the Armament Department had seized these positions, albeit at a heavy cost in lives. The rushed deployment also meant that the inaccurate artillery had a fairly limited effect on the field. Worse yet, once the trenches were taken it was clear that Pan Wenhua had managed to gradually withdraw his forces as the attackers made progress. He was gambling for an effective delaying operation, and it was working.\n\nAs running into the city at night would be a disorganised suicide, the Armament Department could only wait in the ancient city's outskirts for daybreak while Pan Wenhua rushed to prepare new defences inside the city itself and have the civilians evacuate towards the inner sections of Chongqing. Once daybreak came, every factory and every government facility had been turned into a makeshift fort. Progress was slow, and the Armament Department soon became bogged down in street fighting. After a second night with little progress, the situation grew desperate as the enemy's reinforcement were rapidly approaching. Knowing that they'd be destroyed if caught between the two armies, the next day saw no fighting. Instead, a few soldiers were sent with a white flag to discuss their surrender. It was accepted by Pan Wenhua shortly thereafter, ending the brief battle for Chongqing with a catastrophe for the Armament Department.\n\nIn the end, the attacking force became prisoners of war and with some of the most experienced soldiers wiped from their order of battle, it's now very unlikely for the Armament Department to be able to recover. Already word of this defeat is spreading among the people, despite the best effort of the censors in Chengdu. To say that their will to resist Liu Xiang has diminished would be an understatement.
It's all over now...
The Fall of Chongqing
Moving in at night, the hills were taken with relative ease. The Chongqing garrison had evidently focused its defences on the city itself in an all-or-nothing approach, likely because Pan Wenhua hardly has soldiers to spare either. Before dawn, [ROOT.GetLeader]'s engineers had established positions on the hills followed by the arrival of light artillery and observers under the cover of darkness. Once daybreak came, his soldiers were able to launch their assault on the city with the enemy forces still far behind them. Their charge was initiated by a barrage that was as accurate as it was devastating against the entrenchments of the defenders, and soon the fighting for the city itself raged.\n\nDespite the odds, the heart of Liu Xiang's faction was soon being overrun by Yang's forces. In the hours that followed, the ancient city's small garrison offered disorganised resistance as the Armament Department followed the Accelerated department in clearing them out street by street. The swiftness of the assault and ferocity of the bombardment had crushed Wenhua's plans of gradually falling back into the city, and now his forces were being mopped up at a rapid pace. Before long, the city and its mighty industries finally fell. The fighting did, however, leave parts of the city in ruins, including many of its factories and critical infrastructure. Once the dust settled, Pan Wenhua was nowhere to be found. He's presumed to either killed in the battle for the city, or having fled long ago.\n\nThe city had fallen so quickly that the forces sent to relieve it had no idea of its fate. Thus, they were greeted by shelling from the mountains and fire from the city's outskirts as they approached. Realising quickly they were too late as they saw the banners of the Armament Department flying over the city, they were quick to raise a white flag. Their surrender was accepted without further bloodshed, and their capture now means that the Liu's forces are no longer a factor.
A great victory!
Liu Xiang's forces Begin to Disintegrate
Liu Xiang gambled big on a quick victory and lost it all. Overstretched, exposed and exhausted from weeks of fighting with little regard for losses, the vanguard of his forces has been utterly routed. Xiang now faces utter defeat at the front and attacks from his rear. Demoralised from their many setbacks and with their vital stronghold of Chongqing lost, his troops have begun to throw away their guns and uniforms, hoping to escape into the countryside as civilians. With only token resistance remaining from this once formidable force, it is only a matter of time before they surrender completely.
About time!
Liu Xiang Escapes
Reports are coming in from Chongqing that Liu Xiang has abandoned his own soldiers and fled Sichuan. With the head of the snake cut off, what remained of his forces has ceased all resistance, either defecting to [ROOT.GetLeader]'s forces or deserting altogether. The war is over and Yang Sen has retained control of Sichuan.
We are victorious.
Defeat in Detail
In a daring all-or-nothing gamble, [ROOT.GetLeader] split the bulk of his remaining army south of Chengdu and had them attack the cities of Jianyang and Chongqing at once. With most of Liu Xiang's forces tied down in a lengthy siege, his armies could attack in both locations and still outnumber the overstretched enemy. Two large armies on the march are impossible to conceal, however, and neither force would ever reach their destinations before word of the Governor's intentions reached the enemy.\n\nSeizing the initiative, Liu Xiang was quick to divert his forces at once, leaving behind a token force to make sure that the Chengdu garrison remains tied down. As his plan hinged on the enemy being committed to the siege, the moment Liu Xiang's forces were on the move, [ROOT.GetLeader]'s forces were fighting time itself as fiercely as they were fighting scouts and local militias from Liu Xiang's forces. They were, however, oblivious to this fact before it was too late. The infrastructure in Sichuan was poor before the war and by this point [ROOT.GetLeader]'s army was marching through broken roads with radio communications being all but non-existent. The two armies didn't realise they were being chased before Liu Xiang's forces attacked them from behind.\n\nThe plan had no room for error and once the two halves of the army were attacked in their rears and flanks any semblance of cohesion quickly broke down as they scrambled to assume defensive positions. The losses on [ROOT.GetLeader]'s side had been crippling, however, and his forces had barely been able to begin entrenching before the final nail in the coffin was hammered in with the arrival of the Chongqing garrison's forces under the capable command of Wang Lingji. Hopelessly outnumbered, attacked on all sides and without any chance of survival, many soldiers surrendered or defected to the enemy. The battle has been lost and with it likely the war as well.
We have gambled and consequently failed.
The Surrender of Chengdu
Over the past few days nothing but bad news had reached the commanders in Chengdu and even with the army's censorship it was clear to everyone within the city that things were not going well beyond those tall walls. As the increasingly meagre rations were being handed out around noon, the city's lookouts were treated to an unpleasant surprise.\n\nMarching towards the city were thousands of soldiers wearing the uniforms of the Armament Department, followed closely by the forces of Liu Xiang. The bulk of this force stopped not far from the city's walls, with only a flatbed truck narrowing the gap between the besieging army and the city's walls. The truck wasn't loaded with enemy troops or bombs, but instead the vehicle was full of high-ranking officers from the Armament Department. One officer picked up a megaphone with shaky hands and as the man's identity dawned on the garrison, he started to address the soldiers manning the walls. Wang Lingji told them that they were all that remained of the relief force, that their armies were broken and that their so-called leaders had fled towards Beijing. But have no fear, he insisted, because Liu Xiang had been gracious enough to spare both them and the city if they surrendered.\n\nThe answer didn't let itself wait for too long. The commanders in charge of the garrison knew that with morale being as low as it was, once news got out that the entire Armament Department army had been crushed they'd surely have an insurrection on his hands. The tall walls of Chengdu still stood and the siege ended not with a bang, but with a white flag being raised above the now open city gates.
The Fall of Chengdu
As the days went on, with no relief reaching the city, Liu Xiang's engineers were slowly but surely able to map out the weak points of the Qing-era defences around the city. Every night they toiled to dig beneath the city's walls and plant explosives in key locations. Just over a month into the siege, these explosively finally went off before the sun had risen. The massive explosions quickly caused large breaches in the walls, with the falling debris blocking some of the Dujiangyan levees that surrounded the city. In an instant, the walls that had stood for so long crumbled like dust with dozens of the city's defenders passing away in the initial explosions. This marked the final assault on Chengdu and it'd be a long and difficult battle for the large city.\n\nDespite the collapse of the walls and the capture of the East Gate, the garrison still put up stiff resistance against the attacking forces. Putting their knowledge of the city's layout to good use, the defences that the Chengdu garrison and drafted civilians had built within the city proved difficult to overcome even for the massively superior attacking force. Wherever they went, they were greeted by machine guns, snipers, mines and ambushing infantry. Though the garrison fought valiantly, it was all for naught. By the end of the first day, a sort of calm was brought in by the night with a third of the city having fallen. Liu Xiang's forces regrouped and in the morning they attacked the city's centre. Low on men and ammunition though, the half-starved defenders could only hold out for a few hours before they were forced to surrender the city hall to the advancing Accelerated Department. This marked the complete collapse of the city's defence with any remaining forces quickly surrendering. By the evening, Chengdu finally fell silent, a silence that would soon be broken by the cheers of the victorious Accelerated Department and its soldiers.\n\nAlthough he'd paid a high price for it, Liu Xiang's gamble for control over Sichuan had paid off.
An end to the war.
Mobilising the Xikang Troops
Although Chengdu is now under Baoding control, the fate of the war itself still hangs in the balance and the Baoding Department must work together to prevail. General Deng Xihou is well aware of this and has sent a general mobilisation order to the Baoding troops, down to the last reserves. Our main forces outside the area around Chengdu are the well-trained mountaineer forces under general Liu Wenhui's command, currently based in the western region of Xikang. He has received a letter from Xihou, which tells him to...
... reinforce the garrison in Chengdu.
... move east towards Luzhou and Chongqing.
§WSending the troops towards Jianyang would allow us to cut off Liu Xiang's supply lines from Chongqing, but it is also an obvious move. If he manages to anticipate our plan, he will surely attempt to stop our forces from reaching each other.§!
§WWith Liu Xiang's forces concentrated around Chengdu, the southern region of Sichuan along the Yangtze River should be lightly defended. A mobile offensive following the river towards the crossing at Luzhou should be able to overwhelm any resistance and reach Chongqing, but Liu Xiang will eventually deduce what we are truly planning. If our forces are not strong enough to quickly capture Chongqing, we risk being caught in a pincer movement and encircled.§!
Guanxian Under Heavy Attack
Liu Xiang has a history of cunning boldness and this time it is no different. He appears to have correctly deduced Baoding's planned troop movements and has ordered a detachment of his forces currently besieging Chengdu to move towards Deng Xihou's former capital in Guanxian, to the north of Chengdu, now commanded by his loyal subordinate Huang Yin. It is imperative that the city does not fall, lest Baoding's forces be cut into two separate groups and face the same fate as Yang Sen's forces did earlier in the war. Faced with a difficult decision, general Huang Yin ultimately chooses to...
... prepare an attack on the enemy camps, in the dark of night.
... entrench and fortify the positions around the Er Wang Temple.
... block the Baopingkou Channel, diverting its flow into the enemy camps.
§cRather than face the full force of Liu Xiang's army on terms of his choosing, we can negate the enemy's advantage in numbers with a well-planned night attack against their encampments around Guanxian. It'll cause disarray among their ranks and blunt any future attacks.§!
§gInstead of taking unnecessary risks, we'll use what little time we have to create a strong defensive perimeter around the most defensible location in the region. By turning it into a mighty fortress, Xiang will have to pay dearly for every inch he tries to take.§!
§cWith the enemy's advantage in numbers and firepower, some commanders are suggesting that our opening barrage should not be with guns, but to instead have the channel's water sweep away their positions before we attack. The flooding risks, however, damaging the surrounding areas.§!
The Defence of Guanxian
Huang Yin had little time to prepare and even less to manoeuvre - though that did not seem to alarm the vetern commander. Believing that a cunning offence would be the best defence, he had planned for a string of night-time attacks against the enemy, with his forces' eventual withdrawal being backed by artillery barrages against the enemy's encampments. After forcing Liu's hand in a state of disarray, the first waves of his forces would be smashed by a mix of rear-guard actions and defensive artillery, with a series of infantry counter-attacks aimed at breaking up the exhausted attackers and force the Accelerated Department forces to retreat.\n\nAlthough the night-time raid was a success that disrupted Liu Xiang's planned offensive, the battle for Guanxian itself raged on for days. Most plans do not survive first contact with the enemy and this did not either. Both Liu Xiang's and Huang Yin's forces had their successes and setbacks as ground around the city was traded between the two. However any breakthrough that made by Liu Xiang's forces was swiftly met by a counter-attack or artillery barrage. After three days of fighting, Huang Yin's forces had been badly damaged, but the Accelerated Department were also badly bloodied to the point where they called off any further attacks, opting instead to regroup to fight again another day. Though the battle may be recorded as a draw by the history books, it's a strategic victory that has prevented our enemy from advancing to the south against Liu Wenhui.
The Baopingkou Floods
At the orders of Huang Yin, military engineers set out to not build defences, but to block the Baopingkou Channel in a way that'd cause a controlled flooding, one that wouldn't affect the Baoding positions and causes as little civilian damage as possible. The goal was to flood Liu Xiang's forces and turn their encampments into a swamp. The military engineers worked hard to make sure that the damages to the Dujiangyan systems and the surrounding areas would be limited. Realising that they were short on time however, they could only hope to mitigate the destruction at best.\n\nOnce the preparations were made, the channels were blockaded with wooden slabs and from there it didn't take long for the surrounding levees to overflow away from their determined paths, straight into the encampments of the Accelerated Department. Many soldiers were rudely awakened as their tents offered absolutely no protection against the rising waters that slowly turned the grounds into a soggy swampland. Cases of guns were drenched and the ground that many artillery pieces stood upon quickly turned into a soft mud that slowly swallowed the larger guns. A hasty retreat followed with the troops trying to save as much of their equipment as possible from the rising water. Needless to say, their abandoned equipment and positions are as useless to Baoding as it is to them, but they certainly won't be able to mount an offensive now.\n\nAlthough a military victory, reports are coming in that despite our best efforts the damage to the Dujiangyan system has been considerable and that the floods have washed away many nearby crops. However, Baoding managed to win the initiative in the war without losing a single soldier, and only they can deem if the risk was worth it.
They shall not pass!
Guanxian Defences Collapse
Despite the strong defences set up by Huang Yin and various rear-guard actions taken against the enemy, the overwhelming numbers of the enemy and the strategic skills of Liu Xiang proved too much for Yin's forces to handle. Although the Accelerated Department paid a heavy price for their victory thanks in no small part to the many artillery kill zones set up beforehand, by the third day they'd broken through the defences through a mix of ruthless aggressiveness and discipline. A series of counter-attacks were mounted in an attempt to retake Huang Yin's defensive positions, but it was all for naught in the end and the banner of the Accelerated Department soon flew over the Er Wang Temple.\n\nHumbled by this defeat, the Baoding troops were forced to retreat further and further west. While a last-ditch defence of the Dujiangyan crossings has prevented a rout and allowed most troops to escape to Pixian to the southeast, Huang Yin's troops are now spread out defending the levees and will not be unable to reach Chengdu or Meishan in time to join Liu Wenhui's forces. They're now on their own and must do their best to defend against the Accelerated Department's southward thrust.
Good, but bad.
Reckoning in Meishan
With Baoding's success in Guanxian preventing the Accelerated Department from moving to the south as planned, Liu Wenhui's troops were able to reach Meishan without further interference by Industrial forces. They are currently crossing the Min River to link up with the main force in Chengdu and Deng's triumphant reserves in Guanxian. With Baoding's armies finally linked up, they will be able to finally bring an end to the traitor Liu Xiang and end this war.
With the collapse of Baoding positions around Guanxian despite Huang Yin's valiant efforts, the Accelerated force's northern flank is now secure. Wasting no time, Liu Xiang has ordered his triumphant forces to advance south-west towards the Min River crossings. The arriving Xikang forces have found themselves facing an entrenched enemy across one of Sichuan's larger rivers. Unwilling to throw away his soldiers in a futile attack, Liu Wenhui has halted the planned offensive.\n\nBoth camps eye each other across the river, with only sporadic skirmishes and sniper fire being exchanged between the two sides. Both consider a river crossing to be suicide, a fact that spells doom for Baoding and success for its foes. With any attempt at relief being halted at the river, Chengdu has been cut off. We can only pray that its defenders pull off a miracle.
Finally!
It's all over now...
The Battle of Longquanyi
Liu Xiang knew that he was making a risky gamble when he laid siege to Chengdu, but he is still a skilled enough general to see a trap coming. Beginning to take measures to fortify his now exposed positions, short of breaking the siege and retreating to Chongqing, this is the only card he seemed willing to able to play. And the defenders have taken clear notice. The resulting simultaneous movements led to both forces trying to outmanoeuvre each other, eventually leading to them crashing into each other in the village of Longquanyi, southeast of Chengdu.\n\nWhat started out as a small skirmish between scout detachments soon escalated into a full-blown battle. While Liu Xiang had the upper hand initially thanks to his own skill and his vast numbers, a determined defence of the countryside and the good coordination between [ROOT.GetLeader]'s commanders allowed his reinforcements from Chengdu and Guanxian to arrive in time to reinforce his positions and deal a decisive blow to the enemy forces. With the bulk of his forces broken, the only cohesive force that remains of the once mighty Accelerated Department outside of Chongqing is the token besieging force left around Chengdu, now trapped between [ROOT.GetLeader]'s vast armies and the walls of the city. Rumour has it that the Accelerated Department's organisation has begun falling apart after this devastating defeat.
This is the end for you, Liu Xiang!
Liu Xiang Disappears
It seems that Liu Xiang's luck finally ran out. After the debacle in Longquanyi and the severe defeat his forces suffered there, the once mighty warlord of Chongqing has seemingly vanished. It is unknown at this point if he died in the field, or simply fled from Sichuan altogether once his defeat became inevitable. Whatever the case may be, the fact that he's gone has sent shockwaves throughout the region, not least among the ranks of his army, now a demoralised shell of its former self.
A fitting end.
Federalist Forces Invade from Tongren
With Liu Xiang's forces in disarray, Xiong Kewu's forces, led by Yu Jitang, have crossed the Provincial border from Tongren in Guizhou and have started occupying counties in Sichuan. While in normal times such an attack would not be a major threat, the continued existence of units in Chongqing Garrison formerly under Liu Xiang's control, and more worringly, swirling rumors about contact between the Garrison, Xiong Kewu's Forces, and the Officer Department, have caused worries of an unholy alliance between the three to oppose Yang Sen.
Wait, what?
The Anti-Yang Sen Coalition
With the recent Federalist invasion of Sichuan from Guizhou coinciding with general chaos all-throughout the province, few look towards Governor Yang Sen as anything but a failure. A womaniser to some, an incalculable patrician to others, and even a despotic moderniser to even further groups, Yang's grip on the province is nigh nonexistant, beyond direct spheres of his Accelerated Department's control. And his weakness yet simultaneously rebounding strength is evident, not only to his allies in Armament, but to his enemies.\n\nRecently, convening a meeting in-secret, a large-scale alliance has formed within the Sichuan Conflict, one that is not particularly rare, positioning itself on the basis of fighting against Yang Sen's recovered strength. Formed in conjunction with the Baoding Department, Federalists, Officers Department, remnants of Liu Xiang's Accelerated Department, and many minor groups, it would appear that Yang Sen has been outmatched.\n\nWhilst the Anti-Yang Sen Coalition is far from able to truly push out the incumbent Governor, it has brought the conflict to a night stalemate, and many believe that Governor Yang will simply be forced out by circumstance, rather than by the bullet.
And they presume themselves to force a peace?
An Uneasy Peace
Despite all bids and gambits for a brutal resolution to Sichuan's Civil War, it would appear that the conflict has surprised both observers and participants with what seemingly appears to be a Modus Vivendi. Following the Anti-Yang Sen alliance between the Officers Department, Baoding Department, remnants of Liu Xiang's Accelerated Department, and many other minor groups, the Zhili-backed Governor has seemingly been ousted by his own former allies. With the Armament Department unwilling to back Yang's own Accelerated Department, the Governor has been forced out, not from Chengdu, but from office.\n\nRetaining the largest military force within the province, and backed by significant control of its territory, the Baoding Department has managed to assert itself ontop of all of the other minor cliques to become the seeming rulers of Sichuan. Whilst minorly contested on all sides, none of the opposition seems to have the strength to truly oppose Baoding alone, nor the capabilities to cast away their animosity for each other.\n\nAssuming the position of \
And so Sichuan settles... without a final bullet.
The Race for Chongqing
After the last battle, time is of the essence. With little time to spare and no room for error, Liu Wenhui is scrambling his forces for a quick and decisive strike against Chongqing. Keeping a force of this size concealed for long was going to be impossible and it was only a matter of time before the cunning Liu Xiang would be on their trail again.
Get moving!
The Many Faces of Baoding
Ostensibly a triumvirate of regional warlords, the Baoding Department is one of the few major Sichuan military factions to not possess its roots in the Red River Basin. Formed out of (mostly) graduates from the Baoding Military Academy, Liu Wenhui, Tian Songyao, and Deng Xihou (although he did not graduate), the three men have been long friends and key players in the early politics of Sichuan whilst in an alliance against Yang Sen in 1925. Forming the \
Rely upon Liu Wenhui's core.
Favour Deng and Tian's forces.
Liu Wenhui's Daring Gambit
Liu Wenhui has had a bold plan since the start of this war: the capture of Chongqing from under the nose of Liu Xiang while his men are tied down in the siege of Chengdu. A bold and risky move, to be sure, but far more realistic than beating Liu Xiang's massive army in the open.\n\nKeeping an army of this size concealed for long was going to be impossible. It was a matter of when, not if, Liu Xiang's forces eventually caught on to the machinations of the Baoding army. Predictably, Liu Xiang ordered a detachment of his forces to leave the siege of Chengdu to intercept his uncle's army. This whole plan fell apart among the mountains and rivers of Sichuan, however, as the troops sent to attack Liu Wenhui's forces fell victim to the constant attacks of the of the Sichuan Insurgents, skirmishing forces of the Federalists, and sparse struggles with the Officer Department.\n\nAmbushes, traps and blocked roads meant that any hope to reinforce Chongqing was utterly futile. Wang Lingji's city garrison in Chongqing was now on its own as nothing seemed capable of stopping the Baoding force at this point.
Now to make their efforts worthwhile.
The Fall of Chongqing
Sending the bulk of the Baoding army towards Chongqing was an all-or-nothing gamble, but one where the odds seemed to be in our favour, thanks to our advantageous strategic position. Although Liu Xiang had foreseen this move, he'd not planned for unpredictable role of the Sichuan Insurgents, Federalists, and other miscellaneous groups.\n\nBe that as it may, Chongqing was still a heavily defended city, being the beating heart of Sichuan's industry. The Baoding commanders are known for their skill and that'd show during this battle. Opting for a methodical approach, Chongqing's defenders were flushed out one street at a time. Despite the size of the city and its garrison, however, the city would not hold out for long. Once Wang Lingji had learned that Liu Xiang's relief force wasn't going to arrive for at least another week thanks to the continuous attacks by the Officer guerrillas, he swallowed his pride and reached out with an offer of surrender, rather than seeing the city he was mayor of be reduced to rubble.
A great victory!
Collapse of the Accelerated Department
Chongqing was a vital stronghold for Liu Xiang's forces, due to city's many factories and the control over the Yangtze River traffic. Cut off from this vital lifeline following Wang Lingji's surrender, Liu Xiang's troops currently besieging Chengdu have stopped receiving much-needed supplies such as food, ammunition and weapons. Perhaps most dire of all, the soldiers' paychecks have also ceased to arrive with the complete paralysis of Chongqing's administrative functions. Without guns, pay, or even a functional leadership structure, desertion and insubordination has become widespread. The siege of Chengdu has already faltered as most soldiers and officers feel that the war is lost and in the countryside the forces of the Accelerated Department began to melt away as news of the fall of Chongqing reached them. Most simply cast away their rifles and headed back towards their homes, unwilling to fight for a lost cause.\n\nAfter being outmatched in a mutual high-stakes gamble, Liu Xiang has utterly lost control of the situation. Seeing his army disintegrate and unwilling to face justice for his treachery, he has opted to flee along with what remains of his inner circle. Without their capital, without their factories and without their leader, the Accelerated Department has now been utterly defeated. Victory is ours.
We stand triumphant.
Disaster in Beipei
Relying upon Deng and Tian's forces, Baoding marched towards Chongqing, aiming to take the city from Liu Xiang while also fighting against the various insurgents and bandits without Liu Wenhui's support. Predicting this move, Liu Xiang was able to order a portion of his main force to move to intercept his adversary's advancing army without needing to worry about the Chengdu siege being broken. Thanks in no small part to persistent harassment by insurgents, Baoding's forces were slowed down significantly, allowing elements of Wang Lingji's reserves from Chongqing to mobilise while Liu Xiang chased the Baoding army. This eventually led to them being caught in a pincer between the two advancing Accelerated armies near the city of Beipei, just north of Chongqing. A desperate defence was to follow.\n\nSurrounded and cut off, the Baoding army was in a terrible position. The areas around the city did not provide any good defensive positions, made even worse by a terrible supply situation. Skilled though he may be, Huang Yin only had hours to prepare anything resembling a defence. The task presented to him was simply impossible given his own dire situation and the enemy's superiority. The Baoding forces bravely stood their ground, but after less than an hour of actual fighting the makeshift defences had crumbled under the combined assaults mounted by Liu Xiang's army. With the permission of Deng Xihou, the bulk of the soldiers and their officers surrendered soon thereafter, not wanting to cast their lives away for an unwinnable battle.
It's all over now...
Liu Wenhui Retreats to Xikang
Part of being a good officer is to realise when you've been beaten and retreat while there's still a chance to save the lives of your soldiers. Though the Beipei catastrophe had marked the end of any effective resistance by the main Baoding army, their defence against the unexpected pincer move had allowed him to escape with a retinue of his closest men. It was a close call and he only narrowly evaded capture first by the advancing soldiers of Liu Xiang's army as he fled westward.\n\nWhile he is rallying his remaining forces in the relative safety of Xikang's mountains, Chengdu and its defenders are on their own.
At least he made it out in one piece.
Deng Xihou Surrenders
As Liu Xiang's vanguard headed back north to continue their siege of Chengdu in full force, it the Baoding Department has decided to accept the inevitable. With Huang Yin's forces defeated, Deng Xihou knows he has no chance to overcome the combined Accelerated Department forces and that continuing the fight would merely cause the needless deaths of his own soldiers and the people behind the walls of Chengdu. As a result, Deng sent out an emissary to Liu Xiang's field headquarters outside of Chengdu to ask for a ceasefire. Given his poor bargaining position, the only thing he asks in exchange for Chengdu's peaceful transfer over to Liu Xiang is for the safe passage out of Sichuan for Deng and the Baoding leadership. Liu Xiang, knowing that a ruined city and high casualties wouldn't help him unite the country still beset by petty warlords and guerrillas, was quick to accept and honour the deal.\n\nAlthough Chengdu's walls still stand, the gates were opened for the triumphant soldiers of the Accelerated Department. At this point, most citizens of Chengdu are only relieved that the war may be over soon and that they were spared a direct assault.
So it ends. Or begins?
Governor Xiao Invades Enshi
The region of Shihe, in Southwestern Hubei, formerly controlled by [SZC.GetNameDef], has been split between de-jure and de-facto governorship ever since the conclusion of fighting in Western China following the Xuantong Restoration. Incensed by this, Hubei Governor Xiao Yaonan has consistently petitioned the Central Government to act, and seize the territory as the rightful lands of Hubei. However, this has never come to fruition, for the Government valued stability and goodwill with Yang Sen rather than instigation.\n\nFollowing the collapse of Qing authority however, the region has been seized by Governor Xiao Yaonan's forces in an independent rogue act. He managed to overwhelm the local [SZC.GetAdjective] garrisons, and has gained a valuable prize for his position within the Zhili clique. The Accelerated Department have been reported to have organised some sort of futile resistance against the Zhili Clique's large army and Sichuan has already sent divisions to try and take back the region, but Xiao Yaonan's forces have been able to fight them off with relative ease so far.
He can't defeat an entire clique by himself!
Enshi seized by Zhili Warlord
The region of Shihe, in Southwestern Hubei, formerly controlled by [SZC.GetNameDef], has been split between de-jure and de-facto governorship ever since the conclusion of fighting in Western China following the Xuantong Restoration. Incensed by this, Hubei Governor Xiao Yaonan has consistently petitioned the Central Government to act, and seize the territory as the rightful lands of Hubei. However, this has never come to fruition, for the Government valued stability and goodwill with Yang Sen rather than instigation.\n\nSeeing the opportunity, Xiao Yaonan has invaded southwestern Hubei. Establishing a temporary occupation in the city of Enshi, his forces have routed the local garrisons and are on the move. Divisions have already been sent to the provincial border and heavy fighting has broken out between Liu Xiang's forces and the forces of the Zhili army.
Liu Xiang manages to fend the Zhili off!
Liu Xiang's campaign is defeated!
Assault on Enshi
The forces of General Liu Xiang in Shihe have failed their assault on the town of Enshi. With [SZC.GetAdjective] soldiers tired out and outnumbered, a retreat was ordered and the Zhili moved in to re-occupy the lands they had lost in the Accelerated Department offensive. During the [SZC.GetAdjective] retreat, many men were lost on the road as the Zhili made a vicious attack on the retreating forces.
A brilliant success Xiao!
The Battle of Enshi
After Liu Xiang's forces successfully flanked and encircled the town of Enshi, the Zhili's presence in Hubei collapsed. Pushing them back to the [QIE.GetAdjective] border, General Liu Xiang was hugely successful in retaking and occupying Hubei. Zhili presence has been mostly wiped out from the region, with small pockets of panicked soldiers trying to make their way back to the main force that was occupying Enshi.
You cost us gravely for acting rogue!
Drought?
Just over a decade ago in 1925 a great famine wracked Sichuan province. Hundreds of thousands died and just as many fled the province. Exacerbated by the internecine warfare of that era, the famine was sparked by a long-lasting drought and caused irreparable economic and financial damage to Sichuan. For the last ten years the farmers that survived the drought hurriedly pray whenever the sun stays in the sky for over a week - but it appears their prayers have gone unanswered this year. Rain has not fallen in the province for over a month and many are fearing a return to the catastrophe of 1925...
The rain must come soon...
Transport Links Severed
With fears of a famine already high after the drought refused to let up, many in [SZC.GetLeader]'s inner circle advised stockpiling rice imported down the Yangtze. Now, however, that plan has been cast aside. High tides, caused by unusually large glacial melts in the mountains, prevented any river trade from reaching Chengdu this year and the ongoing chaos in the League has largely cut off all railroad trade from the Legation ports where food is imported to. With Yunnan's government taking more and more overtly hostile action towards us, the only route to a port is through the Liangguang clique. While the route is stable, they aren't exactly close friends of ours and we may be cut off from *any* international trade soon.
We need an alternative route, now!
Rice Prices Spike
With imports into our province becoming more and more scarce and public fears of a famine rising with every sunny day, marketplaces across Sichuan have widespread increases in food prices. Already, this has sparked riots and demonstrations from small mountain villages to Chengdu itself. Those who can afford it have started to leave the province, with most heading towards the relative safety of the north.
As if the war weren't a large enough problem!
Famine!
Our worst fears have come to pass - the looming threat of famine is now reality. The drought and the unrest in the League cutting off most of our import have created a perfect storm of misery and chaos as former neighbours turn on each other over scraps of food and officials across the province report mass food riots, looting, deaths from starvation. Public order has broken down as policemen become too weak with hunger to stop criminals and refugees stream out of the province through whatever means they can. If rains do not fall soon total anarchy is inevitable.
Not again!
Famine Breaks Out in Sichuan
The province of Sichuan has long struggled with famine. Rocky terrain and unpredictable weather kept populations low until the early Qing era, when widespread land clearances and immigration incentives brought hordes of peasants to the province. In 1925 a lengthy drought turned into a devastating famine that ravaged the province, leading to hundreds of thousands of deaths and millions of refugees.\n\nNow, with chaos in the League disrupting food shipments and another lengthy drought the spectre of famine haunts Sichuan once more. Already horrifying stories are emerging of mothers selling their children into slavery for scraps of bread and anarchy gripping even the richest market towns.
This year just keeps getting worse!
Rains Return to Sichuan
[SZC.GetLeader] was hunched over his desk desperately writing letter after letter to [GXC.GetLeader] to negotiate importing rice when he heard it. It started as the occasional droplet, but within minutes [SZC.GetLeader] heard the steady drumming of rain on the roof of his building. Scarcely believing it, he ran outside and was almost immediately drenched. Around him his soldiers celebrated and even the normally dour-faced guards to the Governor's mansion were practically dancing with joy.\n\nWhile it will take a while to grow a new crop of food, the rain will help calm down the peasantry and put a stop to the anarchy gripping most of the province.
Blessed rain!
The Famine Fades
As more and more of the Sichuanese agricultural sector recovers its productivity, the dark cloud of famine has been steadily receding from the province. More and more farms have begun to increase their output, while the devastation of the civil war continues to fade from public memory. We may never know the full extent of the damage, but even so it certainly appears that we'll soon be able to declare an official end to the famine.\n\nNonetheless, with millions of our citizens dead from this catastrophe, the famine has left an indelible dark mark upon Sichuan, one that will take decades to fully remove. Even now, many areas are still in a limbo of sorts, with the grain supply still unsteady. As our first step, we must work to fully solve the lingering famine pockets.
An end to a dark era.
Sichuan petitions the Central Government
As if things couldn't get any worse, the Sichuanese government recently informed us that the drought that has gripped their province for the last month is now a full-blown famine, with social order breaking down as food becomes increasingly scarce. Subsequently, they have petitioned our government for aid. While we do have more pressing concerns to attend do, the province is of critical importance to our regime and ensuring the loyalty of their government will be key in reuniting China.
Although our new government lacks recognition from many of the warlords surrounding it, the Sichuanese provincial administration of [SZC.GetLeader] recently reached out to our government asking for aid. This is a great opportunity to show that we are the new 'legitimate' government of China. The agricultural ministries, however, are still reeling from the shock of the coup and may take time to prepare the aid required to help Sichuan.
Order the ministries to send aid.
We have other concerns.
Ministerial Infighting!
As is typical for Beijing, our order to the various ministries of agriculture sparked an intense war of contract bidding, bureaucratic infighting and general inaction that typifies the lackadaisical Beijing government apparatus. One example today particularly exemplifies this corruption: sacks of rice have been assembled in Beijing, but a dispute over which rail company is to actually ship them to Chendu sparked a week-long series of negotiations involving kickbacks, bribes and bizarrely, accusations that one company's owner was a homosexual. While lots of money is changing hands, only a few grains of rice have actually made it to the hands of the starving peasantry of Sichuan.
Get on with it!
Continued Ministerial Infighting
It appears the various agriculture ministries are still yet to actually deliver any of the food they have collected in Beijing. Sacks of grain sit rotting in warehouses across the city as the peasantry of Sichuan starve and Yang Sen's situation grows ever more tenuous by the day. Wu Peifu has devised a solution to get things moving - by threatening to fire the heads of the various ministries, Wu hopes he can light a fire under their chairs and push them into action. As always, however, this comes with a cost. Wu would have to spend political capital he can spend elsewhere in the government on reassuring the various patron networks backing the ministries that these threats are not *actually* serious. Or are they?
It appears the various agriculture ministries are still yet to actually deliver any of the food they have collected in Beijing. Sacks of grain sit rotting in warehouses across the city as the peasantry of Sichuan starve. The new government has an opportunity to flex their muscles by threatening to fire the ministers in charge of food distribution - but this would be costly.
Pressure the ministries to start working!
Let them keep squabbling...
Famine relief from Beijing
While we were worried by the lack of trains from Beijing following our request for aid - their daily telegraphs that it was 'on its way' hardly relieving concerns - it seems they were able to whip the notoriously byzantine agriculture and aid ministries into some semblance of action. Even though some of the promised sacks of rice were less than full - no doubt skimmed by some salacious official - we've received enough food to temporarily alleviate the worst of the chaos.
Finally!
Beijing Ignores our Petition
While Yang had hoped his old ally Wu Peifu would come to his aid in this moment of need, it appears the Jade Marshal has larger fish to fry. While he telegraphed Yang a sympathetic note, he claimed that the ongoing chaos in the former League of Eight Provinces robbed him of any resources available for famine relief.
While we had always feared that the government in Beijing would ignore our requests, those fears proved well-warranted today when [QIE.GetLeader] formally informed us that he could not supply the necessary aid to counter our famine. Many suspect this is due to our 'warlord' loyalties and already [SZC.GetLeader]'s position looks increasingly tenuous by the day.
We shall remember this!
CERA Congratulates the Government
Few groups within the Assembly loathe the Harmony Association and the Zhili more than the CERA. Comprised of naive intellectuals, they frequently protest the 'warlord nature' of our government and claim we are simply corrupt kleptocrats more interested in robbing the peasantry than developing the nation. Following our promise to aid [SZC.GetLeader] and stop the famine gripping his province, however, they publicly praised our 'surprising display of compassion for the peasantry of China'.\n\nNobody in the HA is really sure if they are naive enough to believe we are doing this to actually help the peasantry, but the support is certainly better than their usual loud protests.
Thanks, I guess?
CERA Criticises the Government
Our decision to turn down Governor [SZC.GetLeader]'s request for aid was met with mostly silence - until today. The CERA - nominally the party of the 'peasantry' but really little more than a group of rich philanthropists convinced they can save China's peasantry by throwing their father's money at their problems - loudly denounced our inaction. This is certainly not unusual, as they seem to protest nearly everything we do. What, however, is unusual is the fact that people are starting to pay attention to them. While their protest pamphlets are normally only distributed in the cities, soldiers across our territory have reported seeing pamphlets denouncing the 'warlords that let their own people starve in the streets' in every city and village of our nation!
Let them shout!
The International Famine Relief Commission
Our cries for help have not fallen on empty ears! A consortium of wealthy philanthropists in the Legation Cities have convened to organise the 'China International Famine Relief Commission' (CIFRC). While most of them are helping out desire more for international recognition Western cash is desperately needed to buy food for our starving peasants, as the leaders of the surrounding warlord cliques, recognising our predicament, have jacked up prices. Hopefully these wealthy westerners can help save Sichuan!
Any aid is welcome.
Send Aid to Sichuan?
The province of Sichuan still struggles with a massive famine and now their representatives have come to us of all people, requesting famine relief. By supporting famine relief efforts in the province we could greatly bolster our legitimacy and convince them that we, not the foul traitors in Beijing, are the true rulers of China!
The Soy Agricultural Initiative has created a grain surplus in Fengtian, while to the southwest Sichuan still struggles with a massive famine. Their representatives have come to us of all people, requesting famine relief. By supporting famine relief efforts in the province we could greatly bolster our legitimacy and convince them that we, not the foul traitors in Beijing, are the true rulers of China!
Prepare a large shipment.
We cannot spare anything right now.
Sichuan Grain Shipments Ready
At last, our shipments of grain intended for Sichuan are almost ready to be sent. Shipping them will be circuitous owing to the large amounts of hostile armies between us and Sichuan proper, but we doubt even the [GetZhiliManchu] are heartless enough to stop grain bound for the sufferers of a famine.
Proof of our legitimacy!
Shenyang Ignores our Petition
While we had always feared that the government in Shenyang would ignore our requests, those fears proved well-warranted today when [FNG.GetLeader] formally informed us that he could not supply the necessary aid to counter our famine. Many suspect this is due to our 'warlord' loyalties and already [SZC.GetLeader]'s position looks increasingly tenuous by the day.
We shall remember this!
Fengtian Sends Aid To Sichuan
Our allies in the Fengtian Government have recently decided to send grain to Sichuan, both to help alleviate the famine there, but also to improve their legitimacy in the eyes of [SZC.GetLeader]. The grain will be sent down rivers under the Fengtian flag, which could cause problems.\n\nWe could pressure the Fengtian Government to fly our flag, which would no doubt prevent any hostile armies from attacking the transports due to fears of reprisal.
Pressure them to use the [Root.GetAdjective] flag.
It's their choice.
The Japanese Demands
While we had hoped the [GetZhiliManchu] would not dare intercept our famine aid, Japanese agents have informed us that they have information suggesting the traitors will do just that!\n\nThe Japanese have provided an alternate proposal - flying their own flag on our shipments. The [GetZhiliManchu] would never dare provoke an international incident by attacking Japanese ships, though this would paint us as puppets to Tokyo in the eyes of those watching the ships.
They might have a point...
Ignore them.
Use their flag to bypass Wuhan, then switch to ours.
Fengtian Accepts our Demands
Fengtian Ignores our Demands
Fengtian has accepted to send grain under our flag, preventing the [GetZhiliManchu] from trying to hijack or stop the shipments from reaching Sichuan.
Fengtian has refused to send grain under our flag, claiming that this would undo any attempts to present their government as legitimate and instead convince the peasants that their regime was little more than a puppet of ours.
Excellent.
They raise a good point...
[SZC_fengtian_grain_origin.GetAdjective] Ships on the Yangtze
Dire news! The Wuhan garrison has reported a flotilla of barges heading upriver to Sichuan flying the Japanese flag! It appears that they are carrying large amounts of grain, though it would be very easy to hide guns under a layer of grain sacks...\n\nWe can demand the ships stop for a search, though this could greatly offend the Japanese government and potentially cause an international incident.
The Wuhan garrison commander has reported a flotilla of ships bearing the Fengtian flag sailing up the river towards Sichuan, laden with grain and relief supplies. We are faced with a dilemma - allowing the ships to pass will greatly increase the Sichuanese government's loyalty to Fengtian, but stopping and seizing them could create an even bigger backlash and risk painting our government as cruel and uncaring...
Give them an ultimatum!
Seize them!
Let them pass.
Japan Defies Our Blockade
Our order to the Japanese merchant captains was completely ignored! Denouncing our laws as 'cruel and illegitimate' the ships continued to sail upriver. Our forces, unwilling to start a war, were unable to do anything.
Drat.
The Fengtian Grain Shipments
Our forces boarded the Fengtian ships, searching high and low, but only found the intended grain shipments declared on the cargo manifests. We can either let them continue on their way, or seize the ship and send them upriver under our flag, making it appear *we* are the true benevolent ones here.
Allow them to continue towards Sichuan.
Seize their cargo and send it under our flag.
Fengtian Grain Shipments Seized!
Grain Shipments Seized!
Dire news! The Fengtian ships we offered to send under our protection have been sized by [GetZhiliManchu] authorities in Wuhan and the grain redirected to Sichuan under the [GetZhiliManchu] flag. No doubt this could have been prevented if we had put *our* flag on the ships.
Dire news! [GetZhiliManchu] authorities in Wuhan have seized our shipments of grain and are sending them to Sichuan under *their* banner! This is a betrayal of the highest order and only furthers our claim that the [GetZhiliManchu] are illegitimate and little more than crooks and gangsters.
Bastards!
We *did* warn them this would happen.
[SZC_fengtian_grain_origin.GetNameDefCap] Sends Food Relief
Great news! A huge flotilla of barges bearing grain and relief supplies just arrived in our territory this morning, bearing Beijing's flag. This somewhat odd considering they only informed us these shipments would be coming around three days ago, but [SZC.GetLeader] was quick to remind his subordinates never to look a gift horse in the mouth.
Great news! A huge shipment of grain has arrived from Japan. This is unusual, however, considering the nation currently has to import food to survive, but aid is always welcome.
[FNG.GetLeader], true to his word, has sent a huge shipment of grain! This aid shows the benevolence of the [FNG.GetName] and affirms their rule over China!
Thank you!
A Job Well Done
A telegram from [SZC.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] arrived, signed by [SZC.GetLeader], gratefully thanking us for our help with relief efforts in Sichuan. This has done wonders for our reputation in the far-flung, heavily-populated province, helping rebuild the regime's legitimacy in Southwestern China.
While the famine relief shipment indeed made it through the Zhili blockade, the fact that the ship flew Japanese flags was not lost to the locals, while the origin of the shipment, us, was forgotten or outright ignored. Japan has taken all the credit for the operation, taking the chance to improve their own image in the region. Our protests have fallen to deaf ears.
Excellent.
Sigh...
Fengtian Abuses Our Flag
Dire news! It appears that the Fengtian abused our trust and swapped out our flag for their own as soon as the grain barges left Wuhan! This is a betrayal of the highest order and will not go unpunished!
Insolence!
Japanese Anger
Japan discovered our little trick of swapping our flag for theirs after we departed Wuhan and they are not pleased. Already, angry telegrams are arriving from Tokyo, upbraiding [FNG.GetLeader] for his insolence and threatening to cut development aid.
Let them shout.
Famine in the North
While news of a famine in the province of Sichuan had already reached Guangzhou before them, an official delegation from the troubled province arrived today. After meeting privately with [ROOT.GetLeader], they pleaded for [GXC.GetNameDef]'s support. Armed with moving words with a hint of desperation, coupled with disturbing photographic evidence, they made their case before both the Guangdong Provincial Assemblies in hopes of rallying support for their cause. They also brought witness testimonies from the famine, and their vivid descriptions of the famine painted an image of human suffering far beyond what any newspaper headline could convey.\n\nTheir powerful appeals for compassion, national unity, and charity from the wealthy Cantonese elite meet hardened hearts however. Liangguang is no stranger to war and suffering, and the upheaval that recently gripped Liangguang has left the province with few resources to spare. Still, the murmurings of dissent indicate there is plenty of room for argument as the topic is brought to the floor for debate.
This ought to be an interesting discussion.
Chen Lianbo's Personal Donation
The wealthy Cantonese businessman doubled-down on his earlier statements to the Guangdong Provincial Assembly by making a huge private donation for relief to Sichuan along with many of his friends among the Cantonese elite. Making true his reputation as a philanthropist, Chen still warned that private donations, even from wealthy donors such as himself, could not compare to the potential relief the Guangdong Provincial Government could provide. His statement was a clear message to the elected representatives of the Provincial Assembly, even if the more pessimistic shrugged it off as a mere publicity stunt from a wealthy public figure.
Thanks, friend.
The Provincial Assembly Votes
Emotions ran high during the debates. Sceptics were quick to criticise the Sichuan provincial government that allowed for the situation to worsen so much and the intense factional disputes there. While few could argue about the morality of sending aid, it was clear that Sichuan was not only suffering from famine, but from endemic corruption, which could very-well make any relief effort a complete waste. Moreover, with Guangdong military spending skyrocketing and their own future in question, there is little appetite for additional expenditures. Some snarked that the representatives from Sichuan ought to ask the so-called \
The relief bill passes.
The relief bill fails.
Aid Arrives from Guangdong
The first shipment of aid from the Province of Guangdong finally arrived. Not only thanks to the private donations of many wealthy individuals in the province, but the Provincial Government's own relief fund will be able to help alleviate the crisis in Sichuan.
Good news, at last!
No Aid from Guangdong
Despite our pleas, the Guangdong Provincial Assembly refused to allocate funds for famine relief to Sichuan. Their public refusal to send aid has sent a message not only to us, but to all of China, about the state of morality in wealthy Guangzhou and the provincial democracy they brag about so much.
We'll remember this!
The Clay Eaters
The starvation crisis is reaching disturbing proportions in the countryside. Just like in 1925, some villagers with nothing else to turn to have started to dig up clay from the ground in a desperate bid to sate their hunger. Tragically, this has only led to sickness and more misery. We've instructed local administrators and police to inform the people on the dangers of resorting to these measures, though with the situation being what it is these warnings are likely to fall on deaf ears.
That won't help matters!
Rice Riots
The scuffles and shouting matches following the price spikes earlier in the year are nothing compared to the displays that often haunt the major cities of Sichuan. All too often when bags of rice arrive in the markets, fights break out over them. Allegations of hoarding, price rigging and other malicious practices are rife and sadly, not inaccurate a lot of the time. With anger fuming among the hungry citizenry of the cities, we've been forced to deploy military police in the cities to maintain order and prevent, or at least mitigate any future outbreaks of violence and vandalism. This is hardly a permanent solution though as the presence of what some may see as uniformed thugs is likely to cause tensions and discontent to rise even further if we can't solve these shortages.
We need this crisis solved, now!
Violence in the Markets
The merchants in the cities are often bearing the brunt of the anger that the desperate food shortages in the cities have caused. Shouts that they're famine profiteers and food hoarders are rampant, with many of them being attacked in the broad daylight of the marketplaces. Sometimes, even the rumour of a merchant withholding bags of rice for himself is enough to cause them to be attacked, only for the rioters to find out all too late that the store they sacked was as empty as their stomachs. This has led to several stores and markets closing down out of fear for more violence, which has only had the effect of making food even harder to come by. If the merchants weren't hoarding their last few bags of rice before, they certainly are now. Extra police have been deployed to handle these situations, but the damage has already been done.
Can this crisis get any worse?
Unusual Solutions
Eating grass, leaves and berries has become commonplace around Sichuan as people, especially in the countryside, have started to take to rather unorthodox solutions to feed themselves in lieu of any other alternatives. Many are turning to more outlandish solutions though, with various flora and fauna commonly regarded as inedible being used as substitutes for food. The creative solutions are sometimes almost as disturbing as the crisis itself and though having something to eat is better than having nothing to eat, this only underscores the urgency in getting proper relief out to the hungry masses.
We'll need to monitor this development.
Spike in Poisoning Cases
The recent rise in makeshift solutions to the famine has led to tragic yet predictable results, despite our best efforts to spread awareness of the risks these practices bring with them. Hospitals and rural clinics are seeing a large increase in patients suffering from acute cases of poisoning, assuming they're even able to make it there in the first place. With our medical services being pressed to their limits, local administrators have been tasked with informing their people on the dangers of these activities. As long as the famine endures though, cases aren't likely to stop occurring.
We should've acted faster.
Child Poverty Rises
Poverty has sadly been a companion to most of Sichuan throughout our history. With the famine sweeping the nation, it's only gotten worse as families already on the brink have been hit hard by this crisis. Where before there was scarcity, now there's hardly anything for them at all. Without any safety net in hard times, the youngest are some of the worst affected by this.
Sichuan can't take much more of this!
The Abandoned Children
Because of the terrible conditions gripping the province recently, there's been a massive increase in abandoned children being left to fend for themselves. Sometimes it's because their parents simply have no means to feed their families, although often the tragic reason is that they aren't even in the picture any more. With thousands of cases like this already and many more appearing every day, the people are pleading that the government takes action to help the children of the province.
We *must* help them. No one else will.
Children of the Famine
The worst hit by the famine have been the children of Sichuan. With food being scarce and disorder being rampant, no one's spared from the effects of the famine. Worst hit of all are the children with the tragic tales being too many to count. We cannot stand for this. Together with our international relief partners we've established a special government operation to safeguard them and our future. This includes everything from special allocations of food and other aid resources to prevent future tragedies, all the way up to providing shelter and orphanages in the cases where tragedy has already struck.\n\nThese are small and costly steps on the road to recovery from the famine, but it's worth every effort to let our people know that no matter what, the children of our province will not be forced to fend for themselves.
We take care of our own.
Refugees Flee the Province
Seeing no future in Sichuan, people are fleeing the province in their thousands for the literal greener pastures to the north, south and east. Several smaller villages have been turned into ghost towns due to the massive number of people leaving them. Unless we put a quick end to this disastrous famine, this will only be the first wave out of many.
The bad news continue to pile up...
Refugees From Sichuan
Drought and the aftermath of a brutal civil war has caused a terrible famine to grip Sichuan. With the government of Sichuan seemingly being incapable of solving these problems, many have simply given up and fled the province by the tens of thousands for the greener pastures in our lands. While they aren't the only ones that have fallen on hard times in China, many both among the population and in our government demand that we do something to help our fellow Chinese. Others believe and hardly without reason either, that given the crisis following the collapse of the League of Eight Provinces on top of our own struggles that there's little we can do to help. Given the scale of the situation, turning them back to Sichuan is only bound to make matters worse.\n\nRegardless of our actions, our government has filed an official request to the government in [SZC.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] that they increase their efforts to solve this crisis.
Drought and the aftermath of a brutal civil war has caused a terrible famine to grip Sichuan. With the government of Sichuan seemingly being incapable of solving these problems, many have simply given up and fled the province by the tens of thousands for the greener pastures in our lands. While they aren't the only ones that have fallen on hard times in China, many both among our population and in our government demand that we do something to help our fellow Chinese. Others believe and hardly without reason either, we can't help them while the south is being overrun by Tibetan bandits. Given the scale of the situation, turning them back to Sichuan is only bound to make matters worse.\n\nRegardless of our actions, our government has filed an official request to the government in [SZC.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] that they increase their efforts to solve this crisis.
Drought and the aftermath of a brutal civil war has caused a terrible famine to grip Sichuan. With the government of Sichuan seemingly being incapable of solving these problems, many have simply given up and fled the province by the tens of thousands for the greener pastures in our lands. While they aren't the only ones that have fallen on hard times in China, many both among our population and in our government demand that we do something to help our fellow Chinese. Others believe and hardly without reason either, there's little we can do to help given the constant strife that's gripped both the south and east following the collapse of the League. Given the scale of the situation, turning them back to Sichuan is only bound to make matters worse.\n\nRegardless of our actions, our government has filed an official request to the government in [SZC.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] that they increase their efforts to solve this crisis.
Drought and the aftermath of a brutal civil war has caused a terrible famine to grip Sichuan. With the government of Sichuan seemingly being incapable of solving these problems, many have simply given up and fled the province by the tens of thousands for the greener pastures in our lands. While they aren't the only ones that have fallen on hard times in China, many both among our population and in our government demand that we do something to help our fellow Chinese. Others believe and hardly without reason either, given the crisis following the collapse of the League that there's little we can do to help. Given the scale of the situation, turning them back to Sichuan is only bound to make matters worse.\n\nRegardless of our actions, our government has filed an official request to the government in [SZC.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] that they increase their efforts to solve this crisis.
Drought and the aftermath of a brutal civil war has caused a terrible famine to grip Sichuan. With the government of Sichuan seemingly being incapable of solving these problems, many have simply given up and fled the province by the tens of thousands for the greener pastures in our lands. While they aren't the only ones that have fallen on hard times in China, many both among our population and in our government demand that we do something to help our fellow Chinese. Others believe and hardly without reason either, given our recent civil war following the downfall of the Tang regime. Given the scale of the situation, turning them back to Sichuan is only bound to make matters worse.\n\nRegardless of our actions, our government has filed an official request to the government in [SZC.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] that they increase their efforts to solve this crisis.
Try to help out however we can.
Corruption Shows Its Face
It's a tale as old as time itself. Whether it's a crate of relief goods that simply disappeared or a colonel requesting food rations for regiments that only exist on paper, the chaos in the country has opened the doors for a lot of shameless individuals to take something extra for themselves. Whether it's desperation or greed, we cannot stand for any of this. More efforts need to be taken to root out this kind of thievery.
Seriously? Stealing from starving peasants?
Corruption Delays Relief Efforts
Recently there have been reports of soldiers and officials extorting people for bribes in order to allow aid shipments to pass through, calling it a toll fee or something similarly disingenuous. An order has been issued that anyone caught engaging in these kinds of activities will have disciplinary actions taken against them. That should get them to think twice before attempting to earn a few coins this way.
Not this again...
Black Market on Foodstuffs
With a bag of rice being worth its weight in gold, smuggling food has become a lucrative business for criminal syndicates and ruthless opium farmers alike. Some are using hoarded resources and selling them at a premium to desperate people across Sichuan while more brazen criminals simply steal the food relief packages to sell on the black market. The police are doing everything they can to combat this shameless criminality, but their efforts are so far coming up short in eliminating the problem altogether.
More profiteering off the suffering?
KMT Raids on Food Shipments
China is hardly a stranger to war and although we recently concluded our civil war, conflicts are still gripping China. In a worrying new trend, some of our international aid shipments have been raided by Kuomintang guerrillas. While we have yet to determine if they're from Yunnan, Guangxi or even the Left Kuomintang fighting in what used to be the League of Eight Provinces, we need to step up security to prevent these actions from happening in the future.
Now this is just ridiculous.
Prayers for Rain
Whether driven by genuine belief or if he simply wished to instil hope in a despairing public, Liu Xiang has gathered several religious leaders from across the province to pray for rains to come back to Sichuan and put an end to the drought. While it's certainly a nice display, it's hardly done anything to help matters on the ground as days after the prayers were called there still isn't a cloud in the skies, let alone rain.
This isn't helping!
Dujiangyan, Damaged
During the civil the Dujiangyan system for irrigating the area around the Baopingkou Channel was tampered with, causing a flooding meant to repulse Liu Xiang's forces without having to fight them in the field. It turns out, however, that by taking the easy route that day we've made the famine situation worse for ourselves. The operation by our engineers caused lasting damages that have now caused the channel to dry up. Without any means or irrigating the area, a drought has stricken the nearby fields, worsening an already dire situation. We have no one to blame for this ordeal but ourselves and we must now take responsibility for our actions.
What have we done?
James Yen's Personal Donation
It seems that despite our miserable conditions, there are still friends out there willing to help. One of them is Y.C. James Yen, a leading intellectual in Beijing and a leader of the Chinese Empire Reform Association, as well as the mastermind of the Rural Reconstruction Movement. We have just received a missive from Yen, stating his desire to help with the famine relief efforts. To that end, his Rural Reconstruction Movement has made a hefty donation to our relief efforts, and more aid is to come.
Thanks, friend.
Affairs of the Red Basin
The Sichuan Basin, also named the Red Basin for the red sandstone lining the soil, is currently in a sorry state. The hilly region boasts some of China's most fertile land, as well as ample avenues for irrigation and terrace farming. However, the last decades have not been kind to the province. A succession of inept governments since the late Qing era has left the province stagnated and isolated relative to the Chinese economy.\n\nIn the last three decades, cultivation of opium has become perhaps Sichuan's largest and most important economic sector, due to the high profits obtainable from the growth of the poppy. Opium brings much wealth, but it is also a major problem due to its effects on the population. Its unregulated growth was one of the causes of the Famine and also a source of conflict due to both criminal associations and even the Sichuanese warlords attempting to control the trade.\n\nBefore we can even start to work on improving our economy, we must decide the fate of the opium industry. The status quo is unsustainable, but there are a few options we could choose...
We must eradicate opium from the province.
We shall bring the opium under our control.
§ROpium cultivation is omnipresent in Sichuan. Reducing its spread will be an arduous and politically costly task. The potential benefits, however, should not be underestimated.§!
§RThe opium trade is extremely prevalent in Sichuan, bolstered by the complete lack of regulation in the past decades. We should expect heavy resistance against any form of regulation.§!
Assessing the Spread of Opium
Sichuan can make the claim of being the world's largest producer and consumer of opium with thousands of tons of the plant being cultivated within our borders every years. It's often said that Sichuan is the very rotten core of the Chinese opium crisis and has been ever since the Anglo-Chinese wars of the 19th century. Given the enormity of the scale of both the production and consumption of opium that takes places in Sichuan, no one is under any illusions that this will be a tremendously difficult task to tackle.
It must be done.
The Scale of Corruption
From top to bottom, every segment of Sichuanese society is affected by the opium trade and its associated vices, to the point where the everyday functions of government and society are impaired. For instance, a soldier being paid in opium while his commander pockets his wages is an alarmingly common practice. Not only does this foster corruption and bad morale within the army, but as our recent civil war tragically proved, widespread opium addiction within the ranks led to needless deaths and suffering on all sides of the conflict. Similar practices are seen in other branches of the government, from local mayors enriching themselves through the drug trade, all the way down to petty bureaucrats accepting bribes and harassing the local population. Even the common man in Sichuan isn't immune to the temptations of this corruption, despite more often than not being merely its victim.\n\nWe have to come to terms with the daunting fact that corruption infests every facet of our society - from top to bottom - with hardly a single entity in Sichuan being spared from it. We have a long and hard road ahead of us if we are to curb this problem.
It's *that* bad?!
Addiction to Opium
The scourge of opium is so widespread in Sichuan that it's part of every-day life in the province. Its effects can be seen wherever you look, from the people in the streets that cast away their lives over it to the very top of society. No one is spared from its consequences. It's truly a sign of the times that sights that would've shocked anyone throughout most of history is seen as part of the daily routine in Sichuan.
We'll need to deal with this sooner or later.
A Plan Against Opium
The commission tasked with stamping out the opium abuse and profiteering in Sichuan has started to draft plans for the monumental task of ridding Sichuan from this blight. The measures proposed point towards a difficult road ahead with even the most optimistic projections suggesting that this will be an incredibly costly and hard-fought endeavour.\n\nSome of the lighter measures include reforms and rather conventional anti-corruption measures. The commission also insists on the urgency to rehabilitate addicts and force them off their dependency, something that will burden our healthcare system. A representative of the army was also present at the meeting and laid out plans for what they can do by aiding the police's efforts in curtailing production and smuggling, although some of their methods may be a bit heavy-handed.\n\nIt's a long road ahead for us. Let's see this one through to the end.
Let's get started.
Rise of the Black Market
As soon as the government began its initiative to crack down on opium addiction an inevitable side-effect was an explosion in opium prices and the rise of a black market. Already this underground economy is one of the larger in Sichuan in terms of GDP, all of which goes straight to the pockets of the criminals. The price hike is also sure to cause immense hardships for the addicts in Sichuan's population unless we intervene and provide them with the help they need. Breaking the black market should, however, be our utmost priority.
They are thugs and shall be dealt with.
Our Efforts Are Delayed
With opium becoming worth its weight in gold thanks to the supply being pushed underground, there's a lot of money to be made in turning a blind eye to it. Officials routinely 'forget' to report opium being transported through their districts as the temptation of getting a cut from the black market is often all too tempting. Without stricter measures against administrative corruption, these issues are unlikely to go away.
Bribery Scandal
A major scandal has rocked our army. Several military officials tasked with overseeing the eradication of opium fields have been arrested for distributing the seized opium stocks they were meant to destroy. Under their command, conscripts were also paid in opium packages while the money meant to pay for their salaries went straight into the pockets of the officers. They'll be dealt with harshly, but as long as there's money to be gained from corruption this isn't likely to be the last case of this kind.
Lack of Law Enforcement
It's no secret that a crate of opium can fetch a police officer's yearly salary. They're only human and as such a lot of previously honest police have been caught taking bribes or even participating in smuggling operations as middlemen. The most common practice though is that of officers simply not reporting what they see and turning a blind eye to things, all in exchange for money and drugs. It seems that we need to step up our efforts to straighten out our police force. If they falter, so will our anti-opium efforts.
How deep can this go?!
Start of the Anti-Corruption Campaign
The efforts to stamp out corruption are already bearing fruit. Though arrests and convictions are few so far, we've made it known that no one is safe from the long arm of the law. The serious threat of being thrown into a dungeon if caught is forcing a lot of these spineless cowards to comply and do their jobs. Slowly but surely, the bureaucracies are being brought in line with the rest of our anti-opium initiative.
We shall root them out, one by one if need be!
Corruption In The Civil Service
Even our administration isn't safe from the temptation of making a quick buck in the wake of the war on opium. Embezzlement, theft and bribery is running rampant with several quite embarrassing arrests already having been made. There's still a lot that needs to be done to rid our administration of these weak-willed two-bit criminals, it seems.
How did this become so huge?!
Corruption In The Army
Large parts of our army has long suffered from a poor reputation for a widespread lack of professionalism. A lot of this pertains to opium with a large portion of our force being addicts that are often covertly paid in opium while their commanding officers pocket their requisitioned wages. These practices have long been tacitly accepted, but when we announced our anti-opium initiative they could hardly expect to be made exempt from the law. This has already caused problems both with soldiers and officers. The generals are going to have a hard time sorting out this mess.
Even in the army?!
Smugglers In The Administration
With the amount of money to be made from opium smuggling it was inevitable that officials in our administration would give in to the temptation of money. Already many lower and even middle-ranking officials have been put behind bars for aiding smuggling efforts in the countryside, usually by taking bribes in exchange for letting smuggling operations go unhindered. It seems that no matter how many we catch, there's always more corrupt officials behind every corner.
You can't break the law if you *are* the law, apparently.
Opium Committee Involved in Smuggling
In what may be the biggest embarrassment for the committee yet, a ranking member of it was caught red-handed in a police sting operation. The now former official had been taking large bribes in exchange for reporting that operations that didn't even take place were in fact successful, which in some cases led to resources being diverted from much-needed law enforcement in the region. While the arrest is a positive development, the fact that it happened at all has humiliated the committee.
Sales Bureau Involved in Smuggling
Several members of the state sales bureau have been arrested today after being caught cutting deals with the smugglers. This has not only harmed our efforts to establish a healthy state monopoly in this business, but it has also led to large sums of opium going untaxed right under our noses. Those arrested now faces long jail sentences while we're forced to increase our efforts against the smugglers if we are to regain our market share.
Now this is just plain ridiculous!
Political Murders
As the saying goes, if you're above the target, they'll fire at you. With their market share shrinking thanks to the efforts of our law enforcement, military and administration, a sad reality is that the criminals will retaliate against us. Today two officials that had been stalwart fighters against corruption were assassinated in broad daylight by hired thugs. The criminals soon joined them thanks to our police, but it shows that the smugglers are ready to stop at nothing to win this war.
They must be getting desperate!
Opium Fades
The efforts to tackle opium have finally yielded significant results. Though the fight has been tough and a lot of hardships have been endured, the role opium is playing in the Sichuanese economy has started to diminish. Addicts in the streets are becoming a scarcer sight and the debauchery associated with the opium dens is now gradually being phased out of society. Slowly but surely, we're winning this fight.
We can't stop now!
Rising Grain Production
Opium as a crop is very labour-intensive, requiring huge amounts of work, resources and attention to cultivate. With the amount of opium being produced in Sichuan, a massive portion of our province's arable lands were devoted to opium production. With the growth of opium likely to lead to a jail sentence or worse, however, fewer and fewer farmers are growing it these days. This is a positive development as it has led to a gradual but significant increase in food crops being grown by our farmers. From having endured a famine not long ago, we may not be far from an agricultural boom.
Never another famine!
Tax Evasion Discovered
Sichuan has long had a problem with corruption. In large part caused by a dysfunctional government split between various warlords, a relic from those times is that tax collection has been very ineffective. Only 10-20% of what's collected seem to end up in [SZC.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], while the rest is lost to waste and fraud along the way.
Do we need to do everything ourselves?
Tax Evasion Increases Enormously
The plans to monopolise and tax opium has proven to not only be wildly unpopular, but it's also facing stiff resistance. Tax evasion, already a big problem before, has exploded since we put our plans into effect. As resistance to taxation comes from every level of society and not just a handful of dejected merchants, this will be a tremendous hurdle to overcome if our monopoly is to gain legitimacy.
Get rid of those parasites!
Merchants Revolt Against Our Policies
Many of Sichuan's largest merchant houses and farm owners are beginning to mount stiff resistance against our monopoly. With their combined resources, they hold a very significant power base in the country through their economic influence alone. This has allowed them to actively defy our newly imposed rules and taxes. In hindsight, we should probably have expected them to put up this kind of fight when faced with the prospect of being parted from their ill-gotten gains. We have no choice but to fight fire with fire on this one.
Together or alone, they'll be crushed all the same.
Smugglers Cut Into Our Profits
With new taxes being created and tax collection being streamlined, the smuggling of opium has become an even more lucrative business than ever before. The high taxes and - allegedly - 'draconian' measures by the state has allowed the gangs to undercut what the government is offering through its legal venues. Despite the best efforts of the police and army, they're still able to operate with relative ease.
Hunt down those thugs!
Illegal Opium Production
Before the establishment of the Sales Bureau, the growth of opium was completely unregulated and undocumented. This has caused tremendous difficulties in establishing just how much opium is being grown illegally as no reliable records exist. Already our tax collectors and police are complaining that their work is like searching through the dark and that they're having a lot of difficulties bringing it all under the auspices of the state. Measures ought to be taken to expand the state's abilities to track and tax these matters!
New law: all producers must now have a licence!
The Bureau Takes Action
The creation of the Sales Monopoly Bureau to control has already had some successes. Through their early work, they've managed to establish framework for how to operate and how both legal and illegal production is to be dealt with. Slowly but surely, we can expect their hard work to fill our coffers as the efficiency of their efforts rise by the hour.
This should be profitable!
Taxation Hampered By Corruption
The temptation of money gets to even the best of us. We're facing a growing problem of officials taking bribes in order to let smugglers cut into our profits. Others are simply collecting taxes and pocketing the money for themselves, only to then report it as a shortfall caused by merchants evading taxes. It seems evident by now that we simply haven't implemented sufficiently harsh punishments for this kind of selfish criminality.
Get rid of those idiots!
First Opium Profits Arrive
Step by step, the Sales Monopoly Bureau has grown in power to become an all-encompassing, nationwide institution. Through their hard work, they've managed to cut tax evasion to a record low and brought an end to most major smuggling operations in the province. We're already starting to see tremendous profits pour into the state's coffers. With the amount of riches we're seeing from our monopoly's success, we should have no problems funding future government projects.
Excellent!
Army Crushes Smugglers!
Utilising a mix of good intelligence and brute force, the army has swept in against a series of opium fields and smuggling hubs across Sichuan, burning and bombing several to ashes and inflicting grievous losses on the criminals. By the end of the day, a large quantity of illegal fields and warehouses were destroyed and a significant portion of the known smuggling ships used along the Yangtze were destroyed as well. All around, this operation has dealt a devastating blow to these criminals. Not only has this operation utterly routed several of the smuggler outfits, but it's also sure to send a clear message to criminals that their profiteering from narcotics will lead to their demise.\n\nThis decisive victory by the army has helped us to significantly improve the situation in our fight to curb opium and taught our army valuable lessors in fighting unconventional enemies in varied environments.
A cutting blow!
The Army Fights Smugglers
Recent days have seen a large offensive by the military against the smugglers plaguing Sichuan. A series of raids on illegal farms, smuggling warehouses and other facilities used by criminal gangs around Sichuan. Although not decisive, the army has won a victory while taking relatively light casualties from enemies armed with light arms smuggled into the country. This operation has also taught our troops and commanders a few valuable lessons in fighting foes in forests and towns.
Our soldiers fought well today.
Army Struggles Against Smugglers
Our recent military operations against the smugglers were met with mixed results. Utilising weapons left behind during the civil war, they fought back and locked our forces in a series of guerrilla battles that bogged them down. While we were able to disrupt their operations and kill several criminals, their tenacity allowed them to evacuate and relocate large amount of opium and weapons before we could destroy them. Although losses were only moderate and some progress was made, even the biggest optimists are having a hard time spinning this as a victory.
We'll get them next time.
Army Routed By Smugglers!
Terrible news from the latest round of anti-smuggling operations. As embarrassing as it may sound, our inept commanders have allowed their soldiers to be routed by common bandits. Using military-grade weapons salvaged from the civil war and likely knowing where we would strike, they were able to ambush and gun down our forces. Losses are said to be very heavy and the nature of the attacks leave little doubts that we may have several moles within our ranks acting on the behalf of the smugglers. An investigation is already being carried out into the matter.\n\nThere's no way to spin this other than as a complete defeat and despite our efforts to suppress it the newspapers in [SZC.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] are already reporting on it as a humiliating defeat that has tarnished the reputation of [SZC.GetLeader]. Some members of our government are even demanding that we urgently rethink the military's role in our campaign against opium.
A shameful display! Reprimand the commander!
Tian Songyao Expands Into Industrial Territory
With Eastern Sichuan still disorderly following Xiang's flight and the fall of Chongqing, Tian Songyao has taken the opportunity to send his forces into the region, ostensibly to 'restore order'. While he has been effective in this aspect, his dislike for Yang Sen is well known and his ambitions remain a mystery for now.
Keep an eye on him.
Liu Cunhou Expands Into Officer Territory
As we continue our efforts to restore order in Southern Sichuan, following the defeat of the Officer Department in the war, we have received some... interesting reports from our commanders in the field. Our erstwhile ally, general and former governor of Sichuan Liu Cunhou, has been unusually active in sending his troops to the region. It's certainly a nice gesture and for all intents and purposes not something to worry about, but Yang Sen suspects something may be afoot...
Is he planning something?
Shadowy Meetings
Conflicting reports continue to arrive from the Eastern and Southern Sichuan. While warlord activity is nothing new in Sichuan, it seems something else may be going on. There have been several meetings between minor warlords in the region. Our spies have not obtained much information for now, but general Fan Shaozeng, Yang Sen's second in command, strongly suspects they might be planning a coalition of minor warlords.\n\nFor what reason, it remains unknown.
Alright, what's really going on here?
The Baoding Efforts
It seems history is repeating. Once again, the Chengdu army is in a sorry state, following the heavy fighting in the last months. As in 1931, after the first Officer Department expedition, the Baoding Department has taken up efforts to restore order in the south. Reports continue to come of areas successfully being pacified.\n\nWhile Baoding may yet prove to be a threat, for now our alliance with them continues to bring dividends.
Thanks, comrades!
Tian Songyao Pledges Allegiance to Liu Cunhou
Unexpected news out of Nanbu, warlord Tian Songyao's main base to the northeast. Songyao, a man known for his political neutrality - having blocked off his domain to all forces involved in the civil war a few months back - but also for ruthless opportunism, has suddenly and publicly declared his allegiance to the former governor of Sichuan and Armament Department leader Liu Cunhou. Songyao is not doing this out of loyalty for the Department. Something dangerous is happening and Liu Cunhou is certainly involved in it.\n\nWe may be facing betrayal in the ranks.
Investigate this, now!
An Offer from the Baoding Department
With tensions rising in the province after the unexpected alliance between Liu Cunhou and Tian Songyao, we have received a missive from Deng Xihou, who claims to have valuable information about Liu's movements and intentions. Our spies have found nothing on Cunhou's plans so far and this is a tempting offer. However, their demands might yet prove to be too much.
Arrange this meeting. Secretly.
Meeting Deng Xihou
Deng Xihou arrived tonight in Chengdu under utmost secrecy. In a shoddy basement under the old Manchu palace and after a few rounds of discussion a deal has been hashed out: Deng Xihou informs that Liu Cunhou has contacted him recently, asking for a public declaration of loyalty or at least neutrality. In exchange for guarantees of autonomy and government influence for the Baoding Department, as well as a freer hand in implementing their economic projects, both Deng Xihou and Liu Wenhui will pledge their loyalty to Yang Sen and the Armament Department.\n\nThe Baoding Department has its own interests, but Yang Sen's modernisation programme mostly aligns with their goals. Furthermore, the Baoding troops are the best-trained troops in Sichuan and will certainly prove invaluable.\n\nThe ultimate decision now rests with Yang Sen.
Very well, we accept your deal.
Deng cannot be trusted.
Plots in the Dark
With our deal signed and Baoding being given their long-desired autonomy and influence, Deng Xihou now has given our agents all the information they have on Liu Cunhou's movements. Liu Cunhou is planning to execute a coup a week from now, with support from Tian Songyao and several minor warlords in the province, having bought their support with promises of wealth, power or influence.\n\nWith detailed knowledge of Cunhou's planned movements and with support from the Baoding Department, we can turn this to our advantage. Liu's coup will become an inescapable trap when he launches his plot.
We'll be ready for him.
A Declaration of Neutrality
News coming from Ya'an and Guanxian today. Following our refusal of Deng Xihou's deal, both his Northern troops and Liu Wenhui's Xikang troops have been steadily withdrawing towards their home territories. This has been followed today by a joint declaration from the two leaders, denouncing the incompetence of the Chengdu leadership. However, they have stopped short of declaring for Liu Cunhou and have instead professed their full neutrality from this moment onward. Already our soldiers are being evicted from their areas.
We may have made a mistake...
Fires in the Garrison
As dawn rises over Chengdu Liu Cunhou jumped into action and his troops have now begun taking over the Manchu garrison that forms the Armament headquarters. Tian Songyao is also present in the city, commanding troops to take control of several strategic points. Unfortunately for him, we are well prepared for his treason...
Dawn rises to find Chengdu in absolute chaos. Unexpected by anyone in the Armament leadership and believed to be still in his base of Daxian, Liu Cunhou's troops have now begun taking over the Manchu garrison that forms the Armament headquarters. On the city streets, Tian Songyao's goons have been quick to assert their control over our drowsy troops. Heavy fighting has broken inside the old Manchu garrison that is now the Armament Department headquarters and Yang Sen is nowhere to be seen.
Spring the trap!
Chengdu hangs in the balance...
The Countercoup
Within hours of his attempted coup, Liu Cunhou has utterly failed in any of his objectives. With advance knowledge of the coup, Yang Sen and Fan Shaozeng feigned chaos in the garrison, which Liu Cunhou took as proof of his success. When they attempted to take the rest of the building, several battalions hidden around the enormous complex sprung into action, forming barricades and trapping Cunhou's soldiers. Looking down at Liu Cunhou's corpse on the floor, Yang Sen orders his loyal general Fan Shaozeng to sweep the building and force the surrender of any remnants of Liu's troops.\n\nDown in the lower city, Tian Songyao lays dead on the streets, killed by Baoding agents infiltrated among the populace.\n\nThe coup is over and peace can now finally return to Sichuan.
A traitor's death.
Liu Cunhou Assumes Leadership
The fighting was heavy, but brief. Caught completely unaware, Yang Sen's troops were no match for Liu Cunhou and Tian Songyao's troops and by noon most of the city was solidly under their control. Yang Sen and Fan Shaozeng are dead, killed in the firefight, while their now-leaderless troops have surrendered.\n\nFrom the courtyard of the old Manchu garrison, Liu Cunhou has declared his assumption of the Armament leadership and nobody is left in the city to oppose him.
Once again, Liu is governor of Sichuan.
Sichuan declares support for the Central Government
Despite their recent troubles, it seems [SZC.GetLeader]'s Armament Department has managed to beat the odds and retain control of the province, bringing it into our sphere. We have received a missive from [SZC.GetLeader] declaring his loyalty to our government.
One more province into the fold!
Sichuan Sends Support
In a positive turn of events, our ranks have recently been bolstered by a steady stream of reinforcements from our friends in Sichuan. The League may have fallen on hard times, but it seems that we still have allies to count on. We'll put these forces to good use as we stamp out the last of these insurrectionists from our lands!
Some good news, at least.
Marshal Wang Chengbin Arrives In Sichuan
Following the devastating Manchu Coup as of recent, many feared that the North Zhili Clique was doomed, cast away to the dustbin of history. With the brutal Zhili-Manchu War seeing the third hierarch of the Zhili Clique, Marshal Wang Chengbin, rally the forces of the Zhili in a last ditch effort to retake Beijing, the losses were tremendous. With the loss of Cao Kun and Wu Peifu in one fell swoop, the Zhili rank and file were initially heavily demoralised. Without the Jade Marshal, could they stand a chance? Could they even defeat the Manchu? Let alone any other warlord? And so here he arrived, the pale horse, here to vanquish the Zhili Clique once and for all.\n\nYet there stood a man, defiant of the Royalist's ambitions, defiant of the bloodshed, defiant of the death of his mentor Cao Kun. Minister of the Army Marshal Wang Chengbin, having not been present at Beijing during the coup attempt, stood as the first rallying point for the chaotic Zhili forces. Championing the emergency strategies of the Civil War, he would fight tooth and nail to preserve Zhili Hegemony, to avenge his fallen friend, and even regretfully that of Wu Peifu. For what would he be for their memory to die in vain? Staging a delayed retreat, Wang would have to bear the full brutality of the Royalist armies. Levelling whole cities, annihilating Luoyang, rampaging in Wuhan, and it was all for naught.\n\nWith many presuming that Wang Chengbin died in the fighting, perhaps in Luoyang or Wuhan, none within [SZC.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] would have expected the humble arrivals last night. A convoy of trucks, unmarked, and clearly worn down, arrived on the outskirts of [SZC.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. A military patrolman ordered them to turn back. Although when they stopped, the patrolman was in utter disbelief. Stepping out of the first truck, arm wrapped in a blood-soaked bandage and face covered in shrapnel wounds, was Marshal Wang.\n\nThe guardsman quickly flagged the convoy to [SZC.GetLeader]'s compound in the centre of the city, where he received Wang and the remnants of Beijing's command structure. Fury and revenge in his eyes, Wang pleaded to [SZC.GetLeader], imploring  him to assemble his forces and prepare for a campaign of reconquest against the despised Royalists.
\
Regretfully, return the despondent Marshal.
Marshal Wang Chengbin Resurfaces!
In our resounding triumph against the Zhili dogs, we were positive that the King of Baoding and the Jade Marshal had persihed, for their bodies littered the throne room. Ever a loyalist to Cao however, the previous Minister of the Army, Wang Chengbin, launched an immediate counterattack against the coup. With brutal fighting taking place in the streets of the capital, the demoralised, disorganised Zhili forces ultimately crumbled to our elite Imperial Guards let by Xiqia. Rebounding however, Marshal Wang would carry on his fruitless, pointless struggle against the Son of Heaven.\n\nWaging a fighting retreat from north of the Yellow River, Wang would fight a bitter, even admirable, supposed last stand within the Jade Marshal's old Headquarters of Luoyang. With his soldiers rather dying than giving up the city, they ultimately forced our hand in the civil war, resulting in the nigh flattening of Luoyang. Presuming to have perished in the fighting, many of our sources supposedly confirmed such statements. However with the civil war continuing elsewhere under the likes of Liu Zhenhua, Xiao Yaonan and Zhang Qihuang, we could hardly spare the manpower to count the bodies.\n\nWith rumours having surfaced in the Capital that the King of Baoding's most staunch ally and friend escaped to Sichuan, it would appear that the Marshal managed to sway [SZC.GetLeader] to his side. Attempting to mount one last, final campaign of reconquest to oust our Mandate, the Zhili Clique have proven themselves an exceedingly resilient opponent. Despite controlling a famine and civil war province largely considered a backwater, the Zhili still retain a large amount of their forces, and have the sheer willpower to see their campaign through.
That blasted Marshal of Tianjin!
Their cause has merit!
Growing Rifts
Long a component of the internal politics of the Zhili Clique, the Clique itself is distinctly split amongst numerous lines. The North Zhili, under the auspices of the late Cao Kun, Wu Peifu and Wang Chengbin. The South Zhili, under the whims of Sun Chuanfang and Qi Xieyuan. Even within those branches, there lies intra-personal faction dynamics. The North has its Luoyang and Jinbao factions, belonging to Wu and Cao. The South has the dispensable loyalties of all of Sun Chuanfang's underlings. And even then, there remains the crucial split between the men of guns and the men of words.\n\nWhen the Zhili Clique restored their control of Beijing in the late 1920s, the Zhili Clique would formally attempt to organise themselfs into a legitimate government. With the majority of the men of words taking positions within the Assembly and Cabinet, the men of guns would resign themselves to controlling Provinces, and their own sections of the provincial and central armies. Following the death of Cao and Wu however, the intricate balance and relationships between the military and political wings of the Clique has been torn apart.\n\nWith Wu and Cao reigning in their respective wings, their absence has led to the drawing of daggers between the likes of Marshal Wang and his suited contemporaries. Exile further straining relations, the civilians have gathered themselves around the magnanimous Yan Huiqing. A senior diplomat, bureaucrat, former Prime Minister and President, he has begun to frequently argue with Wang Chengbin and the rest of the Zhili Military Apparatus over the best course of action for the future of their governance. Due to their conflict, many within the former Sichuan provincial government fear that a deep rift is beginning to open.
We cannot be divided now!
Ascension of the Diplomat
A curiosity amongst the inner circles of the Zhili Clique, many within the internal patronage network actually consider Yan Huiqing to be that of an outsider. Having never formally been welcomed into the fold of the Zhili, Yan himself represents the prestigious, and mostly apolitical, diplomatic corps of the Beiyang Republic. Serving multiple times in a caretaker role as Prime Minister or President on behalf of the Zhili Clique, Yan has proven himself incredibly dilligent in regards to ensuring that Beiyang governments remain afloat.\n\nOnce again it would appear that Yan is necessary to maintain stability and prevent anarchy for the Zhili. Having managed to negotiate enough support, leveraging his extensive ties to the bureaucracy and spotless track record, Yan has utilised his position within the government to request from Marshal Wang that they pursue a civilian path, which Wang has accepted. Being elected to the position of President, in exile of course, alongside being joined by the likes of Gu Weijun, Bai Jianwu, Wang Kemin, Marshal Wang and Gao Lingwei amongst others, Yan Huiqing's government resembles that of one carefully balanced between Beiyang bureaucrats and Zhili diehards.\n\nWith the noble goal of asserting civilian control over the military, and preventing the foolish missteps that lead to the Manchu Coup in the first place, many are hopeful of their goals. Albeit many are equally sceptical that they will accomplish anything of note.
We must learn from our mistakes.
The Rise of the Scion of Tianjin
The Third Hierarch. The Scion of Tianjin. Minister of the Army. Marshal of the Republic. Traitor to the Zhili. Wang Chengbin retains numerous monikers of mixed sentiments. Lacking the national respect and loyalty of the Jade Marshal, Wang has always played second fiddle to Wu Peifu. Yet Wang was perhaps the only man Wu Peifu feared, for he genuinely threatened his position within the Zhili Clique, having been a companion of Cao Kun longer than Wu had been. Putting everything on the line to aid his mentor, Wang would ultimately be relegated to soft retirement due to Wu's machinations, resulting in Wang's treachery in the Beijing Coup of 1924.\n\nReturning to the fold during the third ZhiFeng War, Wang would prove himself to be President Cao Kun's most loyal advocate within military circles, acting as his mouthpiece and an ever present reminder of the King of Baoding's looming network over the military apparatus. And on that day, Wang was one of the few suspicious of the buildup towards the eventful coup attempt, colluding with the Jade Marshal over reports of strenuous troop manoeuvres. And yet he could feasibly do nothing to save his mentor, or the reviled Wu Peifu. Consumed by himself, he would nonetheless order a relentless counter-attack attempting to squash the rebellion before it gained any steam.\n\nUltimately futile, now here he is, a vengeful spirit, a dead man walking. Having shot up to the forefront of the Zhili Hierarchy, Wang commands the admiration of the full essence of the Jinbao Clique, and even some members of the Luoyang Clique curry favour with the Marshal of Tianjin. Utilising his now legendary status, Wang managed to force the civilians under Yan Huiqing to kowtow to the military's primacy in such an emergency situation. Promising a swift retribution towards the fledgling, paltry Manchu forces to the Remnant High Command, many within the Clique and the nation are preparing for the last ride of the Zhili Clique.
Rip and tear...until it is done.
New Blood in New Water
Utterly demolished beyond repair, having lost both its Head and Second-in-Command, the Zhili Clique Guanxi system has been thrown into complete disarray following the Coup attempt. Able to muster some semblance of authority, at least enough to mount an admirable resistance in lieu of the Jade Marshal, Wang Chengbin's new position as the absolute authority of the North Zhili Clique has only recently been cemented, with the acquiescence of all other potential claimants, such as that of Zhang Qihuang or Cai Chengxun.\n\nHowever what remains of the Zhili military hierarchy is a shambled corpse, riddled with bullet holes. Losing numerous officer in the fighting still, there has been a dire neccessitation for reform, modernisation and the elevation of youthful survivors to the forefront of military command. Blaming Wu Peifu's reluctance and inability to enact meaningful reforms in the high command due to believing in his perfect system of complete officer autonomy, Marshal Wang Chengbin has written letters to a series of commanders, requesting the names of exceptional individuals whom have proven themselves beyond the normal line of duty.\n\nUndertaking a massive reform effort in light of the exile, the Marshal has collaborated with the likes of Jiang Baili to implement and utilise his extensive military strategy knowledge in the hopes that the new doctrine will be enough to vanquish the nascent and inexperienced Royalist armies. Reflecting, one can only place faith in the loyalty and tenacity of the common soldier to see the Zhili's vengeance to fruition.
Marching to the Future under Marshal Wang!
Resugence of the Zhili Clique?
Having long ruled China intermittently, from 1922 to 1924, and from 1927 to 1936, the Zhili Clique seemed as if it was the de-facto dominant power within the whole nation. With Beijing in its stranglehold, the most powerful man in China at its side, and the numerous connections utilised by Cao Kun, many believed that their rule would weather any storm. Although following the League Collapse, and the inaction of the Cabinet to intervene on the side of either the League or the Anti-Concessionists, the Royal Court utilised the negative popular sentiment, and the estrangement of the Zhili's German benefactors, in order to spur an opportunity to eradicate the hydra at its head.\n\nAnd so the Manchu Princes and the Zongshe party would doubt the tenacity, stubborness and willpower of the Zhili Clique. Rallying around the now infamous Marshal of Tianjin, Wang Chengbin, the Zhili would greatly wound the Manchu Government as they fought a delayed retreat into neighbouring provinces. Willing to sacrifice self and soul in order to prevent the return of an absolutist monarchy, the numerous last stands in the Zhili-Manchu Civil War was reminiscent of the Xinhai Revolution. Dying as martyrs for their cause, the Manchu would treat them with extreme prejudice. Eradicating villages and whole cities to ensure the annihilation of the Zhili Clique.\n\nHowever here they are, the [SZC.GetName], representatives of the steel defiance of the Zhili Clique. Under the auspices of [SZC.GetLeader], they have reached out to [ROOT.GetLeader] with a peculiar offer. Proposing an equal pact of loyalty and co-belligerence, they desire a collaborative effort to oust the Manchu menace from Beijing, and restore the true authority of the Xinhai Revolution's former republican glory.
Of course! Old friends must stick together in trying times.
You were beaten back once, who's to say it won't happen again?
[FROM.GetName] has accepted our request!
Seeing the wisdom in our request, and perhaps admiring our ambitions, our tenacity, our ferocity, [FROM.GetName] has willingly accepted our request for a co-belligerence agreement. Pledging their soldiers, their weapons, and their government towards our cause of joint eradication against the Manchu upstarts, we will soon see the return of a true, revolutionary and republican Chinese government! Zhonghua Minguo Wansui!
A toast to our new compatriots!
[FROM.GetName] has rejected our request!
The weak fools in [FROM.GetName] have, perhaps out of cowardice or fear of reprisal from Beijing, utterly refused our request for a common co-belligerence agreement. Whilst not devastating to the Anti-Manchu cause, it clearly showcases that [FROM.GetName] has absolutely no intentions of following in the footsteps of the revolutionary martyrs that bled and suffered for the resolution of Xinhai. No matter! With the Marshal of Tianjin we shall crush the perfidious Manchu, and then these inept stragglers!
Your time will come!
The Zhili Clique Returns
After the assassination of Wu Peifu and Cao Kun in Beijing during the Manchu Coup and the subsequent collapse of the Zhili Clique, most consigned the former warlord alliance to the dustbin of history. Yet, recent developments have cast doubt upon these assumptions.\n\nRumours swirl that Marshal Wang Chengbin, thought dead after the fall of Luoyang, miraculously survived Luoyang and allied himself with the province's governor, Yang Sen - a former ally of Wu Peifu. Both leaders are now rallying the disparate Zhili remnants that fled the North after the Coup and already anti-Manchu propaganda has begun to spread into the surrounding provinces. It seems the Zhili Clique is far more resilient than it was given credit for.
Do they ever give up?
A new threat to the Manchu.
Arrival of a Comrade
Ever a sturdy, adaptable grouping of durable commanders and soldiers, the Zhili Clique has handled nigh destruction numerous times in its history, and has always returned stronger. During the Second ZhiFeng War, the Clique first faced absolute annihilation. With Feng Yuxiang and Wang Chengbin's defection spurring on the 1924 Beijing Coup, it would see the capture of Cao Kun, the expulsion of Wu Peifu and the majority of his command staff, with the last remnants of Zhili control remaining within the hands of Hubei Governor Xiao Yaonan.\n\nEven at that point, the Clique rejuvenated themselves, with Wu seeking refuge with Zhao Hengti, retaking Henan Province, and recapturing Zhili province with the additional aid of Fengtian. And again, when the all consuming torrent of revolutionary fervour, the National Revolutionary Army, marched northwards to expel all warlords, of any allegiance, the North and South Zhili alongside Fengtian banded together to form the Anguojun. Cao Kun, utilising his connections and wit, negotiated German intervention, and the rest was history.\n\nPresumptuously here we are again, with the core Zhili Clique and the Cabinet fleeing to Sichuan, none were aware of the true extent of the Clique's losses. Presumably, many had their flames extinguished in the fighting. Early this morning, however, a general and some of his retainers have straggled into Chengdu, carrying with them armaments, and a small reserve of gold.
Your time is not over yet!
Luoyang Retaken
The wreckage, the carnage, the bloodshed. Marshal Wang and his other compatriots are all too familiar with the scene of Luoyang not too long ago. Long an ancient, core cradle of Chinese civilisation, Luoyang as it stands is but a shell of its former self. With history dating back to the Classical Era, Luoyang was even the capital of numerous dynasties, such as that of the Eastern Han, becoming the focal point of China for decades. With such a stature however, Luoyang has seen numerous hardships, numerous destructions, pillaging, the whole ensemble of devastation.\n\nEver since the Yuan dynasty, Luoyang's status as the \
If only Wu could see us now!
The Fall of Wuchang
Another one of the Zhili's tremendous strongholds, Wuhan (the collective name for Wuchang, Hankou and Hanyang) was not spared the ferocity of Royalist forces in their bloodlust to drive the Zhili out of the Central Plains. With history dating back to the Shang Dynasty, in its hallowed ground lies 3500 years of Chinese culture and civlisation. One of the key hotspots of ancient Confucianism, it spurred on the \
Where it ended. And where it shall begin again.
The Fall of Beijing
Perhaps the most pivotal, valued, and internationally known city in all of China, Beijing's history dates back 3000 years, and its role both in our catapult to power, and in our downfall, is with no equal. The earliest events of Beijing's history however, are shrouded in myth and legend, with the first event in its history retaining historical backing being the deposure of the last Shang King by King Wu of Zhou. Long a seat of power within the north, Beijing's history is marred by raids from frontier nomads, and the continued construction of even more elaborate defences to defend against them.\n\nIronically, Beijing would first be placed onto the map of significance under the guise of \
Zhonghua Minguo Wansui!
Deposition of the Boy Emperor
Finally our forces managed to break into the heavily fortified Forbidden City. Inundated with the elite, devoted and zealous forces of the Imperial Guard, several layers of defence lay before our brave soldiers. With the majority of our forces, diverted to other fronts or otherwise clearing out the streets of Beijing from its decadence, only a small grouping of several detachments were dispensed with sieging and taking the Imperial Court. Under the local authority of Guo Jijiao, an exceptional young commander with a flood of potential, he devised an excellent strategy of thorough sweeps between the halls and annals of the Palace and its external structures.\n\nExperiencing heavy casualties, but with morale overflowing, the brave men under Guo implemented a methodical search for the Boy Emperor and his clan. Encountering the likes of Jixing and Zaitao as exterior defenders, the two Manchu Princes would ultimately fall to advancing Zhili units. Leading a small squad, Guo would successfully excavate the throne room, finding Puyi hidden behind the Dragon Throne, cowering in fear. As they tried to drag him from the room his brother alongside his cousin, Princes Pujie and Xiqia, burst into the room with a few remaining guardsmen, attempting to suicidally prevent Guo from seizing the Emperor.\n\nHowever futile their last stand was, many brave men died in the exchange, with Guo even being wounded. Not withstanding, the Emperor has been captured, and his puppetmasters are dead! Whilst many of the more radical members of the military staff and cabinet are demanding blood for blood, Marshal Wang and Yan have soothed tempers. Recognising that Puyi was genuinely unaware of the original coup attempt, they have instead elected to throw Puyi into prison. For whilst he cannot be blamed for the death of Cao or Wu, his crimes against the Republic are numerous. Potentially in the future, he can be released, as a model citizen. Until then, he rots.
Congratulate the brave Guo! Death to Monarchy!
Remembering the King of Baoding
Now that our reconquest of Zhili territory and the city of Beijing is complete, it is time to bury the bodies, reconstruct the nation, and handle bereavement. Many were lost in the perennial struggle, Republicans against the Monarchy. In the Zhili-Manchu War, in our reconquest, in Xinhai and the struggles thereafterwards. A nation of so much beauty, love and compassion, constantly at our kinsmen's throats over perfidious ideological convictions, power games, and the hunger of warlords. Under the miasma of it all, the ever encompassing consumption of conviction and rage, it is often understated that we're all human. Fellow Chinese. Are we not proud of our millennia old civilisation, having withstanded the test of time?\n\nInstead we squabble amongst ourselves, with revolt, civil war, whilst the foreign imperialists grow stronger ever more. The martyrs, our nation's heroes! Oh how bountiful their knowledge and majesty! Only they truly understood what was at stake. And only now do we fully understand their message. Attempting to construct a nation out of a shambling cadre of warlord militarists is not an easy task. President Cao and Marshal Wu knew this too well. And yet they numerate many of the dead in this struggle. The King of Baoding, decried as the Bribing President, a true patriot intending nothing more than to strengthen his nation. The Jade Marshal, despite his continued animosity with Marshal Wang, also carried with him a grandeur of nation-building.\n\nTo erect a monument out of the rubble of the Chinese Republic, to reconstruct it singlehandedly. That was their task, and they were wiped away too soon to see it to fruition. And so it falls to us, their descendents, to carry on the mission of our forebearers and allow the Five Races Under One Union to finally fly with pride. Commemorating this occasion of remembrance and reflection, [SZC.GetLeader] has instituted a day of mourning across the nation for those who sacrificed to see the Republic carry on. It is our only hope, our only desire, that their extinguishment was not in vain.
Our nation, marred by damnable conflict.
Reinvigoration of Chinese Democracy
With the mantle of the Beiyang Republic now upon our shoulders, it is unto us to carry forth its lofty dreams. Born out of idealism, born out of the hope for something better than the faithless monarchists, it ultimately bore no fruit. Torn apart by rabid militarists more keen to stuff their pockets and keep their influence than do their just and lawful service for the nation.\n\n\
Proof of our legacy!
The Austere Candidate
Rise of the Diplomat
Ultimately expected to enter for re-election, the aging and refined Yan Huiqing has once again thrown his hat into the ring. Ostensibly a man washed of politics in all manner of the word, Yan nonetheless has continuously been thrusted behind the steering wheel to ensure that the Beiyang Republic doesn't self-immolate in a calamity of chaos. Identifying that this moment in Chinese history is a watershed, and that the nation very well needs a stern, reliable hand at the top, he has signalled to the authorities his own candidacy.\n\nBacked by the likes of the Luoyang Faction, the technocrats and the apolitical within the establishment, Yan's campaign is a rather milquetoast one. Expecting his own merits and service to carry him to victory, he likely is correct in that assumption as carrying the torch during China's darkest hour is no small feat. Yet many within his inner circle are concerned that he may perhaps be opposed by a candidate at the behest of Marshal Wang's Tianjin faction. If they were to capitalise on Yan's complacency and lack of vigorous firebrand speeches, it could very well be a triumph.
Ultimately expected to once again challenge the Marshal, the aging and refined Yan Huiqing has reportedly thrown his hat into the ring. Ostensibly a man washed of politics in all manner of the word, Yan nonetheless has continuously been thrusted behind the steering wheel to ensure that the Beiyang Republic doesn't self-immolate in a calamity of chaos. Identifying that this moment in Chinese history is a watershed, and that the nation very well needs a stern, reliable hand at the top, he has signalled to the authorities his own candidacy.\n\nBacked by the likes of the Luoyang Faction, the technocrats and the apolitical within the establishment, Yan's campaign is a rather invigorated one. Focusing on the stubborn complaceny of the Tianjin faction, he has reportedly branded himself as a \
All Forward with the Diplomatic Corps!
Squire of Tianjin
Tianjin's Candidate
Perhaps a relief to many, and a surprise to those uninitiated, the Marshal of Tianjin has no presumptions about his one role in China's democracy. Privy to let the politicians do the politicking, the Marshal has instead opted to ensure his legacy, the legacy of Tianjin, is carried forth by another within the clique. Meeting behind closed doors with only his most loyal, it was resolutely decided, almost unanimously if it wasn't for Wang Kemin positing himself as a candidate, that the esteemed Gao Lingwei would finally reach the peaks of the presidency.\n\nEver an astute politician, Gao Lingwei finds himself a career bureaucrat in an idealists world. Serving in various capacities at the provincial, and later cabinet level, Gao has been a politician ever since the age of twenty five, and yet it has been an arduously rocky path to pursue. Having only been realised through connections to various figures such as Zhang Zhidong, Xiong Xiling and Cao Kun, Gao finds himself once again a benefactor of someone else's benevolence. Nonetheless he is an exceedignly capable statesman, and certainly not without his own ambitions. With connections and ties all across the nation, Gao is a studious hand backed by the nation's heroes.
Not one to sit down without a fight, Marshal Wang Chengbin has reportedly placed the full weight of his Tianjin faction behind his own candidate in the Presidential Election. Reportedly receiving damnation from Yan Huiqing's inner-circle, turning what was believed to be a one-sided race into a split vote. Meeting behind closed doors with only his most loyal, it was resolutely decided, almost unanimously if it wasn't for Wang Kemin positing himself as a candidate, that the esteemed Gao Lingwei would finally reach the peaks of the presidency.\n\nEver an astute politician, Gao Lingwei finds himself a career bureaucrat in an idealists world. Serving in various capacities at the provincial, and later cabinet level, Gao has been a politician ever since the age of twenty five, and yet it has been an arduously rocky path to pursue. Having only been realised through connections to various figures such as Zhang Zhidong, Xiong Xiling and Cao Kun, Gao finds himself once again a benefactor of someone else's benevolence. Nonetheless he is an exceedignly capable statesman, and certainly not without his own ambitions. With connections and ties all across the nation, Gao is a studious hand backed by the nation's heroes.
Tianjin carries the Zhili's legacy!
Culmination of the Great Struggle
As is the spirit of the Begonia Flower, the election cycle as of recent was cordial, cautious and considerate. With even the most fiercely anti-Zhili candidates such as Huang Fu and Hu Shih acting with respect for the Clique. As even they acknowledge that without the Zhili's sacrifices, they would not even be standing in their current positions, and the Republic as we know it may very well have been squandered.\n\nIn light of this, the many delegates within the Assembly and Senate were the real figures to sway. With the majority of the Harmony Association either fleeing, being imprisoned or murdered in light of the Beijing Coup, their previous stranglehold in the organs of government is far from certain. And therefore a real chance for the opposition to seize the day presented itself. At least, that's what the newspapers and idealists believe.\n\nIn reality, the Chinese people and officials know all too well that whilst the opposition parties contributed their fair share to the reconstitution of the Beiyang Republic, it was the Zhili and Zhili alone that rallied for the Five Races Under One Union in defiance of Japanese lapdogs and autocratic Monarchists. To this end, the Election of [GetYear] whilst feasibly split between numerous candidates, really was isolated towards two. With the Baoding and Tianjin factions of the Zhili Clique propping up their preferred candidate, Gao Lingwei, the Luoyang faction alongside the \
Gao sweeps the Assembly!
The Diplomat's honeyed words win the day!
Loss of our Momentum
Our mission, our goal, our reason for rebellion! The deposition of the Boy Emperor and the restoration of the Beiyang Republic! It has been brutally ripped from our hands! Nonetheless, the Beiyang Republic in its true form lives on in our government. Whilst we may not control Beijing, the Marshal has ensured the government that he will make it his life's mission to see the country united, the restoration of the Assembly and Cabinet in its rightful place. Until such matters are concluded however, an interim period has been instituted by [ROOT.GetLeader].\n\nThe Zhili have endured worse, far worse, facing nigh extinction numerous times. Reportedly Marshal Wang has assembled an emergency staff meeting with the likes of Zhang Qihuang, Jiang Baili, Bai Jianwu and Gao Lingwei in order to draft a new series of strategic plans, utilising both the organs of the military and political cabinet, to re-orient the reclamation towards restoring the Zhili and the true Beiyang Republic, as opposed to merely ejecting the Royalists.\n\nIn parallel to the Marshal's meeting, it would appear a series of remnants from the Beijing political scene have flooded into our lands. Whilst usually they would be immediately detained upon entering our borders, the Luoyang faction, Cabinet, and the rest of the civilians have put their political weight behind their amnesty. Suggesting that they could prove useful in the reclamation, the Marshal has relented.
Beijing is right in front of us! We cannot falter!
Tian Songyao Rejoins the Department
Ever the opportunist, Tian Songyao left us so as to not draw the ire of Yang Sen after his failed coup in 1923. Once Yang fell from his grace and we rose to power, the turncoat Tian has pleaded with us to bring allow him back into the department.
Welcome him back.
Order Restored in Chongqing
After Xiang fled the city, the Accelerated Department and its administrative functions fell apart. The head of the snake was, as they say, cut off. Since then, the city and its nearby regions has suffered widespread turmoil. From commoners struggling to deal with the chaos to opportunists looting and robbing in the wake of the chaos, the city has hardly known a peaceful moment for a long time.\n\nWith this in mind, we're pleased to report that the efforts of our military police has finally managed to quell the worst unrest. For the most part, order in the city has been restored and the basic functions of the local administration are up and running again. It won't be long until business as usual can return to Chongqing.
Good news, at least.
The Diarchy
The Baoding Department is unique in the sense that it's not controlled by one strong warlord. Instead, it's noted for its strong cooperation between its most dominant figures. On one side, there's Deng Xihou, a career officer mostly concerned with military theory, social reforms and rural development. On the other, there's Liu Wenhui, Liu Xiang's uncle, who is known for his dedication towards academic and administrative reform.\n\nTogether they form an equilibrium between traditionalism and reformism, having a good track record of working together. While having a system of balancing influences has saved the department from spiralling into the kinds of internal squabbling and feuding that has marked many other cliques in China, should this balance be broken and one said gain too much prominence over the other there's little doubt that the Baoding Department could fall victim to these kinds of problems as well. As such, care should be taken to preserve the diarchy and not have it become seen as yet another Chinese autocracy.
Together, for a better Sichuan.
Liu Wenhui Asserts Control
With his efforts to modernise Sichuan bearing fruit, the people in the cities and beyond have seen a clear rise in their lives thanks to him. This has been accompanied by a well-oiled administrative body and state apparatus that, thanks in no small part to his initiative, have helped him rise to prominence. While the cooperative spirit of the diarchy remains, there's no doubt that Liu's successful reforms have made him the de-facto controller of the Baoding Department for the time being.
Sichuan's modernity will be the envy of China!
Deng Xihou Asserts Control
After a series of popular reforms, Deng Xihou's prominence has gone from strength to strength. With widespread support from the rural population and soldiers, his reforms are at the top of the Sichuanese agenda. While the diarchy remains in a spirit of healthy cooperation, it's evident that the more traditionally-minded Deng Xihou's faction currently stands out as the current de-facto controller of the Baoding Department.
Sichuan shall become a model for all of China!
Liu Wenhui Protests Military Direction
The strength of friendship and cooperation is measured not only by the positives, but the ability to withstand and overcome the negatives. Recently, Liu Wenhui's faction has urged a change in course as Deng Xihou has steered the department into an overwhelmingly militarist direction. While no one can doubt that Sichuan has some of the most well-drilled soldiers in China and that Deng has had great successes in helping out those in the countryside, this has come at the expense of other areas of reform. Indeed, the emphasis of one over the other has led to the administrative side being neglected. Deng is being urged to return to a more balanced approach, lest a more drastic correction becomes necessary.
He might have a point...
Deng Xihou Protests Industrial Direction
In light of the overwhelming focus on industrialisation and great projects in the major cities, Deng Xihou has started to voice concerns that this has come at the expense of not only the army, but the rural development as well. Indeed, while no one doubts that he's had successes in his fields, this has come at the expense of an army nearing disarray and a rural population faring little better now than they did before the civil war. In light of this, Deng and other high-ranking members of the department are urging a swift change of course towards the balance that has previously been the hallmark of the department. If this doesn't happen, there's a certainty that a more drastic course correction measure will be seen.
He might have a point...
The Warlord of Xikang
The rivalry between Liu Xiang and his uncle Liu Wenhui is a long and bitter one. Now, however, it seems like it's about to reach its conclusion. In the wake of the routing of the Baoding Department during the war, Wenhui was able to escape to his power base in the mountainous region of Xikang, just to the east of Tibet. While the remnants of the Baoding force are badly scarred by their loss in the civil war, the sheer distance between Chongqing and Wenhui's mountain stronghold makes a swift military victory unlikely. The logistical nightmare of such a venture alone makes it unthinkable without serious preparations.\n\nOne way or another, this situation will need to be resolved if Liu Xiang is to fully consolidate his victory.
A matter to be dealt with, sooner or later.
A Question of Family
Since the formal end of Sichuan's civil war, there's been an ongoing conflict between Liu Xiang and his uncle. The opium riches has allowed Wenhui to gradually recover his forces and with the control of the mountains he currently holds the initiative. As time goes by, Wenhui will grow stronger, making the already difficult task of invading his mountainous stronghold more difficult with each day that passes.\n\nLiu Xiang must now decide how to deal with his wayward uncle. A peaceful solution isn't impossible, but Xiang's price for an alliance will not be cheap. On the other hand, an open conflict is anything but a certain victory.
Our interests align - offer him an alliance!
He will submit, like all the others.
A Letter From Xikang
Today a courier arrived in Chongqing bearing a most important message for Liu Xiang. Sparse on the formalities, it was quick and to the point. In it, Xiang's uncle curtly stated that he would be open to working together with him, albeit at a price.\n\nFrustratingly enough, his price isn't gold, but reforms. He wants to see his dreams of a new Sichuan be realised under Xiang's rule. With widespread social and educational reforms that don't fully align with Xiang's own vision for Sichuan. Agreeing would mean a peaceful end to the conflict, but is this a price worth paying for such a thing?
Very well, an affordable price.
Who does he think he is!?
Alliance of Two Lius
An uneasy alliance has formed between nephew and uncle, formalised by a tense meeting in Chongqing where the pair tried their best to pretend that everything was fine. Wenhui clearly doesn't trust his nephew and Xiang isn't pleased with the sacrifices he has been forced to commit to in order to secure this deal. Hands were shook, a picture was taken for the press and the meeting ended almost as soon as it started.\n\nWhile the situation isn't ideal, the truce seems to hold for now. With the warlord of Xikang brought into his fold, Liu Xiang can now return to pursuing his ambitions for a greater Sichuan.
Let's see if this will last...
Xikang's Defiance
To Xiang's great frustration, his uncle has been biding his time in the mountains since the civil war ended. It seems evident by now that if no action is taken, Xikang will remain a de-facto autonomous region beyond the control of Chongqing.\n\nFinding this situation intolerable, Liu Xiang must now decide how to act. Either remove him through underhanded means, or prepare for an invasion of Xikang itself and evict Wenhui from his little mountain kingdom.
Have him assassinated.
Send in the troops!
A Bullet, Narrowly Missed
While Ya'an's remoteness from the rest of Sichuan has spared it from the worst of the civil war's violence, any illusions of it lasting were dashed today as Xiang fired the first shots in the war between him and his uncle.\n\nThe city hall which had become Wenhui's de-facto headquarters since assuming power was the scene of the attempted crime. With only a narrow window to take him out, an assassin opened for on him with a scoped Gewehr 98k rifle from a nearby building as Wenhui exited his car on the short way to the building itself. It was a brazen act that nearly succeeded. As luck would have it though, the shot miraculously missed Wenhui by a mere fraction of an inch, leaving a mark as it passed near the very fabric of his uniform but spared the warlord from any injuries. His personal bodyguards then quickly covered him and rushed him into the building, leaving the sniper with no hopes to succeed with a second shot.\n\nThe tight security in the city meant that the culprit was apprehended by soldiers before he could escape. On pain of death, he confessed to everything, as if an admission of Xiang's involvement was really needed at this point. Absolutely furious at the cowardice and brazenness of his nephew for trying to kill him, Liu Wenhui ordered his forces into full war readiness. It seems that war will have to resolve this matter now.
Drat.
Liu Wenhui Invades the Basin
Early this morning, the restructured remnants of the Baoding Department under the leadership of Liu Wenhui invaded the Sichuanese basin. After the attempt on his life, this was seen as an inevitability. Knowing that an invasion was imminent, Xiang had ordered his troops to prepare for the inevitable, meaning that it wasn't long until the two armies met.\n\nThe first battle took place between the bulk of Wenhui's forces and a few smaller brigades of troops from the Accelerated Department sent to guard the long border with Wenhui's domain. The length of this border, however, meant that Xiang had a hard time creating a defensive strongpoint, meaning that this force was mostly meant to hold off the invasion long enough to fall back once the rest of the Accelerated Department had mobilised and prepared for a counter-attack. The battle would be a draw, with Xiang's soldiers being forced to withdraw sooner than expected, but hampering the advance of Wenhui enough to prevent them from overrunning the basin. The war is far from over however and for now it seems like either side can win this.
It's war, then.
Liu Wenhui Blocks Entry into Xikang
As expected, the march on Ya'an was proving to be a difficult venture. As soon as his forces entered Xikang, they were met with prepared defences in the mountains with few roads to speak of, meaning that even small squads with machine guns and mortars could hold off Xiang's forces for hours and inflict debilitating losses upon them as narrow roads were turned into kill zones. Be that as it may, the Accelerated Department marches on, evidently determined to take the mountains by force no matter the costs.
It's war, then.
Two Lius' War
What started out as border skirmishing quickly developed into the two standing armies trying to advance into one-another's territory. A back and forth followed, as neither side was initially able to gain a clear advantage over the other. While the Accelerated Department is stronger on paper, their task of taking Ya'an is a daunting one to say the least. Once more, Sichuan has fallen into a bloody civil war.
Punish this insolence!
The Two Lius' War
After the victory of Liu Xiang's faction of the Accelerated Department in the recent Sichuanese civil war, the ambitious and aggressive Liu Xiang rose to power. Many observers both at home and abroad saw this as a worrisome development as few believe even for a second that his lust for power will stop at his own border. Recently, however, an opportunity to remove him has shown itself.\n\nThere is a known rivalry between Liu Xiang and his uncle Liu Wenhui, the latter still controlling large portions of the remnants of the Baoding Department which fought in the last civil war. This rivalry has now turned into yet another civil war between the two. While it's certain to harm Xiang's ambitions regardless of outcome, this does present the opportunity to bring the far less aggressive Baoding Department to power. Perhaps we should tip the scales of the conflict by providing covert aid to Liu Wenhui's efforts to oust his nephew?
Send help to Liu Wenhui.
We have nothing to gain by interfering.
Tian Songyao Sides With Liu Wenhui
The rush to war seems to have had unintended consequences for the Accelerated Department. Tian the turncoat has switched sides numerous times in the past and served every master known to Sichuan. While a backstabbing opportunist, his considerable personal force has still allowed him to scrape by. It seems that now, however, he's officially declared himself loyal to the Baoding Department once more and sided with them, as he did over a decade ago. Why he had this convenient change of heart in the middle of a war is anyone's guess, but anyone that knows this snake ought to know that it likely won't be his last.
Traitor!
The Battle of Meishan
Regardless of who shot first, the Baoding remnants weren't going to survive for long if they advanced into the basin. As such, they had been predominantly relied on the harsh terrain of Xikang to wear down the Accelerated Department. They could hold off the superior enemy forces with relative ease and few numbers by simply funnelling them through prepared defences. While this slowed them down, this was a war of attrition where one side was able to replace their losses while Xikang was devoid of an industrial base.\n\nEventually, the slow push by the Accelerated Department put the bulk of their forces outside of the city of Meishan, the last major strategic obstacle on the road to Ya'an. While Baoding had bought themselves plenty of time to prepare their defences, they were clearly in an unenviable position as they fought an enemy that, on paper, was superior. It had, however, been withered down by attrition and a portion of the heavy equipment was still being transported through the mountain passes.\n\nLiu Xiang must now choose: mount a full-on assault without the support of the department's heavy equipment, or wait for it to arrive and utilise it to full effect. Attacking now should provide a good chance for surprise, but it's a risky gamble against the city's prepared defences. On the other hand, it would at the very least take several days to bring the artillery pieces to the front, giving Baoding valuable time to prepare.
Storm the city now!
Wait for reinforcements before attacking.
The mountains were their only ally. With them behind us, they have nothing. They're poorly supplied, disorganised and under-equipped. Even without our heavy guns, we should have enough firepower to make short work of them. Once we storm the city, their defences are sure to crumble before the might of the Accelerated Department.
Although they're in a difficult position, without our artillery to take out their cannons and machine guns we'll endure staggering losses. Although getting them here will prove very difficult given the terrain, more cautious officers believe it's well worth the effort.
The Assault on Meishan
Choosing to attack right away, the Accelerated Department was pitted against the city's defenders without their heavy equipment. Even without them however, the divisions had many more mortars, machine guns and light cannons to prove a match for the city's defenders. Baoding had already lost most of their heavy equipment in the first phase of the civil war that saw Xiang take Chengdu. With little chance to replace these losses, the city's defences were rather simple, all told. Trenches, old machine guns and rifles made up the bulk of them, with an occasional cannon forming a handful of strong points in a wedge outline.\n\nAlthough Xiang's forces faced heavy losses in taking the city, the main defensive line was broken within hours of fighting. Wenhui wasn't a brilliant strategist by any stretch of the imagination and his primitive defensive lines offered few surprises for the attackers. After the centrepiece of the defensive line was broken, the Accelerated Department swarmed into the city and shattered the remaining defences from the sides. Although Liu Wenhui managed to escape, prisoners of war already tell that morale is low and that even he has no hopes of winning.
The family feud will soon have a winner.
The Xikang Rout
While opting to wait, not only did Xiang give the defenders more time to prepare, but his forces were constantly subjected to harassment by Baoding forces in the mountains. Getting supplies to the front was a logistical nightmare and many of the artillery pieces being moved were damaged or lost to the perilous mountain roads as Xiang had ordered haste to go before safety.\n\nOnce the attack was ready, the few artillery pieces that made it to the front did not make much of a difference. Xiang's forces had been withered down by the thousands through attrition, both at the hands of the mountains and rear-guard actions by Baoding. It was a demoralised force that eventually attacked the well-prepared defences and the losses suffered to nature quickly showed. While the defences around the city were an unimaginative imitation of Weltkrieg-era fortifications, the few cannons and machine guns that Wenhui possessed were able to hold the line against the enemy, albeit narrowly. After several successive assaults, the city had been damaged, the defences were badly battered, but Xiang's vanguard had been destroyed. Thousands laid dead on the ground, many more were injured or taken prisoner.\n\nWith no hopes of taking the city, Xiang is now forced to retreat from Xiking. While no force in Sichuan was able to match the Accelerated Department in the field, the Accelerated Department had finally been bested by the mountains themself more than anything else. As they retreated, it was a disaster akin to Napoleon's flight from Moscow as the terrain and pursuers kept withering down the once might Accelerated Department. There's already talk about a mutiny within the Accelerated Department and Xiang's future seems very uncertain.
The family feud will soon have a winner.
The First Naval Exercise
Despite being a landlocked country, Liu Xiang insisted that a navy was of utmost importance. He envisioned a future where mighty ships that would rival the German Hochseeflotte in its finest days would patrol the Yangtze River and protect Sichuanese trade. The 'first steps towards greatness' have earned Sichuan complete naval dominance in the region, granted, but simply because no one bothered with contesting it. Nevertheless, a victory is a victory. Soon it was announced that a public display of this newly attained naval might was to be had. To impress the locals and terrify future foes, of course.\n\nThe public was invited to this first naval exercise showing off the strength of the Navy. The biggest warships on this part of the Yangtze were a handful of old steam-powered ships that had been hastily converted from their old civilian roles and pressed into military service. The makeshift warships had iron plates fitted onto them, as well as batteries of guns that had been taken from local artillery regiments and forcibly converted to fit this new role. Once the naval exercise kicked off in full force, it didn't take long before the obvious problems started to show up.\n\nSichuan's first admiral must've drawn a sigh of relief when the ships could actually move despite the increase in armour and armaments. Unbearably slowly, granted, but at least they didn't sink to the bottom of the river. It would all culminate into a triple gun salute, but when the old howitzers fired, the recoil of the shots nearly made the old steam ship capsize. Panic gripped the crew and several of them jumped off into the Yangtze, fearing that their ship would fully turn over. While their worst fears were not realised, this whole farce has led to a fair bit of ridicule as the narrowly avoided naval disaster led to more than a few satirical poems being written at Xiang's expense. While the people are laughing (at least when they're sure the secret police isn't around), the same can't be said for Xiang.\n\nOr Sichuan's first admiral, for that matter.
Despite Sichuan's humble beginnings as a landlocked province, Liu Xiang always insisted that a navy was of utmost importance. He envisioned a future where mighty ships that would rival the German Hochseeflotte in its finest days would patrol the South China Sea to protect Sichuan's growing status as a regional power. The 'first steps towards greatness' have not impressed the other naval powers in the region, granted, but Xiang has nonetheless earned the attention of the naval powers in the region, if only by virtue of actually managing to building a navy in the first place. To commemorate this, it was soon announced that a public display of this newly attained naval might was to be had. To impress the locals and terrify future foes, of course.\n\nThe public was invited to this first naval exercise showing off the strength of the mighty navy. The \
Admiral Kui, you're fired!
The Mighty Air Force
Today the first shipment of imported aircraft arrived in Chongqing for official inspection from none other than the triumphant Liu Xiang himself. The whole affair had a very ceremonial flair to it more than anything else, however. This was a way to show off the beginnings of Sichuan's so-called Mighty Air Force to the world, or at the very least the assembled Chinese press. While the triumphant bombast was over-the-top for the occasion, Xiang was right to mark this as an important occasion marking the modernisation of Sichuan and the province's rapid adoption of contemporary military technology and methods.\n\nThe planes were hardly anything spectacular by global military standards, granted. While they were fine machines in the Weltkrieg, the assembled collection of formerly mothballed holdovers would hardly cause the lords in Beijing to quake in their boots - nor the emperor in Tokyo, for that matter. By the standards of China's oft-neglected interior, however, these were a great leap into the twentieth century. Given the state of the regional powers, these handful of relics could fly over the mountains and gather information on enemy positions that would be very difficult to gather on foot. The often narrow terrains of mountain passes and openness of the basins meant that even a Weltkrieg-era holdover with a pair of synchronised machine guns could effectively harass infantry formations that had never faced a strafing run before.\n\nFor all his bluster about an air force that could dominate the skies over China, he might be very right, at least as far as his own backyard is concerned. All that said, pictures were taken of Xiang shaking the hands of pilots and engineers and the stories would be printed the following day.
Mark my words, Sichuan shall rule the skies!
The Chongqing Air Parade
It wasn't long after the creation of Sichuan's 'mighty air force' that Liu Xiang declared that all of China and even the world was to tremble before its might. Eager to show to allies and enemies alike that Sichuan was to dominate the skies above China from here on out, the Chongqing Air Parade was hastily organised to demonstrate Sichuanese aerial dominance.\n\nWhile the air force itself was merely a collection of old interwar planes collecting dust in European and Japanese warehouses, it certainly impressed the crowds that had gathered to see the spectacle. After all, most of Sichuan's peasants and city-dwellers alike had scarcely even seen such flying machines in photographs. With this being the first time some of these pilots had set foot inside a cockpit, the air parade was a far cry from its counterparts in Canada and Germany and the rookie pilots would simply start and perform the most basic manoeuvres before landing, usually without any complications.\n\nSimple as it may have been, this was enough to draw applause from the crowds, many of whom were genuinely proud that their nation could boast such modern European airplanes. Towards the end of the show Xiang offered Pan Wenhua, the mayor of Chongqing, a chance to try flying along in one of the two-seat fighters. Pan, perhaps a bit weary from knowing just how inexperienced these pilots were, politely declined the offer, citing his busy schedule running the capital. His adjutant would get the honour in his place and thus the old fighter set off for the final display of the day, ordered by Xiang himself to push the plane to its limits. All remaining audience members saw the plane lift, but amazement soon turned into horror as black smoke started to pour out from the old plane's engine. The inexperienced pilot struggled to regain control of his plane as its altitude fluctuated back and forth until finally and tragically his attempts caused the plane's engine to stall, sending it down to the ground like a comet.\n\nBoth the pilot and the passenger died on the spot, to the shock and horror of the civilian and military members of the audience. It wasn't long afterwards that Pan, realising of just how narrowly he cheated death, started to quietly suspect that this had been an assassination attempt on him by the paranoid Liu Xiang. This caused discord in the alliance between him and Liu Xiang, not to mention region-wide ridicule at the farcical, yet tragic, air parade over the outskirts of Chongqing.
Someone will be shot for this!
Successful Civil Service Reforms
Sichuan province since the Xinhai Revolution developed a byzantine system because of the competing military and civilian cliques. With the Officer Department fully in charge, efforts were made to thoroughly reorganise the administration. The civil service in particular was thoroughly investigated, corrupt elements purged, capable hands hired to fill gaps and positions removed or shifted around for better efficiency. On the one hand, this disrupted the bureaucracy for quite some time, but visible improvements are already noted. It will take some more time, but the Sichuan civil service is on the way to becoming cleaner than ever.
A renewed service, for a renewed province.
A New Currency for Sichuan
While there is a single currency for all of China on paper, this hasn't been true in reality for decades. Individual, provincial, national and foreign governments, as well as banks and so on, have been printing and minting currency independently with varying legality. Sichuan has had it particularly bad because of the various cliques fighting for control of the province. Monetary reform has entered a new stage with the Officers' takeover. With proper finances restored, inflation is being brought under control, useless currencies destroyed and illegal mints shut down. With currency issuing properly restored, economic stability is slowly being restored as the provincial government's ability to run finances improves.
Another successful step forward.
A Blow Against Corruption
Corruption is endemic throughout China and Sichuan province is no exception. Too many cliques, unscrupulous and ambitious strongmen have been fighting over the province for too long and rooting out corrupt elements has been a serious challenge for our well-meaning, but young administration. Despite disruptions being noted in the administration and sometimes confrontations between government forces and powerful criminal organisations or hired goons leading to violence and damage, the Officers openly boast about different corrupt figures being arrested and punished. These events, with news spread to the people as much as possible, are helping restore confidence in the administration and, more importantly, the rule of law as corruption and banditry attain record lows.
You can't outrun the law. Not anymore.
Zhongchuan Military Act
The Zhongchuan Act was drafted by Xiong Kewu, inspired by Chen Jiongming, intending to downsize the army and demilitarise the province to reduce expenditures. The bloated armies in Sichuan have been a massive burden on the government and, more importantly, the people. The measure is meant to help restructure the provincial army and free up revenue for public works and social programmes. Since armed internal opposition has become marginal since the Officer Department's victory, it has become safe enough to implement such a radical step against warlordism and the remaining troops will focus on fighting bandits instead of each other.
The army shall serve the people now.
Army Reform Successful
The armies in Sichuan have been bloated during the Warlord Era, fighting among each other, murdering and looting indiscriminately. Reforms have been a necessity for many years, but none of the warring cliques in the province were willing to open themselves to attacks. With the power struggle over, the provincial army has been transferred back under the government's control and measures were taken to avoid the buildup of paramilitaries. With bloat reduced, funds can be put elsewhere while the remaining military budget can be used to modernise our forces and focus on combating banditry.
A new army, for a new province.
The End of Banditry
Banditry is inevitable when governments collapse and it has been endemic for years in Sichuan as the warlords struggled for control. Things became worse when rival cliques were defeated as those soldiers not integrated fled to the countryside and became bandits themselves. With reforms well-under way in the army and administration, the Provincial Army has been able to focus on rooting out the remaining bandit strongholds in the province and the latest campaign has been a major success. It won't be long before rule of law is restored across the entire province.
A warzone no more.
Accord of the New Sichuan
After yet another Sichuanese Civil War, Yang Sen's precarious house of cards has finally collapsed. In the wake of the fall of the Accelerated Department, Nine-Man Regiment headed by Xiong Kewu and the Officer Department led by Li Jiayu and Luo Zezhuo have risen to become the dominant forces in Sichuan, establishing a delicate truce. Lü Chao and his Industrial Corps have also heeded the truce, despite his hostility towards Xiong due to their bitter falling out following the KMT-Federalist split. Liu Wenhui, one of the leaders of the Baoding Department, has worked to ingratiate himself to both Li and Xiong.\n\nAfter the initial truce, Xiong and Li have called for a province-wide convention, led by the various military forces abiding by the provincial truce in hopes of determining a successor governor to Yang Sen. While many names were offered, Xiong Kewu and Li Jiayu have risen above the rest. While Xiong holds a commanding influence in the convention as Sichuan's foremost federalist, Li has found greater support amongst the minor factions.\n\nLü Chao, hesitant to embrace his old rival, has established a correspondence with Li, perhaps naively hoping to push him to embrace more revolutionary principles. Liu Wenhui, whilst greatly desiring the post of provincial governor, opted not to put his own name forward, out of fear of being driven out of Sichuan entirely. Liu has instead opted to remain quiet for much of the convention, hoping that either Xiong or Li will approach him with a request for support.
Xiong dominates the convention, as expected.
Li Jiayu's coalition outmanoeuvres the Federalist veteran!
Daring Idealists and the Great Abyss
Southern China was once a bastion of free-thinking intellectuals and a hub of progressive thought, with many working for local governors following the Zhili turn towards autocracy in 1932. In Guangdong, Liangists of the Chinese Constitutionalist Party whose leftist sympathies came under increased scrutiny in the North came under Zhang Junmai's leadership. In Yunnan, various intellectuals coalesced into the Crescent Moon Society under Luo Longji. However, it seems that even Southern China has become inhospitable to the cause of Chinese democracy.\n\nIndeed, it seems that Xiong Kewu's Sichuan Clique is the last major stronghold of federalism and liberty. Zhang Junmai's DSP, Luo Longji's CMS, as well as numerous other democratic parties formerly associated with the Federation of Chinese Democratic Parties have come together in a convention at Nanchong to discuss matters of state with Zhang Lan. While all attending parties have agreed to form a new China Democratic League, the question of leadership has become hotly contested.\n\nWhile the Liangists at the convention have continued to call for the attending parties to recognise Zhang Junmai as the leading force of the Democratic Movement in Sichuan, others have instead pointed to the host Zhang Lan as a stabilising force and as a compromise candidate. While Zhang Lan may sport leftist views which may be considered radical by many within the convention, none doubt his sincerity to democracy. In the end, Zhang Lan was nominated to become the Chairman of the China Democratic League, to the satisfaction of most.
We cannot be outdone yet!
Intellectual arrogance never ceases to amaze.
A Government of National Reconstruction
As the Zhili Clique became more hostile to liberal politics, many progressive intellectuals found themselves travelling further south for a more tolerant political climate. However it seems that even the Federalist strongholds in Southern China have fallen, leaving just Sichuan as the sole bastion of the Federalist Movement. As Federalist exiles and Third Way Democrats make their way to Sichuan, it has become clear that the mantle of freedom and provincial autonomy has fallen to Xiong, and establishment of a government for a Free China is paramount.\n\nRecognising this necessity, Xiong has called a Federalist Convention to establish the new Sichuan Federal Government. Attending is not only his Nine Man Regiment, but the Baoding Department, Young China Party, Officer Department, and China Democratic League. Although resolute in his dedication to be solely the sword of the Federalist Movement, Xiong Kewu has opted not to take on the position of Provisional President, to the surprise of many onlookers.\n\nXiong has instead called for his longtime right hand Dan Maoxin to take on leadership of the government. However, this move was criticised by the other attending parties, who accuse Xiong of consolidating the government purely around the Nine Man Regiment. In an act of compromise, Dan has nominated Zhang Lan of the CDL to the position of President. With measured enthusiasm, Zhang Lan took to the stage and declared his support for a democratic China and thanked Dan and Xiong for their support. By a landslide vote, Zhang was elected and sworn in as the Provisional President of the Federal Republic.
China's last hope for democracy lies with us.
History of the Nanchong Charter
Having been part of the republican struggle in Sichuan since the turn of the century, Zhang Lan has become a legendary figure on the political stage both within the province and across China. Zhang and his allies have been popular for being particularly vocal and comprehensive in their policy, advocating for local autonomy and provincial self-governance in a turbulent era, where the central government's presence is so weak and the north-south divide so pronounced that Sichuan cannot merely ally with either side carelessly.\n\nIn seeking to amend all of Sichuan's woes, the \
From this crucible, we will craft democracy, free and true!
Good principles, but let's not get too ahead of ourselves.
The Giant on the Jialing River
Although Zhang Lan's Presidency has taken place at China's darkest hour, the venerable scholar remains steadfast in his commitment to achieve a truly federal republic stretching from Harbin to Kashgar. Indeed, since the foundation of the Republic in 1911, President Zhang has opposed any encroaching authoritarianism that has crept into the halls of Zhangnanhai. After the fall of Yuan Shikai's paltry attempt at establishing his own autocratic dynasty, Zhang Lan supported the Constitutional Protection Movement and the Guangzhou Government, declaring that a provisional constitution was instrumental to the foundations of a stable republic.\n\nAlthough Zhang Lan attempted to end the fractious infighting between the Sichuan warlords, he was unable to stem the fighting, until the recent Federalist Convention called by Xiong which saw him elevated to the Presidency. However, Zhang also understands the tenuous position of his government. The truce called after the fall of the Accelerated Department has not stopped minor skirmishes between Sichuan's military factions. This has motivated President Zhang to undertake significant efforts to coordinate the civilian and military officials as a more united movement.\n\nIn a move to portray unity, Prime Minister Xiong Kewu has affirmed the President's reforms, declaring them to be beneficial to the stability of [ROOT.GetNameDef]. While some of the minor factions have privately grumbled that Xiong is just using President Zhang to consolidate his control of the military under the pretext of national unity, Xiong and Zhang remain a united front, and they have no choice but to play along.
The President is right to call for military reforms!
The Premier wrangles the warlords into line.
Premier of the Hour
While President Zhang has quickly emerged as the face of our Federalist Movement, those who partake in the National Reconstruction Government know that it is Prime Minister Xiong Kewu who holds it all together. A veteran of the Xinhai Revolution, National Protection War, and a slew of internal provincial conflicts, Xiong Kewu emerged as a key member of the Federalist Movement during the Warlord Era. During the Zhili Hegemony, Xiong found himself forced from the pentarchy established by Yang Sen, Liu Xiang, and the Baoding Department Triumvirate.\n\nHowever, after Yang faced a challenge from Liu Xiang's wing of the Accelerated Department, Xiong was able to capitalise on the provincial infighting to once again emerge as Sichuan's pre-eminent warlord. As Prime Minister of the Sichuan Federalist Government, Xiong has integrated his 9-Man Regiment faction with the Grand Republican Alliance, a coalition party composed of various primarily southern parties opposed to the Beiyang order which has operated as the chief Federalist political organisation since 1931.\n\nWhile Xiong has concentrated his efforts on keeping the Federal Government united under himself and Zhang Lan, he has had Dan Maoxin utilised their shared influence in the GRA to keep its internal factions as aligned as possible to the National Reconstruction Government's interests, and has leveraged their political support to keep the other warlords from gaining too much influence in the Zhang Lan Administration.
We're lucky to have Xiong Kewu at the helm!
Remind us why he's in charge again?
The Broken Triumvirate
While Prime Minister Xiong Kewu and President Zhang Lan have taken centre stage of the new National Reconstruction Government, in their shadow remains the ever-resilient Baoding Department. Surviving the decade-long struggle within Sichuan Province during the Warlord Era, the Baoding Department was able to secure an accord with Yang Sen's Accelerated Department during the decade of Zhili Hegemony. Throughout the decade, the Baoding Department under Deng Xihou, Tian Songyao, and Liu Wenhui were able to become one of the major factions within Sichuan's political structure, becoming three of Sichuan's \
What utter nonsense is this?
Nono, he makes a good point.
Rising Tides of the Federalist Movement
While many assumed that the Federalists could not come back from the loss of Yunnan and Guangdong, President Zhang Lan and Prime Minister Xiong Kewu have proved them all wrong. In a shocking twist of events, the National Reconstruction Government based in Sichuan was able to break the stronghold of the Beiyang Warlords, putting Beijing in the hands of a southern-led government, a feat not even the Xinhai Revolutionaries could achieve.\n\nArriving in Beijing to a jubilant crowd, Xiong Kewu declared to the masses that this would only be the start of the National Reconstruction Government's unification campaign. While the National Reconstruction is undoubtedly the strongest government claiming to represent China, it must see the nation entirely united before it claims true success. As President Zhang Lan organises Beijing's new government, Premier Xiong Kewu prepares the military for China's final struggle.
Our Movement restores order wherever we march!
We bring freedom to our beloved Republic!
Victory for National Reconstruction
Only a few years prior, it seemed that democracy in China was on the cusp of extinction, overrun either by opportunistic reactionaries or revolutionary autocrats. However, today the Federal Government of China stretches from the frigid Northeast to the mountains of Guangxi. Although rightfully recognised as a triumphant victory of both the China Democratic League and the Grand Republican Alliance, the government is both paradoxically at its zenith, as well as overlooking the precipice of a mounting crisis.\n\nWhile none can deny that the Federalist Government controls most of China, victory has whittled away at the unity of Zhang Lan's government. Xiong Kewu's plethora of GRA allies are unlikely to remain content to remain in the shadow of Zhang Lan and the CDL, and the President must work to secure his gains or see the federal government trip at perhaps its most crucial hour.
Unification was secured by the idealistic resolve of President Zhang!
Xiong Kewu is the sword of victory for our movement!
Cruel Realities of the Military
While the Federal military began composed of a coalition of warlord forces, Zhang's governmental reforms and an impressive amount of luck kept the Federal military largely intact during the Chinese Civil War and War of Resistance against Japan. However, with unification finally having been undertaken, the fractious army has finally begun fully breaking down. Although President Zhang Lan has proposed military demobilisation to deal with the bloated military force, he has found difficulty in persuading the military to go along with it. Due to the high prevalence of warlord influence in his government, Zhang Lan has found great difficulty in regulating the Federal military.\n\nPrime Minister Xiong Kewu, keen on exploiting the crisis, has criticised the President for fracturing the hard-fought unity of the Federal Government. With the underlying tensions between the Prime Minister and the President finally boiling over, there have been rumours of a potential coup being formulated by disgruntled military officers, possibly led by Liu Wenhui. Liu for his part has reframed from outright criticising the President, and has taken a more ambivalent stance towards the demobilisation campaign. To outside observers, it has become apparent that the Zhang Lan government and its grand coalition has become untenable.
Xiong is able to strong-arm the President into delaying demobilisation.
President Zhang stands firm against the Prime Minister.
Crippling Economic Downturns
While China once boasted one of the world's largest economies, the Century of Humiliation has relegated our crippled nation to one of the most undeveloped economies in the world. While coastal regions saw modest growth during the Zhili Hegemony, the agrarian hinterland remained in a backwards state. Whatever economic reform undertaken by the various provincial warlords have seen what little progress existed destroyed by the near-constant state of warfare China found itself in following the collapse of the League in 1936, and the War of Resistance against the Empire of Japan caused the Chinese economy to enter into a state of hyperinflation. With paper money quickly becoming worthless, people have begun to use a crude system of bartering, until the government is able to stem the developing economic crisis.
Premier Xiong cracks down on criminal gangs for hoarding resources.
President Zhang introduces the public distribution of commodities.
National Reconstruction, Fraying At Its Seams
The Sichuan Federalist Government was remarkable for its level of success in unifying China, despite the mutual hostility of the various factions within the Zhang Lan Administration. The coming elections announced by the Federal Government have not helped in mending the fraying government. As election campaigning intensifies, partisanship has only become more rife within Zhang Lan's administration.\n\nThe President, to the surprise of many, has declared his intent to run for re-election. This move was met with a mixed reaction within China Democratic League, with many prominent members of the CDL criticising the move. However, unable to agree on any other suitable candidate, the party has largely fallen behind Zhang's Presidential campaign.\n\nMeanwhile within the Grand Republican Alliance's camp, Premier Xiong has largely pulled out of active governance, focusing on the electoral campaign. With Xiong still refusing to run as President, the GRA campaign has focused on making Recognising that a Presidential run under his name may be marred by perceptions of it being a blatant power grab, Xiong has pushed his right-hand Dan Maoxin to be the GRA Presidential candidate.\n\nIn Northern China, Liu Wenhui has found a surprising amount of supporters, especially amongst Ex-Beiyang officers who see him as a symbol of stable governance. However, Liu Wenhui has thus far refused to overtly run for President, instead hoping to be made Minister of War of the electoral victor, whoever that ends up being.
This election solves nothing!
May the best man win.
National Reconstruction Falters
With relations between President Zhang Lan and Prime Minister Xiong Kewu at an alltime low, the National Reconstruction Government finds itself in a uniquely weak position. With China once again engulfed in another political crisis, perhaps it falls to [ROOT.GetLeader] to pick up the pieces and stake his claim on the Republic, and save it from this motley bunch of squabbling fools\n\n[ROOT.GetLeader] understands the risk in revolting, but he also understands that there may never be a better opportunity. However, [ROOT.GetLeader] also knows that challenging the Federal Government may be regarded by the people of China as nothing more than a selfish warlord attempting to once again plunge the nation into chaos, and result in him being remembered as one of the nation's greatest villains for ten thousand years.
[ROOT.GetLeader] is the only man suited to save the Republic!
This is nothing to be gained from this.
This is a time of healing, not war.
[FROM.GetLeader] Strikes Out!
With the schism between Xiong Kewu's Grand Republican Alliance and Zhang Lan's China Democratic League growing larger by the day, the disintegrating unity of the National Reconstruction Government has left ambitious warlords and governors with a small window of opportunity to strike.\n\nIndeed, it seems that [FROM.GetLeader] in particular has seized upon the opportunity, declaring President Zhang Lan and Premier Xong Kewu's infighting to be plaguing the Republican government, and has declared himself as the head of a provisional government that will end infighting in China.
What does he think he's doing!?
So much for Democrat Unity.
Retreat of the Iron-Footed General
After a long period of increasing tensions in the National Reconstruction Government, Prime Minister Xiong has formally declared his exit from the Zhang Lan Administration. Following this, a slew of Grand Republican Alliance-aligned officials also tendered their resignations. The mass exit has left a substantial power vacuum within the government, with many in the China Democratic League attempting to fill in the vacant positions. Perhaps at the centre of the most intrigue in the Zhang Lan Administration is the Premiership.\n\nTacitly understood that the succeeding Prime Minister would likely be retained by Zhang after the election, many high ranking members of the CDL have attempted to put their own names forward as potential candidates. Among them, Zhang Junmai, Huang Yanpei, Luo Longji, and Tang Hualong were the most popular choices. However, in a surprising and controversial move, Zhang Lan has instead chosen Xian Ying, a fellow Sichuan native to be his PM. A longtime associate and friend of the President, Xian Ying's ascension has been interpreted by many as a sign of further consolidation of the CDL under its Sichuanese members.
Welcome Premier Xian!
Not very Democratic of a Democratic League.
Petty fools on both sides.
Peering Under the Veil
The China Democratic League, though only formed shortly after the National Reconstruction Government's capture of Beijing, found its origins in the Federation of Chinese Democratic Parties. The FDCP, which was formed by various liberal, democratic, and progressive elements following Zhili victory against the Fengtian Clique, was organised to form a democratic political opposition to the Zhili Clique. The FDCP fractured following the 1932 League Uprising, when Cao Kun cancelled the 1933 elections. Many of the parties and societies which left the FDCP ended up in Southern China, and coalesced around the already-established Federalist Movement. Though composed of various conservative, liberal, and socialist elements, the CDL has found itself drifting to the left under Zhang Lan's leadership. Despite this, the CDL has largely remained intact thus far, due to Zhang Lan's inscrutable commitment to true democracy, and his steadfast opposition to all forms of authoritarianism. Zhang Lan's chairmanship has seen him champion the autonomy of parties partaking in the league, while affirming its goals of achieving genuine democracy.
The CDL welcomes all who dream of a Free China!
Little more than a collection of dreamers.
The Role of Liangism In the New China
During Emperor Guangxu's ambitious Hundred Days' Reform, above all other reformists stood Kang Youwei and Liang Qichao. Championing the ideas of a modern constitutional monarchy, Kang and Liang were forced to flee China when Empress Dowager Cixi alongside Yuan Shikai confined the Emperor to house arrest.\n\nWhile Kang remained a fervent royalist for the rest of his life, Liang came to the realisation that China's future lay with a republic, and espoused the German Bismarckian ideology of state socialism. During the Republic's history, Liang and his disciples emerged as some of the most influential thinkers, contesting Sun Yat-sen's more revolutionary brand of politics.\n\nLiang's political height came during the Anhui Clique's rule, where he and the Research Clique helped formulate the Anfu Party State's developmentalist policies and structure, before he fell out with Premier Duan Qirui. In the 20s, Liang drifted left, briefly becoming fascinated with reformist strands of socialism. One of Liang's final political moves was to establish the Chinese Constitutionalist Party, which was helmed by Xu Qin following his death.\n\nWhile the CCP tentatively cooperated with the Zhili Clique until their reorganisation into the DCP, Liang's disciple Zhang Junmai established the Democratic Socialist Party in Southern China in staunch opposition to Beijing. Although not directly politically descended from Liang, the Young China Party has claimed him as their spiritual leader as well. Although regarded as a divisive figure, few will shun his achievements to China's political development.
Liang's words shall continue to guide China into the future!
Liangism has run its course.
Zhang Junmai Contests Zhang Lan
Although Zhang Lan's Presidential campaign has been accepted by most within the China Democratic League at this point, there remain those who refuse to support him. Among them stands Zhang Junmai, leader of the Democratic Socialist Party. Although both men claim to follow strands of socialism, many have noted Zhang Junmai's more conservative stance and his assertive personality.\n\nAn egotistical man unsuited to working with others, Zhang Junmai has greatly resented the dominance of Sichuanese intellectuals within the League, regarding them as bit players who have only risen this far due to coincidence. Calling forth his party allies, as well as the other Liangist parties in the Democratic Constitutionalist Party and Young China Party, Zhang has declared his own Presidential Campaign.\n\nPulling from the same base, Zhang Junmai has attempted to sap the CDL support base away from Zhang Lan and the CDL, to the President's frustration. The infighting between the CDL and the Liangists has greatly crippled the CDL's ability to function. Capitalising upon this, Dan, Xiong and the Grand Republican Alliance have captured the initiative and now stand poised to dominate the electoral process, with many fearing that the GRA may go insofar as to rig the election itself, especially amongst Li Jiayu's Officer Department.
Zhang Junmai is the gift that keeps on giving.
Zhang Junmai with his pride and his ego!
Expressing China's Safeguard
With the China Democratic League in the midst of a civil war with Zhang Lan and Zhang Junmai fighting over leadership and the Grand Republican Alliance poised to win a blowout victory and rumours abound about their ambitions to end the fragile democracy in place, Liu Wenhui has asserted his prerogative as the largest and most powerful independent warlord within the National Reconstruction Government.\n\nLiu has called on the Grand Republican Alliance to end their pretensions of eroding federal democracy and the China Democratic League to keep its infighting from causing hyper partisanship. Liu has ominously warned that should this not occur, then he will force their hand to protect democratic institutions and the interests of the Chinese people. This has led to the public reacting worrisomely to the potential of a Liu Wenhui coup, while officials in government fear the sorts of careerists and opportunists who may ride Liu Wenhui's prospective coup to the top of Chinese government.
Zhang Lan intensifies his campaign against Zhang Junmai.
Xiong Kewu throws Liu Wenhui's letter in the trash.
Last Light of Chinese Democracy
For whatever reasons, be they that the Republic became inflamed with the hyper partisanship wrought by CDL infighting or that the Grand Republican Alliance overtly plotted to bring down Chinese democracy before it had a chance to live, it seems that neither the CDL nor the GRA will find themselves victorious.\n\nIn the past few hours, soldiers from the Baoding Department and other warlord armies seized strategic locations around the country and local polling stations. Meanwhile Liu Wenhui personally oversaw the seizure of President Zhang, the Cabinet, Xiong Kewu, and Dan Maoxin. In a nationwide announcement, Liu declared the overturning of the elections.\n\nLiu also formally announced his own bid for election in the interim, knowing that he will essentially run uncontested with all of his viable opponents under house arrest. Although a blatant power grab, few seem actually willing to oppose him, with many either fearing a new font of radicalism without Liu's intervention or find themselves too apathetic to care. Already, former Zhili officials have come out of semi-retirement to support Liu's bid, and it seems that the destroyed Beiyang order has re-asserted itself once more.
Pollice Compresso Favor Iudicabatur.
Hammer Striking the Anvil
For whatever reasons, be they that the Republic became inflamed with the passions of hyperpartisan squabbling, or that the Republic found itself engulfed in the waves of apathy, it seems that Chinese experiment with democracy has come to a sudden halt. In the past few hours, soldiers from the Baoding Department and other warlord armies seized strategic locations around the country and major governmental buildings in the capital. Minister of War Liu Wenhui, chief architect of this coup, personally oversaw the seizure of the President, his Cabinet, and the leading opposition.\n\nVery few figures have openly opposed Liu's coup, due to his careful politicking in the background and in his capacity with the cabinet. Managing to wrangle consensus with a few dissenters quickly shut down by group pressure, Liu has been swiftly sworn in as President. Surprisingly popular with the people, President Liu has managed to wrangle his own political machine as a form of \
Thus, Liu represents the voice of the people.
The Old Dispensation
Though he has always aimed to match the actions of the idealists around him, Liu Wenhui has more often than not found himself acting out of pragmatism and opportunism than he would like. Opportunism has always been a problem for China in Liu's eyes, and even as a new government is swept in, like so many before it, he cannot help but feel a slight disappointment. Did Yuan Shikai not try to seize power out of opportunism? Did the actions of scheming warlords not emerge from that same very place? Even in his own ranks, did his army not shrink and swell based on Liu's own fortunes?\n\nAs the Civil Governance and Progress Society rolls out its attempts at reform, Liu has watched helplessly as his colleagues each worked to stymie his more progressive policies, despite his greatest efforts. Back in Chengdu, thousands of miles away from the capital, reports and petitions have made their way onto Liu's desk, detailing Deng's speeches blatantly slamming the inefficiency of democracy, the staffing of old despotic lackeys into provincial posts and, of course, the nefarious machinations of Liu Wencai.\n\nNevertheless, Liu has worked tirelessly to address the concerns of his many critics and soothe tensions with an opposition frequently harassed by Liu's cronies, who utilise their new statuses to act with impunity and stifle the fledgling democratic apparatus. But perhaps this is merely a phenomenon seen in every administration's early days, all of which will settle like dust after the spring rain. What remains important is to observe the path ahead, to strive amidst hardship, to set ambitious goals and above all, to work diligently in all things. Liu may not be a perfect man, nor even an idealist like so many in the federalist movement, but his conviction remains that of a patriot, someone who keeps with the spirit of the November Riots and of China. Though China may never free itself of societal expediency, and those who act in self-interest will always plot in the shadows, pessimism will never be a solution.
A nation needs builders, not merely critics.
Democracy Eternally Remembered
The road towards federalism from Sichuan has certainly not been an easy one, constantly harassed and betrayed in the seemingly endless provincial struggle as local autocrats regularly outnumbered them. Frequently forced from their home province, Xiong and his men would only survive through the kindness of their republican brethren, though even that wasn't without its own disagreements. But look at how far they had come, the last flickering flame of a federalist dream that had not been stamped out, despite the time.\n\nNow the torch has been passed to Dan Maoxin, a new face on the political stage but a veteran of the republican struggle nonetheless, having been comrades with Xiong Kewu since the late 1910s. Owing to his legacy as a proponent for civil discussion and non-partisan unity, his dealings with independent republicans, the Political Science Clique and moderate members of the opposition have all earned him great praise as the \
Our ideals are something we must continue to struggle for.
Benevolence and Righteousness
Ever since the ailing days of the Qing and the fragmented republic that followed, many in the West have deemed China a backward nation that had been lost to the clutches of infighting and despotism. Certainly, in some respects, it has rung true, no place more than in Sichuan, itself torn apart by local warlords for decades. Through such strife, Zhang Lan has witnessed it all, the emaciated peasants crushed under taxes, the few businessmen leaving the province for more prosperous opportunities in the East and, of course, the various military men who fought each other back and forth across the Red Basin.\n\nHaving navigated the political landscape of China and personally led the modern federalist movement to national prominence, Zhang has realised the need not only for Western ideas; that of democracy for all, freedom of thought and intellectual independence, but also the need for virtues championed by Chinese philosophers many millennia ago. First is the idea of benevolence, which Zhang believed many of the republic's previous leaders lacked, despite being cunning, smart and courageous, they neither won the hearts of the people nor worked in the interest of the masses. But of course, benevolence alone has often been misguided in China, the stumbling bureaucracy of Beiyang, the revolutionary zealotry of the KMT and the populism of warlords alike all claimed to be for the grandiose goal of National Salvation, but failed to act steadily, justly and fairly enough to win the people over. The Chinese Democratic League, however, is the culmination of both these ideas, standing on the side of the nation, striving for unity, both saving the country and building it anew as it marches on into the new century.\n\nOf course, even as the guns fall silent across China and the people ready themselves for the fruits of democracy to come, Zhang and his colleagues remain ever vigilant of the various forces that seek to rip away the agency of the masses. For Zhang, this enthusiasm must continue to be utilised, harnessed and nurtured from the masses, because what is reform, if not a steady revolution of its own?
We shall persevere unrelentingly! We shall never yield!
Sichuan
Sichuanese
Sichuan
Sichuan Clique
the Sichuan Clique
Sichuan Clique
the Sichuan Clique
Sichuan Clique
the Sichuan Clique
Sichuan Clique
the Sichuan Clique
Sichuan Clique
the Sichuan Clique
Sichuan Clique
the Sichuan Clique
Sichuan Clique
the Sichuan Clique
Sichuan Clique
the Sichuan Clique
Sichuan Clique
the Sichuan Clique
Sichuan Clique
the Sichuan Clique
Chongqing Government
the Chongqing Government
Chongqing Government
the Chongqing Government
Chongqing Government
the Chongqing Government
Chongqing Government
the Chongqing Government
Chongqing Government
the Chongqing Government
Chongqing Government
the Chongqing Government
Chongqing Government
the Chongqing Government
Chongqing Government
the Chongqing Government
Chongqing Government
the Chongqing Government
Chongqing Government
the Chongqing Government
Chengdu Government
the Chengdu Government
Chengdu Government
the Chengdu Government
Chengdu Government
the Chengdu Government
Chengdu Government
the Chengdu Government
Chengdu Government
the Chengdu Government
Chengdu Government
the Chengdu Government
Chengdu Government
the Chengdu Government
Chengdu Government
the Chengdu Government
Chengdu Government
the Chengdu Government
Chengdu Government
the Chengdu Government
Government of National Reconstruction
the Government of National Reconstruction
Assorted Leaders
Yang Angong
Wu Yuzhang
Wang Weizhou
Liu Bocheng
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 4th, 1892, in Kaixian County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §SPAC§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWorking on the farm in his teenage years due to his father's death, Liu joined the Sichuan Military Government Army Officer School in 1912. He served under Xiong Kewu after graduation. Liu took part in the Second Revolution of 1913 against Yuan Shikai when Xiong declared his opposition to Beijing. However, Yuan would emerge victorious, and Liu went into exile in Shanghai. While there, Liu joined Sun Yat-sen's Revolutionary Party, the precursor to the Kuomintang.\n\nLiu returned to Sichuan to organise a National Protection Army when Cai E marched against Yuan Shikai's imperial gambit in 1915. During the war in 1916, Liu was shot twice in the head, leaving his right eye blind. In 1924, Liu engaged against the Zhili clique forces of Wu Peifu, and won the battle of Longquanyi. It was in 1924 that Liu would become influenced by the tenets of Marxism and the goals of the National Revolution. In 1926, Liu was formally folded into the Kuomintang.\n\nWhile Liu supported the Guangzhou Nationalist Government in its attempt to take Wuhan by preventing the local Sichuanese warlords from aiding Wu Peifu, the KMT not only failed to take Wuhan but collapsed entirely. Liu's sudden isolation from his allies caused the other Sichuanese warlords to push Liu to the edges of Sichuan, where he remains in hiding to this day. Liu hopes that one day, the Kuomintang will return to the Mainland and the peasants will be free from reactionary oppression.§!
Zhang Lan
Son of a scholar and schoolteacher, Zhang Lan would study with his father at a young age, becoming a scholar himself in 1894, and entering the Zunjing Academy in Chengdu in 1902. Selected to study in Japan in 1903, he would enter Tokyo Hongwen Academy, returning to China after Anti-Cixi remarks. Serving in various teaching roles, he was elected to the Sichuan Advisory Council in 1909 but refused to accept the position, instead opting to serve in the reformist constitutionalist movement in the twilight years of the Qing.\n\nParticipating in the Sichuan Railway Protection Movement, he would become immersed in the Xinhai foray of Sichuan, before being elected as a Member of the Assembly in 1913. In 1915 he would participate in the National Protection War, before becoming Beijing governor of Sichuan in 1917; fleeing from Chengdu with Liu Cunhou in 1918, and later returning to Beijing. In 1919 he would support the New Culture Movement, and aid in sending young students to the radical intellectual scene of Europe.\n\nIn 1920 he would return to Nanchong, devoting himself to education, and in 1925 even became president of Chengdu University. Advocating freedom of thought and academic freedom, he enabled the various functions of local revolutionary groups under his auspices. Resigning in 1932 over the Zhili Suppression of the Shanghai Uprising, he would return to Nanchong to work on education matters. Participating in the formation of the FCDP that same year, Zhang would garner magnitudes of respect for his devotion to democracy, and role as a mediating hand.
§YBorn:§! §LApril 2nd, 1872, in Nanchong County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$SZC_zhang_lan_bio$§!
§YBorn:§! §LApril 2nd, 1872, in Nanchong County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §SNCRA§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$SZC_zhang_lan_bio$§!
Xian Ying
§YBorn:§! §L1885, in Xichong County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §SNCRA§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into poverty, Xian Ying needed the support of is relatives to attend early private schooling. A young student of Zhang Lan, Xian would become his special protégé, as a mentor is to a student, and as friends. In 1908, Xiang Ying enrolled in the Sichuan Accelerated School, joining the military. Simultaneously, he joined the Tongmenghui, and became swift friends with He Guoguang, Pan Wenhua, Yang Sen, and Liu Xiang.\n\nFollowing Zhang Lan around Sichuan, and unto the House of Representatives in Beijing, Xian would resign with his mentor in 1914 and attend the Army University as pretext. Travelling South to join the National Protection Movement, he would remain close with Zhang, starting a Pro-November Riots Newspaper on his behalf that flirted with socialist ideas. In 1921, Xian would participate in the Sichuan Warlord fray, helping Liu Xiang extensively.\n\nFirst flirting with industry since the 1920s, Xian's passion for military service would transition to industrial pursuits, using his connections with Zhang Lan to travel around the country, both for business, and to meet likeminded men such as Liang Shuming, and Yan Yangchu. Serving under He Guoguang in 1935, Xian would be Inspector General of Nanchong, but due to a scandal with his secretary, Gu Xinghua, Xian would be forced out of his position, instead serving as manager of Zhang Lan's Jianhua Middle School in Nanchong. Closely connected with his mentor, Xian has slowly become a proponent of Third Force Chinese Democratic politics.§!
Che Yaoxian
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1894, in Dayi County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §SNCRA§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLiving an early life of destitution, Che Yaoxian would enter a private school at the age of five, albeit after a family lawsuit would be forced to drop out. Selling produce to support his family, he would become a merchant's apprentice in 1908, and begin a lifelong interest in reading; by 1911, he was an accountant at 17. In 1912, the young Che joined the army, serving in the Sichuan Army, and by 1918 had become a company commander, rising to a regimental commander in Liu Xiang's army.\n\nA representative to the Kuomintang, Che would attempt to coax Liu Xiang into defection, but after Liu rebuked his efforts, Che resigned from the army and travlled to Japan to study. With the Kuomintang's defeat, Che turned his hopes towards the various other left-wing movements within the nation; most important of which being the Left-FCDP. In 1928, Che returned to Chengdu and subsequently joined the KMT in secret. Utilising his connections, he joined Liu Wenhui's Army.\n\nRallying local Christian groups in Chengdu to support the Eastern Sichuan Insurgents, Che would initiate an onslaught of patriotic Christian socialist organisations in Chengdu, and after the Shanghai Uprising, denounced Yang Sen's Government and Beijing. Almost arrested by Xiang Chuanyi, Che would cooperate with Leng Yindong and subsequently serve under Liu Wenhui and Deng Xihou's Baoding armies. Continuing to remain in contact with local oppositional groups, Che hs taken a special interest in Zhang Lan's efforts within the basin.§!
Zhou Taixuan
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 14th, 1895, in Xindu County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §SNCRA§!\n§YBackground:§! §LProgressing through a standard education, Zhou would graduate from Middle School in 1911, and in 1913 would follow Wei Siluan, Hu Xuan, and others to the Political Economy Department of the China Public School. After graduating in 1916, Zhou worked as a translator for the Shanghai Minxin Daily, and later for the Beijing-based Jinghua Daily and Zhonghua Xinbao, as well as Zhonghua News Agency.\n\nIn 1918 he introduced Wang Guangqi to Jinghua Daily, and through Wang met Li Dazhao. Swiftly growing close, Zhou and Li decided to establish the Young China Society in 1919 with Wang's help. Sailing for France, he would be admitted to the University of Montpellier, and established the Paris News Agency to inform China of events in France.\n\nObtaining a Master's Degree in Education, Zhou entered the University of Paris in 1924, remaining in France from 1924 to 1928. In 1930 he declined to stay at the University, and returned to China at the invitation of Zhang Lan; serving at Zhang Lan's educational institutions in Sichuan. As recent as 1936, Zhou has reportedly wrote a series of articles lambasting the Capitalistic order in Europe, and is one of the founding members of the New Century Society.§!
Liu Siying
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 24th, 1895, in Nanchuan, Chongqing, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §nYCP§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn during the ultimate decade of the 19th century, Liu Siying like many of his fellow countrymen embraced the underlying current of nationalism of the time. Seeking a modern education, Liu attended Hosei University in Japan. After graduating, he found work in Shanghai as editor of Shanghai Jiguo Times. During the 20s, Liu would join the newly formed Young China Party and play a crucial role in its operations. On the orders of the Party leadership, Liu returned to Sichuan to work for the Zhili warlord Yang Sen as his secretary.\n\nThrough Yang, Liu was able to establish a working relationship with Wu Peifu, who sought the support of a modern mass party to stand against the Kuomintang during the Northern Expedition. Through Liu, party leader Zeng Qi was able to greatly expand his influence across Northern China. Under the supervision of Li Huang, the local YCP leader of Sichuan, Liu has worked to spread the party message across all of Sichuan both through his military contacts and through his capacity as the Chengdu Southwest Public School. Thanks to his efforts working with local gentry to support ailing refugees, the YCP enjoys extensive support across all levels of Sichuanese society.§!\n\n§YNotes: Though a close ally of the Zhili Clique, Liu serves only the interests of the YCP first and foremost, in order to bring about China's long awaited Plebiscitarian Revolution.§!
Xiong Kewu
Born into a family of doctors, ever since he was young, Xiong Kewu held a love of learning. He became intrigued by the ideas of democracy and modernism presented by the West and lamented that China had fallen gravely behind the rest of the world. In 1903, he attended the Sichuan East Literature Hall and later became acquainted with revolutionaries such as Dai Jitao. After achieving the sponsorship of his uncle, Xiong went to study in Japan, where he met Sun Yat-sen and would later join Sun's Tongmenghui. After the Xinhai Revolution, Xiong served as commander of the Dahan Sichuan Military Government until 1913. Yuan Shikai and the Beiyang Government expelled Sun's forces from China, and Xiong was forced to flee to Japan in exile.\n\nYet, the defeat did not deter Xiong from dreaming of a free China. In Japan and Southeast Asia, he raised funds for the revolution and returned to China to join Cai E in the victorious National Protection War against Yuan. Despite being comrades in the National Protection War, Xiong turned against his former ally Lü Chao in 1920 and successfully expelled him from the province with the help of the warlord Liu Cunhou. In that same year, he issued a firm declaration that the people of Sichuan would no longer play second fiddle to the Beiyang and Guangzhou Governments that had arisen in the chaos of the Warlord Period. This did not last long as Sichuan collapsed into civil war and Liu Cunhou joined forces with the Beiyang Government, and Xiong was once again forced to flee into exile. He then fled to Guangdong, joining the Chinese Kuomintang, and participated in its first Congress in 1924.\n\nXiong's brief stay in the Kuomintang ended in 1925 when he was betrayed by Wang Jingwei and Chiang Kai-shek on charges that he was colluding with the Chinese Federalist leader Chen Jiongming. After the Northern Expedition's failure and the Kuomintang's breakdown, Xiong returned home to Sichuan dissatisfied with political life. And yet his passion for republican ideals never died, and although he has not forgotten the betrayal of the KMT, he lends an open ear to the Chinese Federalists in Guangdong.
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 26th, 1885, in Jingyan County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$SZC_xiong_kewu_bio$\n\nWith his success in the recent civil war in Sichuan, Xiong will ensure that Sichuan is turned into an impenetrable fortress of republicanism and one that will help end years of authoritarianism in Beijing.§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 26th, 1885, in Jingyan County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §fUFAA§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$SZC_xiong_kewu_bio$§!
Dan Maoxin
Determined to devote his life to the pursuit of revolution and truth, Dan Maoxin would join the Tongmenghui in 1905 at the behest of Sun Yat-sen and Huang Xing while studying in Japan. Returning to China in 1906, Dan would serve as a propaganda chief and liaison officer while simultaneously establishing a public school in Shanghai to spread democratic ideals. Captured for his actions at the Second Guangzhou Uprising, but being released, Dan would return to Sichuan and serve a provincial post before resigning due to Sichuan Governor Hu Jingyi's autocratic rule.\n\nIt would be in Chongqing where Dan would become Xiong's chief of staff, his experience throughout the numerous revolutions hardening his resolve and convincing him of the need for revolutionary unity. As such, Dan would also uniquely be one of the few who avidly sought to work with Yunnan and Guizhou, citing their shared respect for Southern republican ideals. Regardless of policy, Dan would loyally command troops against Sichuan's Zhili-aligned hardliners like Yang Sen and Liu Cunhou even as the tide gradually turned against the federalists.\n\nIn Tongren, Dan remains Xiong's second in command and a prominent voice of unity within the movement, open to cooperation between aligned democratic movements and provinces.
Determined to devote his life to the pursuit of revolution and truth, Dan Maoxin would join the Tongmenghui in 1905 at the behest of Sun Yat-sen and Huang Xing while studying in Japan. Returning to China in 1906, Dan would serve as a propaganda chief and liaison officer while simultaneously establishing a public school in Shanghai to spread democratic ideals. Captured for his actions at the Second Guangzhou Uprising, but being released, Dan would return to Sichuan and serve a provincial post before resigning due to Sichuan Governor Hu Jingyi's autocratic rule.\n\nIt would be in Chongqing where Dan would become Xiong's chief of staff, his experience throughout the numerous revolutions hardening his resolve and convincing him of the need for revolutionary unity. As such, Dan would also uniquely be one of the few who avidly sought to work with Yunnan and Guizhou, citing their shared respect for Southern republican ideals. Regardless of policy, Dan would loyally command troops against Sichuan's Zhili-aligned hardliners like Yang Sen and Liu Cunhou even as the tide gradually turned against the federalists.\n\nNow president due to his wartime service and close connections across the aisle, Dan works tirelessly to enforce an anti-partisan democratic Federalist government, at all costs.
§YBorn:§! §L1884, in Rong County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §fUFAA§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$SZC_dan_maoxin_bio$§!\n\n§YNotes: Like many of his comrades, Dan Maoxin is well-known for his scholarly roots, being skilled in poetry and calligraphy as well as being familiar with the \
Yu Peidi
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Zizhong County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §fUFAA§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGoing to Japan to study with his brother Yu Peilun in 1905, Yu Peidi would study at a military school in Yokohama before returning to China in 1908 to try and join the Hekou Uprising, though finding out about its failure before he made it back to China. Travelling around China for a period, Yu would spend the next few years drifting between Japan and Guangzhou before hearing of the martyrdom of his own brother in the Second Guangzhou Uprising.\n\nReturning to his hometown of Neijiang following this tragedy, Yu would actively participate in the Railway Protection Movement and the formation of the ensuing republican governments in Sichuan, joining Xiong Kewu's ranks in the process. Yu continued to show his command capabilities during his time as a subordinate to Dan Maoxin, following the Nine Man Regiment to Guangzhou after their expulsion from Sichuan, even as lesser officers and common soldiers returned to their homes. Hearing of Xiong Kewu's detention and being stripped of his military command by the KMT, Yu would spend the intervening years in Neijiang, occasionally making trips to Japan and the Legations. Now joining Xiong's recouped divisions in Tongren, Yu remains a reliable albeit slightly inexperienced commander, a close confidant of Xiong and a prominent communicator with the local intelligentsia.§!\n\n§YNotes: Over the past few years, Yu has travelled to Japan and Moscow on many occasions with Xiong Kewu to meet with Hu Hanmin, remaining a good personal friend of the statesman.§!
Yu Jitang
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 6th, 1888, in Rongchang, Chongqing, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §fUFAA§!\n§YBackground:§! §LStudying at a private school in his village before enrolling into Chongqing East Sichuan Academy, Yu Jitang was an enthusiastic learner. Motivated to save China from its tumults, Yu would go abroad to Japan at his own expense to study at the military academies there, graduating from the Engineering, Artillery, and Naval Mine Schools.\n\nArriving back in China to join the Second Revolution in 1913, Yu would be appointed commander of Sichuan's fledgling riverine fleet, fighting alongside Xiong Kewu's army but fleeing to Japan when the operation failed. Yu would be reunited with Xiong Kewu during the National Protection War of 1915, serving as Cai E's Quartermaster General. For his valor shown when fighting against the armies of Yunnan and Guizhou, he would be appointed as the commander of the Sixth Division of the Sichuan Army. Embroiled in further conflict with Sichuan's militarists as the 1920s progressed, Yu would become the leader of one of the best divisions in Xiong's \
Zhao Weibin
§YBorn:§! §L1893, in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §fUFAA§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEducated by Li Peifu, a renowned reformist scholar in Chengdu, Zhao Weibin would be set on the path fo anti-imperialism and patriotism from the very beginning. After the Xinhai Revolution, Zhao would resolutely participate in the Sichuan Great Han Government's student militarisation programme, and would transfer to the Sichuan Army Officers School in 1912.\n\nIn 1914, after graduation, he would serve as a staff officer in the 1st Division of Xiong Kewu's forces. In 1924 he would follow Xiong to fight against the Zhili, and after Xiong's appointment in the Kuomintang's military forces, would rotate between various staff officer positions in various Sichuanese military forces. Ultimately settling with Xiong in his guerrilla campaign on the Sichuan-Guizhou-Hunan border, Zhao is a fierce staff officer with unrelenting courage and fervour.§!\n\n§YNotes: In his spare time, he devotes much of his life to literary studies, acquiring a large collection of personal books; ranging from \
Xiao Yisu
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 11th, 1899, in Peng'an County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §fUFAA§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBeing expelled from school at a young age for engaging in revolutionary activity, Xiao Yisu would study at the prestigious Yunnan Military Academy with financial assistance from his aunt. Originally lacking any kind of intense political persuasion, Xiao would serve in the ranks of Yang Sen's army as a battalion commander before defecting to General Tang Zimo, an individual aligned more with the Sichuanese KMT.\n\nAfter Tang's unexpected death in a party purge orchestrated by Chiang Kai-shek in 1925, Xiao would be relieved of his post and grow slightly disillusioned with the KMT, finding employment in the ranks of Guo Rudong's army. Here, Xiao would spend the latter half of the 1920s commanding troops under Guo while still being receptive to more republican ideals. Chafing under Guo's more arbitrary command and being dismissed in 1932, Xiao would become listless, spending time in the Legation Cities. His second wind would come later that year, when the Shanghai Uprising would send a lot of China's Republican mouthpieces fleeing West for fear of being killed or suppressed within the League. Xiao fled to Hunan, not wanting to be caught in the chaos, connecting with various intellectuals there, joining Xiong Kewu when he heard that his military expertise could once again be of some use. In Xiong's officer corps, he has made a name for himself by being hard-working and diligently studying army command, showing promise in the many battles that lie ahead for the federalist cause.§!
Bian Zhishan
§YBorn:§! §L1899, in Chongqing, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §fUFAA§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOriginally destined for a career in academics and the arts, being recommended by his father's friend Yang Shukan to study in Nanjing Zhongyi Academy, then abroad, Bian instead enrolled in the Baoding Army Officers' School. Graduating in 1920, he would join Xiong Kewu's army as a deputy regimental commander before being promoted. Commanding troops under Xiong, Bian would fight with conviction throughout the 1920s, even following Xiong into Hunan and then Guangdong, commanding a minor officer cadre school during this time.\n\nAfter Xiong Kewu's detention at Humen Fortress by the KMT in 1925, Bian would be relieved of his post and become chief of the infantry department at the Zhu Peide Military Academy, a subsidiary of Whampoa. Associated with the Whampoa school affairs committee until Xiong's pardoning by Hu Hanmin, Bian would rejoin his former superior as adjutant general of Xiong's military police. A relatively young general in Sichuan's federalist cause, Bian is completely open to collaboration with other republican movements and even the more radical elements of both KMT and CSP. During his time spent around Tongren, Bian has also become proficient in leading and raising civilian levies and militias on top of his regular infantry, which proves useful in rooting out bandits and navigating the fluid battlefields of Sichuan.§!\n\n§YNotes: On top of his regular duties, Bian has also acted as Xiong's liaison and chief of both the security guard corps and civilian labour unit in Tongren.§!
Li Weiru
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in Fuling, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §fUFAA§!\n§YBackground:§! §LStudying in Japan in 1904, Li Weiru would join the Tongmenghui in 1906, being assigned by Sun Yat-sen to return to Sichuan in 1907 to aid in Tongmenghui efforts there. Conspiring with Xiong Kewu, Gao Yaheng, and others, he aided in the development of revolutionary cells, and in the initial Xinhai solidarity revolution within Sichuan. In a period spanning over a decade from 1911 to 1923, he served as deputy commander of the Fuling Military Government, Chief of Staff of the Shu Army, Chief of Staff of the Governor, and director of Sichuan Military Academy.\n\nIn 1924, he retired from the army, returning to farming. In 1927, Li had served in various local positions raising funds to establish progressive schools. Retaining close contact with Liu Bocheng and others, Li would eventually flirt with the concepts of socialism as prescribed by the Left Kuomintang. Creating a peasant army from 1926 onwards, Li would throw himself into Sichuan's political foray, combatting men like Liu Xiang.\n\nNarrowly avoiding death, Li would work together with Liu, and eventually Xiong Kewu's progressive Nine-Man Regiment, to wage a guerrilla campaign against the Beiyang warlords occupying Sichuan. Winning the hearts and minds of the peasantry, Li would prove to be a vital lifeline for the guerrilla's continued success.§!
Liu Guanglie
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Renshou, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §fUFAA§!\n§YBackground:§! §LParticipating in the Xinhai Revolution in China, Liu Guanglie would serve as Director of the Sichuan Provincial Government, and the Southern Representative in the 1919 North-South Peace Talks. Later, Liu would serve in various capacities as commissioner of Nanchong, and Mianyang, before studying Buddhism in Japan in 1924.\n\nReturning with the support of other Buddhists, Liu would found the Tibetan Language Institute at Ciyin Temple in Beijing, inviting Dorje Jueba Geshe to be an instructor teaching Tibetan language, and Tibetan Buddhism.\n\nHaving returned to his home province following the 1932 Shanghai Uprising, Liu would tacitly link himself towards the progressive resistance efforts of Xiong Kewu and his Nine-Man Regiment, working in a limited capacity as a sympathetic local official.§!
Shi Tiyuan
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Xuanhan County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §fUFAA§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIntelligent from his youth, Shi Tiyuan would excel in his studies, becoming a scholar at age 14. In 1911 he graduated from Sichuan Higher Police School, and would participate in the Sichuan Railway Protection Movement that same year. Launching an Anti-Qing uprising, he would establish a local county military government, and would become a member of the new revolutionary Provisional Provincial Government in 1912.\n\nIn 1914 he became a Chinese teacher at a local school, before becoming chief director of a Chongqing Salt Transport company, and President of Chongqing Commercial Daily. From 1916 he served in the Huguojun as a staff officer in various capacities, before returning to his teaching job in 1918. In 1922 he served as secretary to Deng Xihou, and Secretary-General and Chief Administrator of the Chongqing Garrison, and worked within the provincial finance department.\n\nIn 1927 Shi became Secretary General to Yang Sen's 3rd Division, and from 1928 was secretary to Pan Wenhua, and later to the Chongqing Municipal Government, Eduaction Bureau, and Public Security Bureau. In 1932 he became director of the Chongqing Commodity Inspection Office, and in 1933 was general manager of Chongqing Electric Power. From 1934 until now, Shi has served as mayor of Chongqing, working to promulgate various progressive reforms within the expanding city.§!
Hu Ziang
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1897, in Ba County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §fUFAA§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhilst studying at Ba County Middle School, Hu Ziang's young academic life would be sent into a flurry as the Xinhai Revolution erupted throughout China. Actively participating as a young student, he would later enter Beijing Agricultural College in 1919, and would maintain his revolutionary streak by participating in the November Riots. After graduation in 1923, he returned to Chongqing to serve as a teacher and principle at his old middle school, president of the county Farmers' Association, and Director of the Chongqing Education Bureau.\n\nJoining the military in 1926, he would serve in Liu Wenhui's army, before becoming director of the Border Affairs Office of the Chengdu Sichuan Border Defence Supervisory Office. Aiding in the developing of farms and banks, alongside the banning of opium and reduction of taxes, he would briefly moonlight in Jiangxi as a member of the Agricultural College, before returning to Chongqing in 1933.\n\nCo-founding the Chongqing Huaxi Industrial Company, he would oversee various industrial endeavours all-throughout Sichuan, becoming something of a renowned industrial magnate in Sichuan. Sympathetic to the cause of the FCDP, Hu has contact with members of Huang Yanpei's CDNCA.§!
Xiong Zhefan
§YBorn:§! §L1894, Yanjingwan , Jingyan County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §fUFAA§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe younger brother of Xiong Kewu, Xiong Zhefan studied in France in his early years during the country's greatest period of national strife. Following his brother closely in his endeavours, Xiong Zhefan's true talents would arise in his capacity to manage administrative affairs on behalf of his brother. Talented and uncompromising, Xiong would effectively be the civilian chief in the Nine-Man Regiment's Jinyang-Pingshan Guerrilla Zone.§!
Li Jiayu
A career soldier, Li Jiayu would graduate from the fourth phase of the Sichuan Army Primary School just in time to participate in a student army during the Xinhai Revolution. Post-revolution, he would enlist in the first phase of the Sichuan Army Officer Academy, and in 1913, would transfer to the Nanjing Army Officers' Prepatory School. In the summer of the same year, Li Jiayu would see service in the first of many revolts against Yuan Shikai, ultimately failing and returning to Sichuan.\n\nEntering the third phase of the Army Officer Academy, Li Jiayu would find himself within the 4th Division of Sichuan Army under Liu Cunhou, later becoming a brigade commander in Deng Xihou's 3rd Division. Ultimately being promoted to Army Major General in 1923, Li would become commander of the First Division, and in 1926 would break off from Deng Xihou's nominal Baoding Department to assist in the formation of the Officer's Department.\n\nDuring their tenure in exile, Li Jiayu managed to keep the torch of revolutionary republicanism alive within the hearts of many of his fellow cadres, and is intent on maintaining that course.
§YBorn:§! §LApril 25th, 1892, in Pujiang County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §lOfficer Department§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$SZC_li_jiayu_bio$§!
§YBorn:§! §LApril 25th, 1892, in Pujiang County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$SZC_li_jiayu_bio$§!
Luo Zezhou
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 1st 1890, in Pujiang County, Sichuan Province, the Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §lOfficer Department§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLuo Zezhou would begin his career by bluffing his way into the second class of the Sichuan Army Officer School under a fake name, joining the Second Division of the Sichuan Army as a platoon leader in 1914. Joining Deng Xihou's army in 1920, Luo would become acquainted with his superior and future comrade-in-arms Li Jiayu. Steadily rising through the ranks and acting as Chongqing Police Chief in 1923, Luo would capitalise on his successes against Yang Sen in 1925 to advance into Chengdu and seize its key offices, being appointed commander of the 11th Division in August of the same year.\n\nSpending the latter half of the 1920s stationed in Suining, Luo would join Li Jiayu in forming the Qunyi Society, aiming to attract alumni from the Officers School into their ranks. Luo would see action once more during the Central Sichuan War of 1929, mutinying against his former superior Deng Xihou and leading his troops against Liu Xiang, ultimately emerging from the conflict with a mixed military record but a firm hold over Nanchong. A stalwart ally of Li Jiayu, his relatively long service has been considered valuable by many, but some remain suspicious of his callous and careless leadership.§!\n\n§YNotes: A natural consequence of forced opium farming within his jurisdiction, almost all of Luo's officers as well as most of his rank and file are opium addicts of questionable combat value. Luo himself has grown addicted to opium and tobacco, earning him the moniker of \
Lai Xinhui
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 1884, Santai County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §lOfficer Department§!\n§YBackground:§! §LServing as a regimental trainee after he graduated from Yunnan Army Academy in 1911, Lai Xinhui would participate in Yunnan's Double Ninth Uprising before finding himself in the ranks of the Sichuan army as a commander of an artillery battalion. Fighting in Liu Cunhou's army throughout the late 1910s, Lai would rise steadily and be provided with new artillery pieces from Hanyang arsenals, earning prestige for coming to his superior's aid many times in battles against both Xiong Kewu and other republican forces.\n\nThe invasion of Sichuan by forces from Yunnan and Guizhou throughout the 1920s would see Lai Xinhui come under the command of various Sichuan militarists. However, he would become acquainted with Liu Chengxun in 1922 and remain a close colleague throughout the following years. Lai's voice of support for the Zhili government in 1924 would pay dividends, as he would be appointed commander of Sichuan's 1st Division and then governor of Sichuan in 1925, though Yang Sen would quickly supplant him.\n\nReturning to service under Liu Chengxun, who now controlled areas in Southern Xikang, Lai would spend his time eliminating bandits both in the local area and his own ranks. The 1929 Central Sichuan war would spell bad news for Lai and Liu, as both men would be routed from Xikang, with Liu retiring to his hometown of Dayi and Lai joining the ranks of the Officer Department, bringing with him his men and decades of experience.§!
Chen Lanting
§YBorn:§! §L1887, Shizhu County Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §lOfficer Department§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAn ardent student of the Green Forest School and coming from a life of brigandage, Chen would enter the military by leading a band of his men under the command of Liu Bocheng in 1916. Following this streak of republicanism and joining Xiong Kewu's army in 1920, Chen Lanting would be promoted to brigade commander in 1923 before surrendering to Lai Xinhui's forces in 1924 and becoming his subordinate.\n\nChen's tenure stationed in Luzhou as part of Lai Xinhui's 3rd Brigade was uneventful for the most part, but did result in major tensions with his colleagues, such as Li Zhangfu. It would be this tension that allowed Chen to be approached by socialist guerrillas in 1926, opportunistically throwing his lot in with the Lushun uprising. The failure of both the Lushun uprising and Northern Expedition would see Chen defect back and forth between the province's strongmen, switching from the ranks of Liu Xiang to Yang Sen, then back to Lai Xinhui, where he'd stay throughout the 1930s.\n\nLeading his troops during the chaotic Central Sichuan War, Chen would be a relatively minor player, primarily seeing to the defence of Neijiang and not seeing much action otherwise.§!\n\n§YNotes: Holding onto notable connections with Sichuan's brotherhood sects - the Paoge, Chen remains a sworn brother with the likes of Fan Shaozeng, as well as smugglers and gentry alike.§!
Li Zongfang
§YBorn:§! §L1891, Mengyang, Peng County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §lOfficer Department§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIn 1909 Li Zongfang enrolled in the fourth class of the Sichuan Army Primary School, and after Xinhai, was transferred to the Sichuan Army Officers School. After graduation, Li served in various capacities in the Sichuan Army, from platoon leader to battalion commander, and fought in the National Protection War, Constitutional Protection Movement, and in the various skirmishes within Sichuan. In 1923 he became a brigade commander, and by 1927 he had become a brigade commander under Li Jiayu, steadily rising in rank and position.§!
Chen Li
§YBorn:§! §LMay 1892, Anyue County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §lOfficer Department§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEnlisting in the ranks of Chongqing's student army in the opening days of Xinhai, Chen Li would enrol into the Artillery department of the Sichuan Army Officer School, graduating in 1915. He would be frequently promoted during his tenure as an intern under Li Jiayu's command in Liu Cunhou's army, commanding his own brigade by 1925. Being stationed in Sichuan's basin counties, Chen would serve as a pillar of stability in a region which had been stricken with poverty, famine and lawlessness owing to its proximity to Chengdu.\n\nAs the years progressed, Chen would unknowingly induct into his brigade many members of the CSP, who exploited Chen's more neutral stance towards socialism as an opportunity to recruit for their own cause. This would culminate in the Guanghan Mutiny, carried out by the West Sichuan branch of the CSP in tandem with the Gujunba Uprising, whereby the common soldiers of Chen Li's army rose up against their officers, intending to join their compatriots in the east. Fortunately for Chen, his quick return to his garrison area (along with the dispersal of the rebels by Tian Songyao's forces) would restore order to his brigade.\n\nDeng's forgiveness of Chen for his mistake would soothe tensions between the two men, resulting in Chen's ambivalence to the rebellion of his colleagues Li Jiayu and Luo Zezhou in 1929. Privy to both the interests of the Baoding and Officers, Chen walks a line of neutrality, willing to throw his lot in with whoever comes out on top.§!
Kuang Jixun
§YBorn:§! §LJune 16th 1895, in Sinan County, Guizhou Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §lOfficer Department§! - §SYoung Soldier's Federation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHaving an unremarkable youth, Kuang Jixun would first participate in the National Protection War, fighting under Lai Xinhui's Sichuan Army, and later becoming a regimental commander. Following his superior through thick and thin, Kuang's inherent progressive sympathies would shine with his membership of the Young Soldier's Federation. Tacitly working together with men such as Liu Bocheng in their guerrilla operations, Kuang enabled a semi-legal avenue for the socialist guerrillas to receive aid and materiel from Sichuan Army stockpiles.§!
Peng Shifu
§YBorn:§! §L1901, Pujiang, Chengdu, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §lOfficer Department§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDevoting his early years to military service, Peng Shifu would command the 12th regiment of the 5th Mixed Brigade under Li Jiayu's Sichuan Army. In 1935 he would transition to command the 9th regiment of the 3rd Brigade of the 104th Division under Chen Shaotang. As recently as 1936, Peng has been commissioned as a Lieutenant Colonel in the Sichuan Army. As a minor officer serving under Li Jiayu, Peng Shifu is currently commander of the 619th Regiment of Li Jiayu's division.§!\n\n§YNotes: He is renowned for his charismatic persona in the face of war, his undying loyalty to Li Jiayu, and his unpredictable tactics on the battlefield.§!
Zhou Conghua
§YBorn:§! §L1896, in Xinfan, Chengdu, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §lOfficer Department§! - §SYoung Soldier's Federation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDropping out of school from a young age, Zhou Conghua would join the army, and in 1917 he rose to the rank of platoon leader, and enrolled in the Officer Training School sponsored by Liu Xiang. After graduation, Liu served as a company commander under Liu Yujiu in the Sichuan Army, before being transferred to Liu Xiang upon Yujiu's defeat.\n\nEnrolled into Baoding Military Academy by Liu, in-part to maintain a check on Zhili intrigues, Zhou's diligence, active thinking, bravery, and strategic prowess gained the attention of Tang Zaili. Utilising his relationship with Tang, Zhou would relay all information relevant to Sichuan matters towards Liu Xiang. After graduation from Baoding, Zhou returned to Sichuan, ostensibly returning to Liu Xiang's army as Major General Chief of Staff of the Sichuan Border Pacification Office, albeit he is under the jurisdiction of Li Jiayu's Officer Department.§!\n\n§YNotes: Resolute in his will for the salvation of the nation, Zhou has begun to flirt intensely with socialist literature, becoming a member of the Sichuan Young Soldier's Federation, and establishing contact with the FCDP in Sichuan.§!
Lü Chao
A native of Sichuan, Lü graduated in 1909 from the Sichuan Army Primary School. He then joined the Fourth Nanjing Army Secondary School, which he then abandoned to join Sun Yat-sen's revolutionary Tongmenghui to resist and fight for a free Republican China. Like many others from his province, in 1910, he attended the Baoding Academy, which he then left when the Xinhai Revolution broke out in 1911. He then travelled to Shanghai, where he worked with Chen Qimei, Wang Jingwei, and Li Shizeng (prominent associates of Dr. Sun) until he was forced to flee to Sichuan in exile after Yuan Shikai took power.\n\nIn 1915, the National Protection War to resist Yuan's regime in Beijing broke out, and Lü joined fellow Sichuanese Xiong Kiwu as part of Cai E's army in Sichuan. When Chen Jiongming and the Federalist movement attempted to kick Sun Yat-sen out of Guangdong, Lü took the side of Sun and fought against his former comrade Xiong Kiwu for control of Sichuan. He then joined Sun in exile in Shanghai and returned with Sun in his return to Guangdong in 1923 and became one of Sun's trusted allies in the Kuomintang. During the doomed Northern Expedition, Lü represented the Sichuanese forces, and after the mission's failure, he fled back to his native Sichuan in exile once more. Yet, despite numerous defeats, the revolutionary spirit installed within Lü never died out. Instead, he continued to bide his time, believing fervently in the principles illustrated by the late eternal premier of the Kuomintang. As he waited in exile under the Yang Sen regime that once again took control of Sichuan, he maintained his contacts with the Kuomintang throughout the country.
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 9th, 1890, in Yibin County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$SZC_lu_chao_bio$\n\nNow, with the victory of republican forces in Sichuan, Lü has emerged as the de facto leader of a tense alliance between the republican Kuomintang and the Federalists, ready to fulfil the late president's visions for a free and truly democratic China.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 9th, 1890, in Yibin County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PIndustrial Corps§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$SZC_lu_chao_bio$§!
Deng Xihou
§YBorn:§! §LMay 24th, 1889, in Yingshan County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDeng joined the army in 1906 and went on to enrol in the Baoding Academy, though he would later discontinue his studies to return to Sichuan when the Xinhai Revolution occurred. Deng went on to rise through the ranks over the years until he was promoted to general in 1923. Having been more active behind a desk than on the various battlefields during this turbulent time in China earned him a reputation as a trustworthy and competent careerist, though he hardly earned much fame and fortune in the process. While he was respected among his colleagues from the Baoding Department, he would eventually go on to be subordinated to Yang Sen as the Zhili Clique favoured the Armament Department over the Baoding Department.\n\nDespite not having the favour of the Zhili, the Baoding Department managed to cooperate with the Armament Department, putting them in a position where they were able to fill the vacuum in Sichuan left by the eventual collapse of Yang Sen's clique in the Sichuanese Civil War of 1936. As the most prominent figure in the more traditionalist side of the Baoding Clique, his reforms focus on rural development and improving the lot of the farmers of Sichuan. His widespread support in the countryside and the army combined with the broader support earned by his diarchy partner Liu Wenhui has put the Baoding Department in a position of political flexibility rarely seen among China's warlord cliques. He aims to turn Sichuan into a model province for the rest of China, generally putting the well-being of Sichuan's people ahead of ideology or lofty expansionist ambitions.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 24th, 1889, in Yingshan County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §cDeng Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter joining the army in 1906 Deng was admitted to the Sichuanese Military Academy. After graduating in 1909 he enrolled into the Baoding Academy. After the Xinhai Revolution, Deng discontinued his studies and returned to Sichuan to continue his military service there instead. After the Republic of China was established Deng joined the Sichuan Fourth Division under Liu Cunhou. Deng successively held the post of adjutant and went on to rise through the ranks to become a battalion commander by 1916, the commander of the Fifth Brigade in 1917 and an independent brigade commander by February 1918. From 1920 to 1923 Deng participated in various battles in Yunnan, Guizhou and Sichuan and performed well enough to become the commander of the Third Division. In December of the same year, the Beijing government established by the Zhili clique had him promoted to the rank of general. He would maintain this rank after being subordinated to Yang Sen when he was made the military governor of Sichuan.\n\nDeng is a careerist through-and-through, with a service record that had more stationings, transfers and promotions than actual battles by the time he became the most prominent figure among Sichuan's Baoding graduates. While no one disputes that he's competent at what he does, his experience in the past has been far more theoretical than practical compared to his more battle-hardened peers.§!
Tian Songyao
In 1912, Tian joined the Sichuan Army under Liu Cunhou's 4th division. Although a member of the Tongmenghui during the Qing years, Tian aligned with Yuan Shikai during the Second Revolution of 1913. Liu Cunhou ultimately aligned against Yuan in the National Protection War a few years later, and Tian served as a captain. In 1917, Liu launched a campaign to retake Chengdu, and successfully took Chongqing and ousted the Yunnan and Guizhou forces in Sichuan.\n\nIn December, Tang Jiyao reignited the war and pushed Liu out of Chengdu. Beijing reorganised Liu's army into the 21st division and Tian was made Major General. By the end of the year, Liu put Tian in control of the 21st division. Liu made an alliance with Liu Xiang, and together they pushed Xiong Kewu out of Sichuan. In 1920, Xiong and Liu made an alliance against Yunnan, and they pushed Yunnanese forces out of Sichuan. The following year, Xiong allied with Liu Xiang and they pushed Liu out of Sichuan.\n\nTian's 21st division was folded into the new Sichuanese power structure. In 1922, Liu Xiang was defeated by Liu Chengxun and he took control of most of Liu Xiang's former domain. Deng Xihou of the Baoding Department was unhappy with the division of the spoils, and convinced fellow Baoding graduate Tian to join him against Liu, which saw the coalition win. When Liu Cunhou returned to Sichuan as Yang's subordinate, Tian realigned with his former commander, but maintains ties with the other warlords in case.
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in Jianyang, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$SZC_tian_songyao_bio$§!
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in Jianyang, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §aTian Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$SZC_tian_songyao_bio$§!
Huang Yin
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §cDeng Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBeginning his career in the army at the age of 17 and as a classmate of Deng Xihou, Huang Yin would study artillery at Baoding Army Academy before joining the Tongmenghui and manufacturing bombs during the Xinhai Revolution.\n\nGraduating from Baoding in 1917 and entering as a staff officer within one of Sichuan's many armies, he would find himself under the command of Liu Cunhou and his many subordinates, many of whom would become prominent generals in their own right. His proficiency as a commander and amicable relations with Deng Xihou would work in his favour, as he would be appointed as head of the Sichuan Riverine Defence Army by Wu Peifu in 1924. Huang's tact in civilian politics was also evident during his time as mayor of Chengdu from 1927 until the outbreak of the Central Sichuan War in late 1929.\n\nNow stationed around the town of Mianyang and the Fu River that runs through it, Huang manages his men well and has been tacitly accepted by the local populace. Along with this, Huang has sought to ingratiate himself with local democratic proponents, though he remains deeply wary of any socialist agitation that may come with it.§!\n\n§YNotes: Although Huang has risen to prominence within the ranks of Deng Xihou's army command, he has frequently dismissed suggestions from his officers that he should oppose Deng and strike his own path, remaining stubbornly loyal to his superior and colleague.§!
Chen Dingxun
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in Jianyang County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §cDeng Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLike many of his comrades, Chen Dingxun was an early associate of Deng Xihou, joining Deng's ranks as both a company commander and an aide at the divisional headquarters after graduating from the artillery school in Baoding Army Academy. Being promoted from regimental commander to brigade leader within Deng's army, Chen would receive the honorary title of \
Sun Zhen
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 5th 1892, in Mianzhu, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §aTian Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBrought up with a solid education but deeply changed by the death of his father and sister at a young age, Sun Zhen would abandon his future as a scholar to become a soldier, joining the Baoding Army Academy in 1912.\n\nSun, along with his classmates, would actively participate in both the Railway Protection Movement and the ensuing uprisings in Wuchang and the Eastern Seaboard. However, Sun would not return to his studies after the failed Second Revolution, returning to Chongqing to prepare for another uprising that would never come to fruition.\n\nAfter the tragedy of his mother's death in 1914, Sun would fall into unemployment before being offered a position as a platoon leader under Tian Songyao by one of his friends. Sun would go on to distinguish himself during the National Protection War by personally leading a 40-man assault squad to capture the town of Naxi, resulting in his promotion to the commander of a cavalry regiment.\n\nHe would continue to serve under Tian Songyao as part of Liu Cunhou's Jingchuan Army, now fighting against Xiong Kewu's forces. It would be here where he would command a daring 3-week campaign against his foes, employing everything from surprise attacks to tactical bluffs.\n\nGrowing his prestige during the 20s and 30s, Sun would continue to be one of Tian Songyao's most reliable commanders, being dispatched by Tian to aid Liu Cunhou against the Eastern Sichuan guerrillas and honing his proficiency in Sichuan's more difficult terrain.§!
Wang Mingzhang
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 4th, 1893, in the Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §aTian Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPredominantly raised by his great-uncle Wang Xintian, Wang Mingzhang would achieve excellent grades in his youth, being admitted to Sichuan Army Primary School at the age of 16. Wang would participate in many anti-Qing campaigns, even leaving his province for Shanghai to assault Jiangnan Arsenal during the Second Revolution.\n\nReturning to Sichuan, Wang would enlist in Liu Cunhou's army and be promoted many times throughout the early 1920s for his service in both the Sichuan-Yunnan wars and Sichuan's internal conflicts, garrisoning the town of Deyang by 1924.\n\nThe failure of the Northern Expedition and the slight army reorganisation that came after resulted in Wang being transferred to head the Fourth Division under the command of Tian Songyao, where he would continue to work diligently in his new role. As part of training and drilling his army, Wang would also make an effort to integrate irregular formations into his ranks, boosting his combat capabilities.\n\nAlong with the likes of Sun Zhen, Wang would also be assigned a role in \
Dong Songheng
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Pujiang, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §aTian Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDropping out of the Sichuan Army Primary School, Dong Songheng would nonetheless graduate from the Chongqing Army University, and later the Beiyang Army Accelerated Academy in Baoding in 1906. Repatriated and convicted for anti-Yuan Shikai activities, Dong would join the Sichuan National Defence Army and serve as a staff officer for Xiong Kewu, and a battalion commander for Liu Cunhou.\n\nFighting in the Constitutional Protection and National Protection Wars, Dong would fight under Tian Songyao in 1921 for Liu Cunhou. In 1924 he would continue to rise in the ranks under Tian, eventually becoming commander of his own division in the Sichuan Army under Tian and Sun Zhen. In 1933 he would participate in various campaigns against the revolutionary guerrillas, and by 1935 would be Sun Zhen's deputy commander in the Sichuan Army. As of recent, Dong has been promoted to Major General.§!
Qiu Yanxun
§YBorn:§! §L1891, in Zizhong, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §cDeng Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAn early member of the Tongmenghui, Qiu Yanxun has risen the ranks of the Baoding Clique from a Majo General Chief of Staff of the Military Governor, to that of Chief of Staff of Deng Xihou's Sichuan Army, and Director of the Chengdu Public Security Bureau.§!
Chen Shunong
§YBorn:§! §L1893, in Jianzhou, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §cDeng Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEncouraged by his family members to join the military, Chen Shunong's studious nature would be noticed by Liu Cunhou, who would betrothe his niece to Chen. Admitted to the Sichuan Army Primary School in 1908, he would graduated in 1911 and eventually enter the first class of the Baoding Army Officers Academy, Returning to Sichuan after graduaton, he would serve under Deng Xihou's Sichuan Army, being steadily promoted in the 1910s.\n\nIn 1921, he would still remain under the service of Deng Xihou, fighting under him against the other Sichuan warlords. In 1923 he would join Deng in the campaign against Xiong Kewu, and would be rewarded with promotion to Lieutenant General by the freshly annointed Governor Deng in 1924. In 1926 he would be granted a sizeable force of 10,000 troops, and be stationed in Hechuan, during which he would levy heavy taxes, plunder, and become one of the wealthiest and most corrupt Sichuan warlords.\n\nCollaborating with the likes of Liu Bocheng, Chen would play a pivotal role in the brief power struggle in the Baoding Department during the Central Sichuan War of the late 1920s, resolutely backing Deng in his affairs, albeit also maintaining an alliance with Liu Wenhui.§!
Hu Lincong
§YBorn:§! §Lin Chengdu, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §aTian Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA close affiliate of Tian Songyao, Hu Lincong would follow Tian throughout all of his gambits within the Red Basin, rising from platoon leader to company commander, and later battalion commander. In 1933 he was admitted to the Baoding Military Academy, and has only recently returned to Sichuan after graduation.§!
Ma Guorong
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 20, 1903, in Xichang County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §cDeng Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a Hui family, Ma Guorong would be forced to bear the burden of supporting his family after his father died young, and would participate in transporting local goods between Chongqing and Xichang. In 1923, Ma abandoned his transport career to join the army, enrolling in the first class of the Military Education Corps, founded by Deng Xihou. Graduating in 1924, he would rise up through the ranks to major by 1930, and after being transferred to Chongqing in 1933, would become a lieutenant colonel by 1935.§!
Liu Wenhui
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 10th, 1895, in Dayi County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA lifelong military man, Liu Wenhui has been in the army since he was thirteen. He enrolled into the Sichuanese Military Academy in 1911, and subseequently enrolled into the Baoding Army Academy in 1914, and went on to graduate from it in 1916. While he owes a lot of his success and influence through nepotism and convenient connections, he's nonetheless managed to become a respected and influential figure within the clique. After the end of the Northern Expedition, Wenhui went on to side fully with Deng Xihou and would go on to become one of the clique's more notorious members.\n\nAfter the defeat of his nephew Liu Xiang in the Sichuanese Civil War, the Baoding department ascended to power. His friendship with Deng Xihou earned him a position of leadership with what has become the country's diarchy where he - in stark contrast to his nephew - represents a more reformist branch within the diarchy. Popular within the military and the more urban administrative class, he's allowed the department to broaden its support far beyond the conservative constituents that Xihou appeals to. While he's unlikely to make it into the history books as one of China's greatest military leaders, as long as the cooperation between the two friends in the diarchies continues he's sure to be remembered for his stalwart efforts to rapidly modernise Sichuan and improve the lot of the province's citizens.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 10th, 1895, in Dayi County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §mLiu Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLiu Wenhui has been in the army his whole life thanks to his brother enrolling him into the Sichuanese Military Academy in 1911. It's fitting in a sense as most of his subsequent advancements in life were either thanks to nepotism through his brother Liu Wencai or his nephew Liu Xiang, or the result of connections to a clique such in the case of his ties to the Baoding Army Academy where he enrolled in 1914.\n\nAlthough he's admittedly been a devoted and dedicated military man since his graduation from the Baoding Military Academy in 1916, his track record leaves a lot to be desired. Most notably, it was under his watch, parts of western Xikang were lost to Tibet. Despite the fact that his early military record is marred by poor results, his connections within the Baoding Department and relative popularity in the cities has made him a force to be reckoned with.§!
Xia Shouxun
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Jiangjin, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §mLiu Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWitnessing the decay and national turmoil of the late-Qing era, Xia would be admitted to the Baoding Army Academy and become interested in military affairs. After graduating, Xia joined the army of Liu Xiang as a regimental commander before fleeing to Japan in 1915, fearing prosecution from the authorities of Yuan Shikai.\n\nAfter the conclusion of the National Protection War, Xia returned to Sichuan and joined Zhong Tidao's division before switching allegiances to Liu Wenhui when Liu rose to prominence. Fighting in Liu Wenhui's army against various opponents, he would be promoted to the rank of divisional commander after the failure of the Northern Expedition in 1927.\n\nAn adequately competent officer within Liu Wenhui's army, he cares for his men well while also encouraging resourcefulness and discipline when needed. Consequently, his men are motivated and unwaveringly loyal, willing to heed Xia's every command through thick and thin.§!\n\n§YNotes: A devoted patriot, Xia is known for occasionally leaving his garrison area to return to his hometown of Jiangjin, developing local industries, strengthening commerce and often dedicating his own money towards planning steps towards hydroelectricity.§!
Xiang Chuanyi
§YBorn:§! §L1886, in Renshou County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §mLiu Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoining the Tongmenghui in 1902 and engaging in revolutionary circles, Xiang Chuanyi was active in Sichuan even in the years before Xinhai, joining the ranks of Xiong Kewu when the revolution came. During the Second Revolution, however, Xiang was forced to flee to Shanghai in the chaos, then left China altogether to study at Hosei University in Japan.\n\nArriving back in Yunnan via Indochina in 1916, Xiang would make his way back into Sichuan alongside Xiong Kewu. Serving under the revolutionary coalition, Xiang would come into contact with regional militarists Deng Xihou and Tian Songyao while also finding himself aligning more with the Industrial Corps over Xiong. Xiong Kewu's expulsion from Sichuan, first by Yunnan-Guizhou forces, then by the other warlords of Sichuan, would result in Xiang working with the nascent Baoding Department.\n\nDe jure a subordinate to Liu Wenhui, in practice, Xiang would play the role of an autonomous actor merely privy to Baoding interests. It would be this dynamic that resulted in Xiang Chuanyi being appointed as head of the Three Army Command Office in 1925, when the Baoding Department controlled Chengdu, a method of compromise for the triumvirate jostling for power. In this role, Xiang was responsible for dialogue between Liu, Deng and Tian while also unofficially being the police chief and head of the militia. While the Command Office has since been relocated to Ya'an due to hostilities with Yang Sen, Xiang's duties have remained mostly the same.§!
Liu Yuanxuan
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 1911, in Dayi County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §mLiu Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe nephew of Liu Wenhui, Liu Yuanxuan would study hard in his youth, and in 1925 would enter the Chengdu Dacheng Middle School for one year. Joining the army under influence of his relatives, he would be admitted to the local training school of his uncle's Sichuan Army, and after graduation would serve as captain of the Xufu Merchant Protection Team. Being rapidly promoted after the Central Sichuan War, he would soon become commander of the 13th Brigade of the Sichuan Border Defence Army, stationed in Hanyuan.\n\nIn 1934, Liu would briefly be assigned to a Zhili officer training corps in Lushan, and would travel from Sichuan to other provinces, and even to Japan, deeply affecting his conceptualisation of Japanese Imperialism. As a result, he has increasingly floated towards progressive circles, especially so after the influx of democratic intellectuals washed ashore inside the interior of the nation.§!
Wu Jingbo
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §mLiu Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGraduating from the Sichuan Army Primary School and the Sichuan Army Accelerated School, Wu Jingbo would join the second class of the infantry department of the Baoding Army Officers School, and promptly graduate from that institution in 1916. In 1923 he became director of the General Staff of the 9th Sichuan Army Division under Liu Wenhui, and the following year became its Chief of Staff. In 1926 he would cooperatie with cross-Baoding efforts to front a Sichuan unified government, and in 1927 returned to serve as one of Liu Wenhui's staff officers.§!\n\n§YNotes: Wu constantly muses about leaving the army and entering politics.§!
Wang Yunxiang
§YBorn:§! §L1886, in Jianyang, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §mLiu Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWang Yunxiang's initiation into his army career would be a rigorous one, not only graduating from the accelerated class of Baoding Army Academy in 1909, but also being admitted to Beijing Army University, from which he graduated in 1916.\n\nWith such a prestigious military education, he was highly valued by whomever he served under, commanding his troops for a short time under Liu Xiang before becoming Liu Wenhui's chief of staff in 1927. Guarding the rear areas of northern Xikang during the Central Sichuan War, Wang would remain committed to reinforcing a culture of military education within his ranks. Surveying the local terrain and analysing the combat ability of his troops when skirmishing with bandits, he would go on to compile the book \
Leng Yindong
§YBorn§!: §L1894, in Dayi County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §mLiu Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoining the Tongmenghui via participation in the Railway Protection Movement in 1911, Leng would enrol in the Sichuan Army Officers School before drifting around China engaging in revolutionary activity post-Xinhai. This track record, along with his membership in the Kuomintang, would result in his imprisonment in Chengdu in 1915, but he would be freed shortly after, following the NPA's reclamation of the city.\n\nContinually embroiled in Sichuan's political turmoil. Leng would be appointed as a battalion commander under Luo Peijin before becoming a lieutenant colonel in the ranks of Sichuanese warlord Chen Hongfan in 1918. Chen's defeat at the hands of Yang Sen would see Leng be transferred to Yang's army and then Liu Xiang's army after Yang was expelled in late 1925. In Liu Xiang's army, Leng would command the 12th division, supervised by Liu Wenhui, drifting slowly into Liu Wenhui's circle as a result.\n\nLeng has served in a plethora of roles in Liu Wenhui's officer corps, one of the most important being his role as Liu's mediator at the conclusion of the Central Sichuan War. He is also responsible for attempts at rooting out corruption among the region's civilian officials and is a reliable colleague to Wang Yunxiang as a general of the Chuan-Kang Defence Army.§!\n\n§YNotes: On top of cracking down on corruption and opium usage, Leng has also worked in league with the likes of Xiang Chuanyi to arrest and execute CSP operatives and agitators in Xikang.§!
Liu Wencai
§YBorn:§! §L1887, in Dayi County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §mLiu Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA prominent landlord and the elder brother of Liu Wenhui, Liu Wencai abounds within Sichuan so-much-so that he has gained the moniker \
Shao Shichi
§YBorn:§! §Lin Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §mLiu Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHighly respected by Liu Wenhui, Shao Shichi has served as a capable bureaucrat and loyal director of Liu's intrigues within Chengdu, serving as the director of Liu's Chengdu office. Willing to promote democracy within Liu's Baoding Department, Shao has floated the idea, alongside other members of Liu's corterie such as Ma Zhemin, Huang Xianzhang, Yang Bokai, and Li Xiangfu, of forming their own democratic society in cooperation with the Grand Republican Alliance. With the ultimate goal of of preserving national unity, persistence in anti-imperialism, opposition to dictatorship, and the practice of democracy, Shao's true capability shines in managing Liu Wenhui's finances.§!
Zeng Shufan
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Nanxi Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §mLiu Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA graduate of the Beijing Law School in 1925, Zeng SHufan returned to Sichuan that same year and became a teacher. Co-founding the New Sichuan Newspaper with Chen Mingde and others, he joined the Chinese Syndicalist Party in 1928 during his studies in France, taking a political economy course at the Faculty of Letters at the University of Paris. Participating in the work-study programs and the Eastern Anti-Imperialist League, he also published National Salvation Evening News.\n\nHaving recently returned to China, Zeng has solicited membership into the FCDP, being one of its most stringently leftist members, and a close collaborator with men such as Zhang Lan, Zhang Dongsun, and Zhang Junmai.§!\n\n§YNotes: He is sympathetic to the struggle of the Sichuan Guerrilla insurgents.§!
Li Zemin
§YBorn:§! §Lin Shuangliu County, Sichuan Province Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cBaoding Department§! - §mLiu Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into a landlord family, Li Zemin's family owns hundreds of acres of land within Chengdu and Shuangliu. Having joined the Sichuan Army, and rising to the rank of general under Liu Wenhui, Li had adopted the method of education as the key to Chinese national salvation. In 1930, as one of the most senior officers under Liu's command, he sold his family property around Chengdu to establish the Chengdu Private Datong Middle School right within the urban heart of the city.\n\nInstilling within his students the moral imperative of national salvation, alongside a form of civic militarism, Li Zemin has become one of the most popular and respected of the Sichuan Generalship, even if he has largely retired from active service.§!
Liu Cunhou
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 24th, 1884, in Jianzhou, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of wealthy salt merchants, Liu Cunhou is more of a brutish bandit than a strategist, let alone a governor. He attended Sichuan's military academy in 1903, went on to study in Japan in 1907, and returned to Sichuan after Graduating in 1908. He made a name for himself during the Xinhai Revolution where he initially led smaller anti-bandit forces and went on to lead larger forces as his loyalty earned him the trust of his superiors. During the conflicts he participated in, however, his forces were often more concerned with extorting wealth from the locals than functioning as a proper military force. While his soldiers often behaved like bandits, he's managed to strong-arm himself into a position of relative power in Sichuan in the process, though he's hardly endeared himself to the people.\n\nDuring the Sichuanese civil war, Liu Cunhou hardly contributed to the Armament Department's breakthroughs, though his forces were plentiful enough to exploit the ones that were created during the conflict. As he was mostly experienced in anti-banditry operations, his forces spent most of the war flushing out Kuomintang loyalists and mopping up routed remnants of Liu Xiang's faction of the Accelerated Department. Thanks to this, his forces were left in a relatively unscathed state compared to the rest of the Armament Department, eventually allowing him to outmanoeuvre his supposed ally Yang Sen once the dust of the war had settled.\n\nHis reign as a governor of Sichuan would end up being little more than his de-facto banditry on a larger scale. Imposing countless of taxes upon the people and using his army to extort the rich and poor of Sichuan alike, he quickly grew to become a hated tyrant that chiefly managed to maintain power through violent repression and shameless bribery.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 24th, 1884, in Jianzhou, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PArmament§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLiu Cunhou was enrolled into the Sichuanese Military Academy in 1903. He went on to study at the Japanese Imperial Army Academy in 1907 and had graduated by 1908, after which he returned to China. His military career began in proper during the Xinhai Revolution when he was first promoted to Lieutenant-General by the Beiyang commanders. He went on to lead a series of anti-bandit raids and would earn the trust of his superiors, enough so that he'd eventually go on to lead provisional armies. It is, however, speculated that this had less to do with his abilities as a commander and was rather a question of him seeming loyal in a time of conflict and chaos.\n\nWhile he was able to successfully pacify bandits and earn the trust of his superiors, he earned nothing but disdain from the locals as his armies would behave no better than the bandits they were supposed to fight. Wherever his forces went, they would effectively run a protection racket against the locals. Greedy and less concern with discipline than military doctrine, he's held in poor regard by most of his peers and was seen as a man largely devoid of military acumen through most of his career. Be that as it may, he was still the epitome of a ruthless warlord and managed to amass wealth and a powerbase to be reckoned with.\n\nHe was eventually subordinated to Yang Sen and tasked with maintaining order in the north of the country. His previous loyalty to the Zhili has earned him a high position within the Armament Department despite his spotty military record.§!
Liao Zhen
§YBorn:§! §L1881, in Jianyang County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PArmament§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGraduating from the Sichuan Accelerated Army Academy and quietly rising through the ranks of Liu Cunhou's army, Liao Zhen would find himself in the role of governor and county magistrate of Wanyuan County in 1923. Beginning his administration by combating agitators and suppressing uprisings, Liao would be transferred to Suining in 1925 before being transferred back to Wanyuan the following year.\n\nMaintaining neutrality through most of Sichuan's provincial infighting and integrating himself within the ranks of Liu Cunhou's Chuan-Shaan Border Defence Army, Liao Zhen would spend most of his time commanding troops against the persistent East Sichuan Red Army, often resorting to collaborating with bandits to wipe out the guerrillas. This has unfortunately only resulted in limited successes, as the 18 peaks that make up Wanyuan's surrounding mountain ranges have proven complex to fight in, only worsened by the poor logistics and discipline in Liao Zhen's fighting formations.\n\nNevertheless, Liao Zhen continues to toil at his post under Liu Cunhou, one of the key individuals forming a new officer backbone within the Armament Department.§!\n\n§YNotes: Despite his legacy of brutality against guerrilla fighters in Eastern Sichuan, where he is infamous for administering collective punishments and massacring the families of insurgents, Liao is also known by many in Wanyuan as a generous philanthropist, having donated much of his wealth to the repair and maintenance of bridges and river enbankments.§!
Zhou Daogang
§YBorn:§! §L1875, in Shuangliu County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PArmament§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGraduating from his studies in Japan in 1904, Zhou spent the next few years as the supervisor and military instructor of Sichuan Armed Forces Academy. After the Xinhai revolution broke out in 1911, he first served as Minister of the Army in Sichuan, before being called to Beijing as an advisor, in which he joined the Progressive Party at this time.\n\nWhen the National Protection War broke out, Zhou sided with Cai E's forces, and was appointed as commander of the 1st division of the Sichuan Army. After a brief stint as Governor of Sichuan in 1917, Zhou largely stayed on the sidelines until 1925 and Yang Sen rose to power. After being invited by Yang, he found himself placed in command just in time for the Northern Expedition. Serving as a proponent of Cross-Sichuan Unity, Zhou has positioned himself close to both the gentry, Grand Republican Alliance, and the Federation of Chinese Democratic Parties.§!
Liu Bangjun
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Jianyang County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PArmament§!\n§YBackground:§! §LStudying at a private school in his early years, Liu Bangjun would enter the Baoding Army Officers School in 1907. After graduation, he joined the First Division of the Sichuan Army under Zhou Jun as a company commander, then a battalion, and finally a regiment commander. Seeing service in the Sichuan Warlord medley, he would later be promoted to adjutant general of the military governor, director of military supply, a major general in his own right, and finally a division commander.\n\nParticipating in the campaign against local guerrillas, Liu would be promoted to lieutenant general, and in 1935 became deputy commander of the Emei Officer Training Corps.§!
Chen Hongfan
§YBorn:§! §Lin Dayi County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PArmament§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA student of the scholar Li Xing, Chen Hongfan served as a commander of the First Division of the Sichuan Army after the Xinhai Revolution, and would later become commander of the 8th Division. Participating in the Sichuan Warlord feud, he would become the \
Zhao Ronghua
§YBorn:§! §L1873, in Huangxian County, Shandong Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PArmament§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of a poor family in Shandong, Zhao disliked studying and labour as a child, and in 1893 fled with a friend to Zhili Province, and joined the Yi Army. Fighting in Korea during the Sino-Japanese War, he would be commended by Ma Sanyuan for his service and be promoted to sentry captain. In 1900, Zhao led a death squad and successfully recaptured Caicun from the Japanese, for which he would be promoted to sentry officer. With a brief tenure as garrison commander in Nanyuan and Yutian County, he would follow Zhang Xun in 1907 to Jiangsu.\n\nAfter the Wuchang Uprising, Zhao would revolt for the revolutionaries in Nanjing, and in 1914 would help suppress Bai Lang in Hubei. In 1917 Zhao would fight with Wu Peifu against Li Tiancai in Hubei, and as a result would be promoted, and served as a general under Wang Zhanyuan. In 1920, Zhao destroyed Wu Guangxin's HQ in Hubei, capturing him alive, and become a local official in Hubei. In 1923, he would be deprived of his power by Wu Peifu, and sent to Sichuan to aid Zhili efforts there.\n\nAfter the Second ZhiFeng War in 1924, Zhao regrouped with Wu to Wuhan, serving in a blocking detachment role, and as chief inspector of the Beijing-Hankou Railway. Supervising the battle at Hesheng Bridge during the Northern Expedition, Zhao would be forced to retreat to Hankou, before aiding in the Zhili advance southwards into Hunan. With the Zhili victory, and no space for Zhao in Hubei, Wu would dispatch him to Sichuan to aid Liu Cunhou and Yang Sen.§!
Zhao Xi
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 13th, 1867, in Rong County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PArmament§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into a poor peasant family, Zhao Xi would attend a private school in 1872, ably displaying extreme intelligence at a young age. Proficient in the classics by the age of 12, he began his legendary poetical career in 1879, and in 1882 became a scholar. In 1887 he took the provincial exam, failed, and went to study at Jiufeng Academy. In 1888 he once again failed the provincial exam, but in 1891 he finally passed, and then immediately passed the imperial examination, and finally took the palace examination.\n\nAfter a harsh period of time as a state official and educator, Zhao Xi would truly rise to national prominence in 1905, with his original work \
Yin Changling
§YBorn:§! §L1869, in Huayang County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PArmament§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPassing the imperial exam in 1888, Yin Changling entered the Hanlin Academy in 1889, and became a common official upon its disbandment. Serving as a magistrate and prefect, he was a significant contributor to the Qing's Reform Policy in Shaanxi province, becoming known as the \
Liu Shiliang
§YBorn:§! §L1876, in Neijiang County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PArmament§!\n§YBackground:§! §LStudious and diligent as a young man, Liu Shiliang was particularly loved by his teachers. However, disatisfied with their lack of knowledge, he dropped out of school, being privately tutored until 1896 when his tutor died. Sympathetic to Kang Youwei's ideals, Liu would enthusiastically support both the Hundred Days Reform of the Late Qing, and furthermore the Xinhai Revolution.\n\nHowever, disillusionment with Chinese internal politics led to him establishing the Shiliang Suikan in Chengdu in the 1920s. Criticising Sichuan Warlords and other political figures alike through humorous sketches, poetry, drama, and couplets, Liu earned the moniker as the \
Yang Sen
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 20th, 1884, in Guang'an, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter entering the army in 1904, Yang Sen had his first brushes with politics when he joined the Tongmenghui Society while attending the Sichuan Education Hall in 1906. After graduating in 1908 he went on to serve in the Newly Created Army of the Great Qing until 1911. His background and connections allowed him to gain prominence when the Xinhai Revolution occurred. While serving under Cai E, he was eventually promoted to the rank of general in 1921 and posted in Chongqing. This pattern of rising in the ranks through political ties and manoeuvring more than military accomplishments went on when Yang Sen became an ally of Wu Peifu in 1925. When the Zhili became the dominant clique in the fully restored Great Qing, Yang Sen was elevated to the governorship of Sichuan.\n\nAs governor of Sichuan, Yang Sen stands out from other warlords with his platform of rapid modernisation both in the social and economic spheres, spearheaded with various infrastructure and educational projects that have improved the lives for many in Sichuan. While he is a competent enough military leader, the fact that Yang Sen owes much of his success to dealmaking and supporting the right people at the right time has put him and the Armament Department in a precarious position. His position is further undermined by his own lifestyle contradicting what he claims to be best for Sichuan, which has limited his public support. For instance, he would earn the ire of more conservative elements of Sichuan by speaking out against traditional roles for women and practices such as foot binding, and would then squander any goodwill he might have gotten from reformists by having eight concubines of his own and as many as thirty children between them.\n\nDespite his many imperfections, he's managed to hold on to power thus far with enough support both from the army and common folk to be a force to be reckoned with. And as long as he's in charge, the Zhili will have a reliable ally in Chengdu.§!
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 20th, 1884, in Guang'an, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aYang Sen§!\n§YBackground:§! §LYang Sen joined the army in 1904 and attended Sichuan's military academy which he graduated from in 1908. Afterwards, he served in the Qing New Army until 1911. His background and education allowed him to rise to prominence in Sichuan's military clique when the Xinhai Revolution began the same year. During this period Yang served under general Cai E, who also promoted him to become one of Sichuan's generals in 1921. After being posted to command the forces of Chongqing, Yang Sen would go on feud with the province's other warlords, most notably Xiong Kewu and Liu Xiang. Despite his attempts to undermine his opposition, he was never fully successful.\n\nHis position as military governor of Sichuan has far more to do with his ties to Wu Peifu and the Zhili clique than any military accomplishments. That being said, he's hardly an inept military leader either by any stretch of the imagination, having performed adequately in prior wars and maintained the Armament Department's prominence in Sichuan throughout his time as governor.§!
Fan Shaozeng
§YBorn:§! §L1894, in Dazhu County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aYang Sen Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNicknamed \
He Guoguang
§YBorn:§! §L1885, in Puqi County, Hubei Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aYang Sen Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEnrolling in the Sichuan Army school in 1903, He Guoguang studied alongside big names in Sichuan such as Yang Sen and Liu Xiang. When the Xinhai revolution broke out however, he went back to his native Hubei, and participated in the Battle of Wuchang. After studying a fourth term and graduating in 1916, he served under Kou Yingjie for some time as a brigade commander, before shining in his own right and being promoted to commander of the 5th division of Wu Peifu's Army.\n\nInitially suffering losses during the Northern Expedition, He successfully defended his home province against the encroaching Kuomintang. By all matters a late arrival to the \
Guo Rudong
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Tongjiang County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aYang Sen Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDropping out of Chongqing Prefecture Middle School at a young age, Guo Rudong would instead join the Tongmenghui, and subsequently a Dare-To-Die Squad in Chongqing during the Xinhai Revolution. In 1912 he enrolled in the Sichuan Army Officers School to study engineering, and after graduation enlisted in Liu Cunhou's 2nd Division of the Sichuan Army in 1914. In 1916 he fought in the National Protection War against Yuan Shikai, earning numerous distinctions and a promotion.\n\nIn 1917 he participated in the Sichuan-Yunnan and Sichuan-Guizhou campaigns, and in 1920 became a division commander. After another promotion in 1923, and enlistment under Yang Sen, Guo dutifully followed his superior until his own defeat. In 1925 he briefly became an interim leader of Yang Sen's forces, and in 1926 rejoined with Yang Sen to depose Liu Xiang, and thereafter served in the military campaigns against the various guerilla groups in Eastern Sichuan.§!\n\n§YNotes: He maintains a student-teacher relationship wtih Li Weiru, and otherwise is pragmatic with men such as Liu Xiang.\nHe has an extremely positive reputation in Yinjia City.§!
Yang Hanyu
§YBorn:§! §L1905, in Guang'an, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aYang Sen Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe young nephew of Yang Sen, Yang Hanyu lived with the Yang family, and entered the 19th class of the Kunming Military Academy, and the 3rd Class of the Baoding Military Academy. In 1925, Yang was the commander of the 1st Mixed Brigade of the Sichuan Military Affairs Inspectorate, and serving his uncle during the Central Sichuan War, would participate in future campaigns against both his uncle's enemies, and the guerrilla insurgents within Eastern Sichuan.§!
Xia Jiong
§YBorn§!: §L1897, in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aYang Sen Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA seasoned veteran of the Sichuan melee, Xia Jiong would begin his career in the First Infantry Class of Luzhou Military Academy, headed by Yang Sen himself, quickly integrating into the Yang's ranks after graduating. During Yang's brief tenure as head of Sichuan's Military Affairs Supervisory Office in 1925, Xia would serve as a captain in the Office's second guard battalion. Xia would continue to be promoted into roles close to Yang, becoming head of the guard regiment of Yang's headquarters in 1927.\n\nFinally taking on a frontline combat post after the Central Sichuan War in 1934, Xia would come to command a variety of mixed brigades and be commended by Yang Sen as an extremely effective leader. Although considered very loyal and regarded as Yang Sen's second in command, he is one of the few new generals who have actually been appointed by Yang Sen for merit and not nepotism. As such, Xia often finds himself in disagreements with some of General Yang's own relatives, such as Yang Hanyu and Yang Gancai, who he considers incompetent and undeserving of military commands. As a primarily military confidant of Yang, Xia has also become more involved in civilian matters throughout the intervening years, with links to Mu Zibin and foremen in Sichuan's Road-Building Association.§!\n\n§YNotes: A determined and aggressive commander, Xia is revered by his subordinates for equipping his guard officers with swords and sabres to cut down any soldiers who dare retreat or desert the battlefield.§!
Zhou Weizhen
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Tongliang County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aYang Sen Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAttending a private school in his hometown, Zhou Weizhen was renowned for his academic excellence, talent, and personal character. In 1906 ZHou left his family and enrolled in the Sichuan Army Primary School, excelling in his studies. Due to his record, he was sent to the Wuchang Army Third Middle School in 1909, and would actively partake in the Wuchang Uprising. In 1912 he entered the first class of the Quartermasters Corps at the BAoding Army Officers School, and graduated in 1914.\n\nThe following year, Zhou enlisted under Liu Cunhou as a staff officer, fighting in the National Protection War, and in 1917 he attended the Army University for further studies. In 1919 he became a tactical instructor at the Sichuan Accelerated Academy, and served under Yang Sen. In 1929, Zhou served as an instructor at the Central Army Quartermaster School, the director of the Quartermaster Department, and a senior staff officer of Yang Sen's Army. In 1935 Zhou became the deputy director of Transportation from Chongqing to Luoyang, earning a direct line between Governor Yang and the Jade Marshal.§!\n\n§YNotes: Whilst also a skilled tactician, Zhou is a renowned musician, scholar, calligrapher, and known for his kind heart.§!
Mu Zibin
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in Yichang County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §nYCP§!\n§YBackground:§! §LStudying at the Liuyi Academy at a young age, and eventually the Yiling Middle School, Mu Zibin would enter in the Wuchang Law School in 1916. After transferring to Beijing Chaoyang University to study Law, he would graduate and travel to Japan in 1921 to study at TOkyo Law School at his own expense. In 1925 he returned to China got the position of county magistrate of Wuxi County.\n\nOn his way to his post, he encountered bandits, his property was robbed, and his entourage was hacked to death. Mu, hiding in a cabin, escaped and fled to Yichang, being forbidden by his father to ever serve as an official again. Upon Yang Sen's entrance into Yichang, Mu Zibin begun to serve as a councilor for the general, running the Yichang Daily. In 1928, Mu requested that the local Sichuan garrison put down a peasant riot, and begun a series of literary productions throughout the early 1930s aimed at promoting Zhili unification efforts.§!\n\n§YNotes: Fairly corrupt yet steadfast in economic management, Mu Zibin is a recent yet devoted acolyte of the Young China Party.§!
Liu Xianying
§YBorn:§! §L1857, in Shuangliu County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aYang Sen Faction§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSelected as a tribute student in 1894, Liu Xianyang would rise the ranks of society as a famous Qing Confucian Scholar, and educator. Serving as a cabinet secretary and a member of the Sichuan Provincial Advisory Council, Liu taught at Zunjing Academy and Sichuan Normal University, becoming the editor of the Shuangliu County Chronicle.\n\nTeaching at the Guixin Academy, in 1918 he founded the Leshan Public Office, using 70% of his proceeds from daily calligraphy for disaster relief. In 1931 he publicised notices to promote welfare and relief for the local community.§!\n\n§YNotes: One of Sichuan's \
Liu Xiang
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 1st, 1888, in Dayi County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLiu Xiang initially rose to prominence in 1920 when he helped lead Sichuan's forces to a victory over Yunnan. He rose through the ranks and would eventually lead a large contingent of Sichuanese forces against the Kuomintang during the Northern Expedition. During this conflict he managed to gain a reputation as a skilled, albeit reckless, commander with numerous victories to his name. Once the Northern Expedition had been soundly defeated, he returned to Sichuan and was assigned to Chongqing as the head of the city's garrison.\n\nWhile his performance during this conflict allowed him to establish his own clique and remain a force to be reckoned with within Sichuan, he was never granted the governorship of the province that he felt that he deserved. Instead, he was made a subordinate to Yang Sen, a loyal stooge of Wu Peifu and the Zhili. Liu Xiang saw this as an insult and petty cronyism. As a result, he began to harbour a deep resentment towards both Yang Sen and the Zhili and their puppets in the Armament Department.\n\nThis resentment eventually led to him seizing the moment after the collapse of the Qing hegemony in the early days of 1936. After successfully rallying his subordinates in the Accelerated Department against Yang Sen, Liu Xiang managed to claim Chengdu for himself and defeat both the Armament and Baoding departments through a series of daring military gambles during the Sichuanese Civil War. After making himself the governor of Sichuan and moving the province's capital from Chengdu to the industrial powerhouse of Chongqing, he set out to rapidly modernise the region, hoping to eventually settle his scores with the Zhili.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 1st, 1888, in Dayi County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aFucheng Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter graduating from the Sichuanese Military College in 1909, Liu Xiang went on to rise in the ranks of the army until he became Sichuan's army chief in 1919. When the war between Sichuan and Yunnan broke out in 1920 Xiang earned his first military successes by pushing back the invading warlord forces. When the war ended in 1921, he was assigned to lead the Chongqing garrison. During this time, he established himself as a force to be reckoned with and built up considerable influence in Sichuan's industrial heartland.\n\nWhen the Kuomintang launched the Northern Expedition Liu Xiang led his forces against them. During this war he earned a reputation as a bold commander through a string of defensive battles and sometimes reckless counter-offensives. When the Kuomintang were defeated he returned to Sichuan where he was subordinated under Yang Sen, now the governor of Sichuan. Although he saw this as an insult, he still retained a sizeable force that remained loyal to him. Thanks in no small part to his successes in putting down the Northern Expedition, he's a respected military commander and a powerful warlord in his own right.§!
Pan Wenhua
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 16th, 1886, in Renshou County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aFucheng Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLeaving his struggling family to find ways to make ends meet in Chengdu, Pan Wenhua found irregular employment as an apprentice at a hat shop before being advised to join the Qing New Army. This marked the beginning of his military career, where he served as an attendant, being inducted properly into the army as a private two years later.\n\nGraduating from the Sichuan Army Officers' Accelerated Training School proper in 1909 as classmates with Liu Xiang. The 1910s saw Pan fight under several posts; the Qing New Army in Tibet, under Sichuanese generals Zhong Tidao and Liu Cunhou, before gaining sufficient military strength to garrison his own area for a time. Dislodged from his holdings around Bazhong by Tian Songyao in 1920, Pan would throw his lot in with his good friend Liu Xiang, quickly becoming one of Liu's most trusted generals and leader of the Eastern Sichuan Pacification Command in 1923. As Liu Xiang consolidated his holdings around Chongqing, Pan would take up posts alongside his brother Pan Chongyou in civilian matters too, concurrently serving as director of the Chongqing Commercial Port Supervisory Office before being appointed mayor of Chongqing in 1929.\n\nThe Central Sichuan War would see Pan fight under Liu Xiang's command, advising Liu at key points of the conflict. In the aftermath, Pan would be assigned by Liu to lead the South Sichuan Bandit Suppression Command against various bandits and the RKMT insurgents led by Lü Chao around Yibin.§!
Tang Shizun
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in Renshou County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aFucheng Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOriginally pressed into the life of a scholar by his father, Tang Shizun devoutly withdrew from the life of literature to pursue the career of warfare. Joining a military unit in 1906, Tang would enter the Sichuan Army Speed Training School, entering a class with the likes of Pan Wenhua, Liu Xiang, Wang Zuanxu and Yang Sen. Having been a fellow soldier of the 33rd Brigade with Pan Wenhua, the duo would ultimately end up in the service of their old friend Liu Xiang.\n\nAssisting Liu much akin to Pan, Tang advised the former during Cai E's invasion into Sichuan in 1916, allowing Liu to win numerous victories over the Yunnanese. Always ambitiously desiring his next promotion, Tang would grow dissatisfied as he consistently had to endure living in Liu Xiang's shadow.\n\nNevertheless, Tang continues to advise Liu Xiang on military matters, providing an able subordinate, despite his lofty ambitions.§!
Guo Xunqi
§YBorn:§! §L1895, in Huayang County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aFucheng Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into a peasant family, Guo Xunqi joined the Sichuan Army as a soldier in 1912 and participated in the campaign against Tibet. Joining Pan Wenhua's rank in 1915 after returning to Chengdu, Guo rose from a platoon commander to a regimental commander. When Pan Wenhua joined Liu Xiang and became the commander of the 4th Division of the Sichuan Army in 1921, Guo followed and became the commander of the 7th Brigade under Pan's division.\n\nSince then, Guo has been serving under Liu Xiang together with Pan, and has developed a friendship with Chen Yi. It is said that during the KMT Northern Expedition, Guo took part actively in the leftist uprisings in Sichuan and provided assistance to leftist leaders when the Sichuan Clique cracked down on local socialist movements.§!\n\n§YNotes: Guo Xunqi is rumoured to have strong leftist sympathies, including direct contact with figures such as Liu Bocheng, which has caused friction and mistrust between him and Liu Xiang.§!
Wang Lingji
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in Leshan County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aFucheng Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a silk merchant family, Wang studied first in Sichuan, and then in Japan. Joining the Sichuan Army in 1906, he remained neutral during the Xinhai revolution. After being promoted to regiment commander in 1913 he crushed the revolutionary forces in Sichuan under the command of Xiong Kewu. When the National Protection War broke out, he sided with Yuan Shikai and fought against the National Protection Alliance. While he successfully took Chengdu, he then lost to the Yunnan Army, and was dismissed from his command.\n\nIn 1921 Wang joined the forces of Yang Sen and became his Chief of Staff, however when Yang was forced out of Sichuan he became a subordinate to Liu Xiang. After the Northern Expedition came to a close, he found himself still a subordinate of Liu Xiang.§!
Wang Zuanxu
§YBorn:§! §L1886, in Xichong County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aFucheng Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA classmate of Liu Xiang, Yang Sen, and Pan Wenhua, Wang attended Sichuan Army Crash Course. During the Republican Era, Wang served Liu Xiang's army which was Beijing aligned. During the Sichuan Yunnan War of 1920, Wang was assigned to Yang Sen by Liu. Later in the year, Wang would rise to the position of Brigade Commander and ruled Southern Sichuan. During his rule, southern Sichuan saw many improvements to farmland, water conservation, roads, prisons, and promoted overseas scholarship.\n\nIn 1922, Yang Sen engaged in a war against rival Sichuanese warlord Xiong Kewu, which the former lost. Yang and Wang fled Sichuan, and surrendered to Wu Peifu. Thanks to Wu's patronage, Yang and Wang rebuilt their forces and returned to the Sichuanese political scene. Yang allied with Liu Xiang and ousted the Guangzhou-aligned Xiong from the province. The following year, Yang invaded Chengdu and left Wang in control of the city. While in control, Wang developed Chunxi Road, built Shaosheng Park, bus stations, public restrooms, and enforced compulsory education.\n\nIn 1925, Yang made a play for total control of Sichuan, but was opposed by a coalition of all other Sichuanese warlords not backed by Guangzhou. Wang was enticed to rejoin Liu Xiang's army, and Yang had to end his power play. Stationed in Zizhong, Wang developed local education institutions.§!
Xu Shaozong
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in Qingxian County, Zhili Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aFucheng Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEntering the Sichuan Army Accelerated Training School in 1908, Xu Shaozong joined the 33rd Mixed Brigade of the Qing New Army as a platoon officer after graduation. In 1910, he entered the Sichuan Army Military Academy, studying alongside men such as Liu Xiang. Remaining in his position, and quickly becoming a team officer, after graduation, Xu would serve as a company commander in Zhou Jun's First Division of the Sichuan Army in 1912.\n\nSeeing service in all the battles within the Red Basin from that point onwards, Xu would become an indispensable part of the Accelerated Department's officer corps, and in 1934 became a Lieutenant General and Commander of the 161st Division directly under Liu Xiang.§!
Pan Changyou
§YBorn:§! §L1901, in Renshou County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aFucheng Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LServing under Yang Sen in Chengdu, and as a teacher under Pan Wenhua in Chongqing, Pan Chongyou became dirctor of the Chongqing Municipal Treasury in 1928, and co-founded a local bank. In 1930, he became chairman of the Huachang Coal Mine Company, and the following year was granted the position of general-manager of the Chongqing Citizens Bank. In 1934 he served as Chairman of the Chongqing Banking Association, and the Chongqing Chamber of Commerce.§!
Liu Congyun
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in Weiyuan County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aFucheng Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTeaching at a private school in his early years, the young Liu Congyun was naturally inclined towards using the mystique of fortune-telling and divination to defraud people. In 1911, he named himself the \
Lu Zuofu
§YBorn:§! §LApril 14th, 1893, in Chongqing, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aFucheng Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDropping out of school with excellent grades after completing primary due to poor finances, Lu Zuofu joined the Tongmenghui in 1910, and participated in the Sichuan Railway Protection Movement. In 1913 Lu participated in the Second Revolution, and with its failure left Chengdu for Shanghai. The following year, he met Huang Yanpei and established a deep friendship with him. Returning to Chonqging to work as a mathematics teacher, he became an editor for the Chengdu Qunbao and Chuanbao, writing many articles criticising societal problems.\n\nIn 1919 he took over as president and editor-in-chief of the Sichuan Daily, actively participating in the November Riots, and even joining the Young China Society organised by Li Dazhao. In 1921, he became the head of the Education Section of the Yongning Daoyin Office in Sichuan, carrying out various mass education schemes, albeit aborted due to Warlord infighting. In 1924, Lu was invited by Yang Sen to Chengdu to establish the Popular Education Centre and partake in various reformist efforts.\n\nIn 1925, after his experiments with education failed, Lu transitioned to industry, setting up the Minsheng Industrial Company. In 1926, after personally raising capital, he started his transportation career, and established a variety of different infrastructure projects all-throughout the Yangtze. In 1927 he was appointed by Liu Xiang to the Sichuan provincial Government, and by 1935 had become cemented as one of China's most influential shipping magnates.§!
Liu Hangchen
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Lu County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aFucheng Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn under a Catholic distillery operator, Liu Hangchen enrolled in the Department of Economics at Beijing University in 1917. After graduating in 1922, Liu returned to Lu County and became principal of Lu County Middle School. In 1926, after a scuffle with a local bureaucrat, Liu vowed to enter politics, and the following year, Liu was recommended by classmate Chen Xuechi (then a subordinate of Wang Lingji) to become director of the Chongqing Copper Coin Bureau.\n\nConducting various monetary reforms, Liu earned the admiration of Wang Lingji, and was thus recommended to Liu Xiang to become section chief of his army's finance department, wherein he soon became director. Departing from usual warlord methods, Liu reformed and streamlined local taxes, and eventually established a monopoly on opium under Liu Xiang's control.\n\nIn 1930, Liu proposed the establishment of the Army's General Treasury, which he utilised to issue effective government bonds, and treasury bills. Assuming the position of General Manager of the Sichuan Provincial Bank in 1935, Liu has recently established a \
Deng Hanxiang
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in Pan County, Guizhou Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aFucheng Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAttending private schools throughout his childhood, Deng Hanxiang would be admitted to Kunming Normal School in 1905, later entering the Kunming Military Academy and Guizhou Army School. In 1909, he would study at the Hubei Army School, organising the Yunnan-Guizhou Association and serving as its president. During the Wuchang Uprising, Deng served as a captain of a student battalion, and subsequently served in other early revolutionary roles.\n\nFollowing Xinhai, Deng became a liaison between Yuan Shikai and Li Yuanhong, and in 1913 up until 1916, worked with Cai E to oppose Yuan's monarchy restoration. Becoming the Beijing representative to Tang Jiyao, consultant to the State Council and the Ministry of War, Deng floated between Yunnan, Guizhou, Zhejiang, and Sichuan in various military-diplomatic roles.\n\nIn 1922, Deng served as a representative of Duan Qirui to Sun Yat-sen, offering an alliance to take down the Zhili Clique. In 1924, he became Chief Counselor of the Zhejiang-Shanghai Allied Forces, and aided in the formation of Duan Qirui's 1925 cabinet. In 1926, Deng followed Duan to Tianjin, and in 1928 returned to Guizhou, before becoming Liu Xiang's representative to Beijing. Since 1935, Deng has been one of Liu's most trusted advisors, and a man that Liu consults before every important decision.§!
Qiao Yifu
§YBorn:§! §L1885, in Mianzhu County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aAccelerated Department§! - §aFucheng Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGraduating from the Sichuan Military Academy and Sichuan Accelerated School in 1909, Qiao Yifu became an instructor at the Kunming Military Academy, and joined the Tongmenghui that year. After Xinhai, Qiao returned to Sichuan and served as a battalion commander under Liu Yuehou. In 1916, he fought in the National Protection War.\n\nIn 1919 he served as the representative of the Sichuan Army under Liu Xiang to Yunnan Province, and in 1921 became commander-in-chief of the Sichuan Army and special representative of the Sichuan Governor to Hankou. In 1927, Qiao became director of the Chongqing Municipal Police Department. And as of 1936, has recently become a senior staff officer in the Sichuan-Xikang Pacification Office.§!
Meng Wentong
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 16th, 1894, in Yanting County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §LApolitical§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAble to recite the Five Classics, Four Books, and various philosophical works at a young age, Meng Wentong would enter private schooling at the age of five. At 13, he would travel to Chengdu, and settle there. In 1907, Meng entered Sichuan Higher School alongside the likes of Zeng Qi and Guo Moruo. In 1911, Meng entered the Cungu School (later to become the Sichuan National Academy), and was tutored intensely in the classics.\n\nAfter graduation in 1916, Meng would travel to Chengdu to teach Chinese at the Provincial United chinese School in 1919, and in 1921 moved to Chongqing for the same job. In 1923, Meng enlisted in the Nanjing Inner Academy trial programme to study Buddhism, and later returned to Chongqing again to continue teaching. Producing his most famous work, \
Wang Enyang
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Nanchong County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §LApolitical§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA disciple of Ouyang Jingwu, Wang Enyang would start his academic career at Nanchong Middle School, before moving to Beijing in 1919 to audit classes in the Department of Philosophy at Beijing University. Appreciated by Liang Shuming, he would be tutored under him. In 1923, Wang travelled to the China Inner Academy in Nanjing, established by Ouyang Jingwu, to study Buddhist scriptures, and participated intensely in the Buddhist philosophical debates engulfing China at the time.\n\nIn 1925, Enyang became the Director and Professor of the Inner Academy's Special Course, and in 1927 returned to Sichuan following the suspension of classes at the Academy due to the Northern Expedition. Establishing the Guishan Study Room in Nanchong, he would continue to teach Buddhism and Confucianism to students, and in 1930 was invited to the Chengdu Buddhist Society. As of now, Enyang has focused his efforts intensely upon teaching and writing, producing a variety of texts on Buddhism.§!
Wen Shaohe
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in Ba County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §LApolitical§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe Hui son of a prestigous county family, Wen Shaohe had a standard youth of progressively advancing education, which would then spurn on a long career in teaching. Becoming principal of Ba County Middle School, he would later teach at East Sichuan Normal School, and from 1914 to 1921 was inspector of the Ba County Education Promotion Office, later becoming Director of the Ba County Education Bureau. In 1922, Wen was sent as a representative of the Chongqing Chamber of Commerce to the All-China Chamber of Commerce conference in Shanghai, meeting various renowned figures such as Liang Qichao, Zhang Taiyan, and Huang Yanpei.\n\nIn 1923 he became director of the Chongqing Chamber of Commerce, and chairman of the Silk Industry Association. In 1928, Wen was re-elected to the Chongqing Chamber of Commerce, effectively establishing his own dominance for innumerable consecutive terms. That same year, Wen served on the Chongqing University preparatory committee, and in 1932 established his own Middle School, and expanded his education institutions to include three schools by 1935.§!\n\n§YNotes: Considered to be popular, diligent, and spartan, Wen Shaohe is well-liked amongst Sichuan's Hui, Commercial, and Warlord communities, and is one of Sichuan's most favourable local figures.§!
Li Jieren
§YBorn:§! §LJune 20th, 1891, in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §LApolitical§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn as Li Jiaxiang, Li Jieren entered Sichuan Higher School in 1907, and in 1912 became the chief writer and editor-in-chief of Chengdu Qunbao Newspaper until 1918. The next year, Li organised and presided over the work of the Chengdu branch of the Young China Association, editing its weekly magazine, and left for France the same year to study. In 1923 he wrote the novella \
Zeng Junchen
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th 1888, in Weiyuan County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §LApolitical§!\n§YBackground:§! §LApprenticing at a saltworks at a young age in Luzhou, Zeng Junchen would resign from his job in 1912, and begin a grain store. In 1914, he opened a restaurant, the largest in Luzhou, and in 1920 partnered with Hu Shaozhang and others to establish a salt company in Chongqing. In 1922, Zeng founded a hydropower plant, and in 1924 became the president of the Chongqing Salt Lobby. Cultivating close ties with bureaucrats and warlords, Zeng's salt business would amass him a fortune by 1928.\n\nAt the same time, Zeng co-founded the Shuyi Tobacco Factory with Shui Xiheng, albeit due to the influence of Wang Zunxu, Zeng's salt business would become bankrupt, and he would subsequently serve as manager of Pan Changyou's own salt transportation business. As one of the nation's most prolific and \
Ren Hongjun
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 20th, 1886, in Dianjiang, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §LApolitical§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOne of China's most preeminent scholars, Ren Hongjun started his academic life being admitted to Dianjiang Academy in 1898. Intelligent, diligent, and amongst the best of the student body, Ren would take the final imperial examination in China, and in 1908 would travel to Japan to study applied chemistry. In 1909, he joined the Tongmenghui through the introduction of Dan Maoxin, and served as President of the Sichuan branch of the Tongmenghui.\n\nWriting revolutionary manifesto lambasting the Qing, Ren would oversea the sponsorship of revolutionaries to study in Tokyo, amongst them Chiang Kai-shek and Zhang Qun. After Xinhai, Ren was secretary to Sun Yat-sen, but would resign and travel to the USA to earn a master's degree in chemistry from Columbia University. Returning in 1918, Ren served as Director of the Education Department of the Ministry of Education, Professor of Beijing University, Editor of the Commercial Press in Shanghai, and Vice-President of the National Southeast University.\n\nIn 1935, Ren became president of Sichuan University, beginning an ambitious programme of multifaceted reform of its internal affairs. With his career at its highest, the most pressing thing on his mind is China's, and Sichuan's, lack of internal stability.§!
Jiang Kui
§YBorn:§! §L1893, in Ba County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §LApolitical§!\n§YBackground:§! §LStudying at Chongqing Guangyi Academy, Jiang Kui would proceed onto the Shanghai Nanyang Middle School, before beginning his naval career at the Wusong Merchant Marine College. In 1914, joining the navy as a trainee, Jiang would transition towards the Third Avenue of warfare in 1915 after enrolling at Beijing Aviation School. Albeit after graduating, Jiang proceeded to return to the navy, and rise to the rank of first lieutenant.\n\nIn 1920, he travelled to Britain and the United States to study aircraft manufacturing and flight technology, then returning to China in 1922 to serve as a flight instructor and director of education at the Beijing Aviation Training Institute. Leading the air force in the Jiangsu-Zhejiang and ZhiFeng Wars, Jiang would be promoted to deputy commander of the Third Army's Air Force, before being transferred to the Aviation Bureau in 1925.\n\nConsidering defection during the Northern Expedition, Jiang would remain with Beiyang, and in 1928 visit France and Germany to study their air fleets. Returning to serve once more as an aviation instructor, Jiang would be hired by Liu Xiang in 1930 to aid in establishing an air force and navy in Sichuan. In 1935, Jiang resigned to serve as a professor at Chongqing University, however he has been kept on retainer, for any Sichuan Warlord that may need his services.§!
Zheng Shaoyu
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 9th, 1911 in Xiandu Township, Qu County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §L\
Yue Yiqin
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 23rd, 1914 in Lushan County, Yan'an City, Sichuan Province, Republic of China§!\n§YAlignment:§! §L\
Revolutionary Soldier
Autonomous Warlord
The Zhili Connection
Familial Crony
Powerful Landlord
First Poet of the Late Qing
Buddhist Intellectual
Zola of China
Ambitious Warlord
Progressive Warlord
Old Comrade
Chief Of Staff
Powerful Landlord
Liu the Tiger
Industrialiser
King of Shunqing
King of Shunqing
Crystal Monkey
Baoding Kingmaker
The Saint
§LA unifying figure, and of calm, respected temperament, Zhang Lan has long been revered for his nigh selfless pursuit of Chinese salvation through education, and his ability to cooperate with all sides of the political spectrum.§!
Warfox of Bashu
§LHeading a grand project to revitalise the Chinese nation-state, Liu Wenhui's ferocity in governance has earned him quite a fitting moniker.§!
Old Comrade
§LA veteran of the revolutionary struggle since the 1910s, Dan Maoxin has accompanied Xiong Kewu through struggle for decades; whilst little-known in the upper echelons, he has proven himself a stable and jovial presidential figure.§!
