Francs-Tireurs
Francs-Tireurs et Partisans
Francs-Tireurs
Francs-Tireurs et Partisans
Francs-Tireurs
Francs-Tireurs et Partisans
PRdT
Parti républicain des travailleurs (Republican Workers' Party)
PRRSD
Parti républicain, radical et social-démocrate (Radical, Republican and Social-Democratic Party)
PdCR
Parti du Centre Républicain (Party of the Republican Centre)
MRP
Mouvement républicain populaire (Republican Popular Movement)
FP
Front paysan (Peasant Front)
PAPF
Parti agraire et paysan français (French Peasant and Agrarian Party)
X-Crise
X-Crise
Fringe Monarchists
Fringe Monarchists
Militärregierung
Militärregierung (Military Government)
France
French
the Fourth French Republic
Kingdom of France
French
the Kingdom of France
France
French
the German Military Administration in France
Henri Tanguy
§YBorn:§! §LJune 12th, 1908, in Morlaix, Finistère, French Republic§!
Jules Moch
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 15th, 1893, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!
Gaston Bergery
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1892, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!
René Pleven
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1901, in Rennes, Ille-et-Vilaine, French Republic§!
Georges Bidault
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1899, in Moulins, Allier, French Republic§!
Pierre Mathé
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 1st, 1882, in Giry, Nièvre, French Republic§!
Henri Dorgères
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 6th, 1897, in Wasquehal, Nord, French Republic§!
Jean Coutrot
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 27th, 1895, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!
Henri d'Orléans
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 5th, 1908, in Le Nouvion-en-Thiérache, Aisne, French Republic§!
Henri VI
§YBorn:§! §LJune 23rd, 1908, in the Palace of San Ildefonso, Segovia, Province of Segovia, Kingdom of Spain§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJaime of Borbón, second son of King Alfonso XIII, deaf and once considered likely to renounce any claim to the throne, has managed the impossible with his coronation as King of both Spain and France. As King of Spain he rules as Jaime I, whilst in France he is known by the regnal name of Henri VI, but in everyday conversation many simply refer to him as King Jacques Henri.§!
The Ashes of Syndicalism
For France today capitalism is not only a new economic model but a new way of life. The nullification of all important institutions of the Commune is causing ripples of economic shock across the whole country. Reorganisation will take time.
The Bloc of Rights
The government consists of §mParty of the Republican Centre§!, §cRepublican Popular Movement§!, and §aFrench Peasant and Agrarian Party§!, united by a desire to protect the new France from insurrectionist elements while respecting the democratic process.
The Bloc of Rights
The government consists of the §cRepublican Popular Movement§! and §aFrench Peasant and Agrarian Party§!, united by a desire to protect the new France from insurrectionist elements while respecting the democratic process.
The Republican Front
The government consists of the §SRepublican Workers' Party§!, §lRadical, Republican and Social-Democratic Party§!, and §cRepublican Popular Movement§!, united by a desire to complete the parliamentarisation of the new France and engineer a fair new model for the economy.
The New National Bloc
The government consists of the §lRadical, Republican and Social-Democratic Party§!, §mParty of the Republican Centre§! and §cRepublican Popular Movement§!, united by a desire to complete the parliamentarisation of the new France and ensure a smooth transition to a liberalised economy.
The Coalition of Expertise
The government consists of the §aPeasant Front§! and §PX-Crise Group§!, who intend to eliminate the excesses of bureaucratic democracy in favour of a powerful executive which can maintain the dominance of French nationalism.
Gabon
Gabonese
Gabon
Commune of Gabon
the Commune of Gabon
Commune of Gabon
the Commune of Gabon
Commune of Gabon
the Commune of Gabon
Jean-Baptiste Ndende Dibantsa
§YBorn:§! §L1875, in Tsogho Country, French Gabon§!
Charles N'Tchoréré
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 16th, 1896, in Libreville, French Gabon§!
Gabriel Léon M'ba
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1902, in Libreville, French Gabon§!
Gabon Focus Tree
The Declaration of Independence
Gabon has no master; it is a completely independent and sovereign state, free from any higher ruler.
Democracy Remains
Gabon shall forever remain an independent, democratic state!
The Socialist Coup
The Socialists now control the government of the state of Gabon, as it always should have been!
Contact the French Exiles
Having an alliance with the largest remaining nation in Africa would benefit us greatly.
Contact the French Commune
The Commune is the source and inspiration of many revolutions; having them as allies would help us greatly!
Cooperate with Dahomey
Dahomey is another ally of the French exiles and is close by. Cooperation between us could benefit us both.
Invite French Advisors
If we were to invite them, there are several key figures in the Commune of France who may be sympathetic enough to our cause to help more directly.
Draft Constitution
As a young, independent state, Gabon has yet to pen a foundation for its laws. Doing so would lend legitimacy to our sovereignty!
The First Elections
Our newly drafted constitution calls for a democratic election of our first new leader! Several parties have enough support that the election could swing any which way on election night!
The Syndicalist Convention
The three major syndicalist factions must come to a conclusion as to which one will become the ruling party of Gabon!
Apply the Constitution
The ratification of a constitution will give much-needed legitimacy to Gabon's sovereignty and bring many in our nation together.
§MDemocracy Survives§! ($social_conservative_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Complete the focus \
Independence Push
[ROOT.GetNameDefCap] has felt its first taste of freedom, and is not going to give up the opportunity to be independent so easily!
Cooperation with Dahomey
A friend of our friend is also OUR friend. Cooperation between us and Dahomey will help both nations.
French Advisors
The Commune of France has sent us several experienced advisors to help us in our independence struggle.
The Gabonese Constitution
The ratification of a constitution has given much-needed legitimacy to Gabon's sovereignty and has brought many factions within our nation closer together.
GFX_GAL_intro
$GAL_radical_socialist_party$
$GAL_radical_socialist_party_long$
PPSD-L
Polska Partia Socjalno-Demokratyczna - Lewica (Polish Social-Democratic Party - Left)
ChSR
Chłopskie Stronnictwo Radykalne (Peasant Radical Party)
PPSD - USDP
Polska Partia Socjalno-Demokratyczna & Ukrajinśka social-demokratyčna partija (Polish Social-Democratic Party & Ukrainian Social-Democratic Party)
PSP - UNDP
Polskie Stronnictwo Postępowe & Ukrajinśka natsionalno-demokratyčna partija (Polish Progressive Party & Ukrainian National Democratic Party)
PSD
Polskie Stronnictwo Demokratyczne (Polish Democratic Party)
PSL 'Piast' - KhSP
Polskie Stronnictwo Ludowe 'Piast' & Khrystyyansko-suspilna partija (Polish People's Party 'Piast' & Christian Social Party)
Stańczycy
Stronnictwo Prawicy Narodowej - Stańczycy (Party of the National Right - Stanczyks)
Podolacy
Stronnictwo Prawicy Narodowej - Podolacy (Party of the National Right - Podolachians)
SND
Stronnictwo Narodowo-Demokratyczne (National-Democratic Party)
Galicia
Galician
Galicia
Union of Galicia and Lodomeria
the Union of Galicia and Lodomeria
Union of Galicia and Lodomeria
the Union of Galicia and Lodomeria
Union of Galicia and Lodomeria
the Union of Galicia and Lodomeria
Galicia and Lodomeria
Galicia and Lodomeria
Galicia and Lodomeria
Galicia and Lodomeria
Galicia and Lodomeria
Galicia and Lodomeria
Galicia and Lodomeria
Galicia and Lodomeria
Galicia and Lodomeria
Galicia and Lodomeria
Galicia and Lodomeria
Galicia and Lodomeria
Galicia and Lodomeria
Galicia and Lodomeria
Gabriel Narutowicz
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 29th, 1865, in Telsze, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGabriel Narutowicz was born in a Samogitian village in Lithuania. His father was a progressive landowner who had abolished serfdom on his lands, and his mother had been a scholar of the Enlightenment. This upbringing gave Gabriel and his brother Stanisław a strong national-progressive philosophy. While his brother stayed in Lithuania, Gabriel had to flee from Tsarist authorities, and he graduated as an engineer in Switzerland. As an experienced construction engineer, he was invited to Galicia-Lodomeria in 1920 to organise post-war reconstruction and oversee infrastructural reforms. He served as Foreign Minister from 1924, Minister of Public Works in 1928, and finally Premier of his own government in 1934. After the reunification of Poland, Narutowicz became a bridge between the People's movements on both sides of the border, and is especially popular among the minorities as relatively moderate liberal politician.§!
Stanisław Szeptycki
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 3rd, 1867, in Przyłbice, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Franciszek Kleeberg
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 1st, 1888, in Tarnopol, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Tadeusz Kutrzeba
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1885, in Kraków, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Władysław Sikorski
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 7th, 1881, in Tuszów Narodowy, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 7th, 1881, in Tuszów Narodowy, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWładysław Sikorski was the third son of a schoolteacher, and aimed for a career in engineering early on. After his graduation he volunteered for service in the Austro-Hungarian army and left it as a reserve second lieutenant. During this time he became involved in multiple organisations such as the socialist paramilitaries fighting for Poland's independence. He also met Piłsudski, Slawek, Sosnkowski and the other activists, and became the president of the Lwów chapter of the Riflemen's Association.\n\nWhen the Weltkrieg broke out, Sikorski was mobilised, and fought in the Polish units within the Austro-Hungarian military. Eventually he joined Piłsudski's Polish Legions and acted as a recruiter in Kraków. During this time he drifted away from Piłsudski, who spoke for a common cause with the Central Powers against Russia, while Sikorski believed that both Austrians and Germans had betrayed the Polish people too. Ironically Sikorski's doubts were confirmed when the Oath Crisis led to the disbanding of the Polish Legions. Sikorski himself returned to the Austro-Hungarian army, but soon joined Piłsudski in internment, after announcing lukewarm solidarity to his countryman.\n\nRefusing to serve under another German King, Władysław Sikorski decided to stay in Galicia after the war. He re-joined the army and became a prominent military theorist, calling for modernisation and motorisation of Galician forces. Sikorski has also been active in politics, campaigning for democracy and unification of the \
Dmytro Vitovskyi
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1887, in Medukha, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Hnat Stefaniv
§YBorn:§! §LMay 2nd, 1895, in Toporivtsi, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Stanisław Jasiński
§YBorn:§! §LApril 5th, 1891, in Oskrzesince, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Jan Rozwadowski
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 23rd, 1889, in Staryi Maidan, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Stanisław Maczek
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 31st, 1892, in Szczerc, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Franciszek Zamoyski
§YBorn:§! §L1876, in Moteszyce, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Alfred Antoni Potocki
§YBorn:§! §LJune 14th, 1886, in Łańcut, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Edward Raczyński
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 19th, 1891, in Zakopane, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Fryderyk Zoll
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 1st, 1865, in Kraków, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austrian Empire§!
Adam Krzyżanowski
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 19th, 1873, in Kraków, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Ludwik Spiechowicz-Boruta
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 20th, 1894, in Rzeszów, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Stanisław Miller
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 6th, 1881, in Chrzanów, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Władysław Kalkus
§YBorn:§! §LJune 8th, 1882, in Lwów, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Juliusz Kleeberg
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 30th, 1890, in Trembowla, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Stanisław Ujejski
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 14th, 1891, in Ropczyce, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Wincenty Witos
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1874, in Wierzchosławice, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
$GAL_wincenty_witos_sic_desc$\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in an impoverished and illiterate peasant family in Galicia, Wincenty Witos has dedicated his life to the peasant struggle. At the age of 19, he published his first political article in the Lwów-based newspaper \
Ignacy Mościcki
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 1st, 1867, in Mierzanowo, Płock Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!
Adam Romer
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 5th, 1892, in Nowy Jiczyn, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Adam Sapieha
§YBorn:§! §LMay 14th, 1867, in Krasiczyn, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Kost Levytskyi
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 18th, 1859, in Tysmenytsia, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Yevhen Petrushevych
§YBorn:§! §LJune 3rd, 1863, in Busk, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Eugeniusz Kwiatkowski
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 30th, 1888, in Kraków, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Franciszek Pokorny
§YBorn:§! §LJune 15th, 1891, in Mosty, Duchy of Silesia, Austria-Hungary§!
Stanisław Ulam
§YBorn:§! §LApril 13th, 1909, in Lwów, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Polish Officer
§LThis leader is a Polish Galician officer. In the case of a dissolution or split of Galicia-Lodomeria, they will side with Polish regimes.§!
Ukrainian Officer
§LThis leader is a Ukrainian Galician officer. In the case of a dissolution or split of Galicia-Lodomeria, they will side with Ukrainian regimes.§!
[ROOT.GetName] Focus Tree
Maximist Remnants
Maximist Remnants
SPGB
Syndicalist Party of Great Britain
ILP
Independent Labour Party
SDF - GB
Social Democratic Federation of Great Britain
Liberal Party
Liberal Party - Samuelites
Liberal Party
Liberal Party - Constitutionalists
IDP
Independent Democratic party
Anti-Partisan League
Anti-Partisan League
BPP
British Peoples' Party
NRL
National Republican League
SPE
Syndicalist Party of England
Council of St. George
Council of St. George
Syndicalist Labour Party
Syndicalist Labour Party
Syndicalist Labour Party
Syndicalist Labour Party
Progressive Party
Progressive Party
Progressive Party
Progressive Party
Carlisle Club
Carlisle Club
Northern Democratic Union (Centre)
Northern Democratic Union (Centre)
Northern Democratic Union (Right)
Northern Democratic Union (Right)
Northern Democratic Union (Collaborationists)
Northern Democratic Union (Collaborationists)
Council of State
Council of State
Order of the Red Rose
Order of the Red Rose
A §RBritish§! collaborationist government will be established.
§gCharles III§! will take the restored English throne.
§CThe Council of State will review the State of Emergency and decide on whether to reestablish some form of limited democracy.§!
Pariah State
A battered rump clawed off of England in the occupation, we lack domestic legitimacy and the means of garnering it. Building up a proper state will be necessary if we are to create a stable administration in the region.
Dead Economy
Ravaged by war and occupation, while cut off from the rest of England, the Northumbrian economy is in ruins.
Economic Reconstruction
Paper Army
The Northumbrian Home Army is scraped from poorly trained militias and old home guard units. We must build a proper army
Bitter Resistance
Saboteurs, syndicalist diehards and opportunistic criminals wreak havoc on the land, impeding our ability to function.
Inflamed Resistance
The assassination of two police officers in Carlisle has triggered a wave of newfound insurgency in the countryside and lawlessness on the borders. Harsh measures will be necessary to restore some semblance of order.
Suppressed Resistance
Authoritarian measures to clamp down on mass unrest has proven fruitful in alleviating some of the damage.
Northumbrian Home Army
While our overlords will not allow us to field a proper army, the creation of an auxiliary force for defensive purposes has been permitted. Remnants of the old Home Guard have been remodelled into a respectable military force.
Forced Militay Service
Owing to a lack of enthusiasm for service, the government has been forced to take more unconventional measures to reach troop quotas. Young men are drafted for mandatory enlistment and refugees in search of safe haven are enticed to serve in exchange for better conditions.
Home Rule
State Building
True English Government
Re-establish Local Government
Restore Municipal Services
Recruit Civil Servants
Restore Civilian Policing
Nationalise Heavy Industries
Public Work Programmes
The 'New' England
Licensed Manufacturing
A Temporary Arrangement
Review the State of Emergency
Crackdown on Sabotage
Ban the Progressive Party
Suppress Coastal Smuggling
Intensify Border Raiders
Form a Ministry of Defence
Establish a Coast Guard
Reopen RAF Blakelaw
Rearm the Home Guard
Border Fortifications
War Games
Establish Refugee Camps
Forced Recruitment
Great Britain
British
Great Britain
Kingdom of Great Britain
the Kingdom of Great Britain
Kingdom of Great Britain
the Kingdom of Great Britain
Kingdom of Great Britain
the Kingdom of Great Britain
Kingdom of Great Britain
the Kingdom of Great Britain
Kingdom of Great Britain
the Kingdom of Great Britain
Kingdom of Great Britain
the Kingdom of Great Britain
Kingdom of Great Britain
the Kingdom of Great Britain
England
English
England
Northumbria
Northumbrian
Northumbria
North England
North English
North England
James Bowman
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 8th, 1898, in Great Corby, Cumberland, England§!
Arthur Munro Sutherland
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 2nd, 1867, in Newcastle upon Tyne, Northumberland, England§!
Joseph Frederick Laycock
§YBorn:§! §LJune 12th, 1867, in Newcastle upon Tyne, Northumberland, England§!
Ernest Bulmer
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 27th, 1900, in Newcastle upon Tyne, Northumberland, England§!
