Croatia
Croatian
Croatia
Croatian Socialist Republic
the Socialist Republic of Croatia
Croatian Socialist Republic
the Socialist Republic of Croatia
Croatian Socialist Republic
the Socialist Republic of Croatia
Illyria
Illyrian
Illyria
Socialist Republic of Illyria
the Socialist Republic of Illyria
Socialist Republic of Illyria
the Socialist Republic of Illyria
Socialist Republic of Illyria
the Socialist Republic of Illyria
Illyria
Illyrian
Illyria
Socialist Republic of Illyria
the Socialist Republic of Illyria
Socialist Republic of Illyria
the Socialist Republic of Illyria
Socialist Republic of Illyria
the Socialist Republic of Illyria
SRP(p)
Socijalistička radnička partija (prèdvodnīci)
SRP(r)
Socijalistička radnička partija (revolucionarni)
SRP(c)
Socijalistička radnička partija (centrumaši)
SDSH
Socijaldemokratska stranka Hrvatske
HPSS
Hrvatska pučka seljačka stranka
HSK
Hrvatsko-srpska koalicija
HKSSP
Hrvatska kršćansko-socijalna stranka prava
NS
Narodna stranka
HSP
Hrvatska stranka prava
HRP
Hrvatski revolucionarni pokret
Croatian Officers
The Croatian people fought to make an Illyria free of Austria a reality, while the rest of the so called Illyrians hid in their cities and did nothing. It is for this reason that we must restrict all officer positions to Croatians at the cost of alienating the rest of our countrymen.
GFX_CRO_intro
Kingdom of Illyria
The Triune Kingdom of Illyria, which consists of the former Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Kingdom of Dalmatia and Condominium of Bosnia was proclaimed after the Crisis in Austria-Hungary and German Intervention in 1926. The creation of Illyria was proposed by the loyal to Vienna Croatian aristocrats and officers of the Austro-Hungarian Army, who promised to be loyal to the Kaiser Karl and Austria, but claimed more autonomy and the end of the Hungarian rule on the lands of the South Slavs. Though the Triune Kingdom should have become a home for the Catholic Croats, Orthodox Serbs and Muslim Bosniaks, in fact there are a lot of controversies between these nations. The Serbs want to reunite with their Serbian Motherland, the Bosniaks want to get more independence, and the Croats, who have a relative majority in the country, want to strengthen their position in the country and reorganise it into the Great Croatia. But now the Austrians help us to secure the order of our Balkan Kingdom.
Stjepan Radić
§YBorn:§! §LJune 11th, 1871, in Desno Trebarjevo, Zagreb County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Srđan Budisavljević
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 8th, 1883, in Požega, Požega County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Ivo Pilar
§YBorn:§! §LJune 19th, 1874, in Zagreb, Zagreb County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Vitomir Korać
§YBorn:§! §LApril 14th, 1877, in Šid, Syrmia County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Vladimir Ćopić
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 8th, 1891, in Senj, Lika-Krbava County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Slavko Kvaternik
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 25th, 1878, in Moravice, Modruš-Rijeka County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LKvaternik graduated from Vienna's Kriegsschule before the Weltkrieg, and from October 1914 to February 1916, he was adjutant to none-other than Svetozar Borojević, one of the most respected and competent commanders of the war. He would spend most of the war as a staff officer on the Italian front and, in 1918, he was promoted to lieutenant colonel and became chief of staff of the 55th Infantry Division, part of the Army of the Isonzo. After the Austro-Hungarian Army's success against the Italians in 1919, Kvaternik was promoted once more and would end the war as a colonel. After the war, he remained in the army, retaining a high position among the staff of the semi-independent Croatian-Slavonian Home Guard behind illustrious Croatian war heroes such as Borojević and Stjepan Sarkotić. He quickly secured an important position as the Croatian-Slavonian Home Guard was reformed as the Illyrian Home Guard, making him a logical choice to succeed the ageing heroes, as Borojević passed away in 1923, and Sarkotić rose up to esteemed positions in the Austro-Hungarian Army before his retirement and term as Ban (governor) of Illyria. With the war heroes having passed their torch over to the younger generation, Kvaternik has found himself to be one of the most important Croatian commanders in the Austro-Hungarian Army, though he is largely untested as a field commander and his disdain for ethnic Serbs has caused significant friction in the Home Guard.§!
Mihajlo Lukić
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1886, in Virje, Bjelovar-Križevci County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHailing from a family of Serbian origin, Lukić attended a cadet school in Karlovac before studying in Vienna's Kriegsschule. He completed his staff officer courses shortly before the Weltkrieg began and would serve for the entirety of the war. After the war, he quickly rose up the ranks within the Austro-Hungarian general staff and was made colonel in 1931, then general in 1935. With his wartime experience and later work with Austrian alpine troops, he is one of the likely candidates to lead mountain units should larger ones be organised in the future.§!
Fedor Dragojlov
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 21st, 1881, in Pančevo, Torontál County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of a captain, Dragojlov comes from an Eastern Orthodox military family, graduating from the Military Technical Academy and the Kriegsschule in Vienna before the outbreak of war. He served in the Austro-Hungarian General Staff throughout the war, ending the war with the rank of colonel. Along with Kvaternik, Dragojlov was seen, after the war, as one of the potential successors to the Croat war heroes as they retired or passed away. For most of the interwar, he was assigned to the War Ministry in Vienna as part of the Operations Department. As he was made general in 1930, he began overhauling the training of Illyrian Home Guard units, especially with regards to mountain warfare.§!
Eduard Bunić de Bona
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 14th, 1894, in Ogulin, Modruš-Rijeka County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LScion of the oldest of Dubrovnik's noble families and one of the oldest in Europe, Bunić chose a military career early in his life. He had barely been commissioned as a junior officer when the Weltkrieg broke out, and he would serve through the entire war in various cavalry regiments. By the end of the war, he was a captain, and he stayed in the Home Guard afterwards. In 1924, he attended the Kriegsschule in Vienna to train as a staff officer before being assigned to the Ministry of Defence in Zagreb, slowly rising to the rank of colonel by 1936. While he has no frontline experience at a level higher than company-level, he is one of the few Croat officers with experience with cavalry, even if that arm of the Home Guard has seen limited love since the war.§!
Matija Čanić
§YBorn:§! §L1901, in Gospić, Lika-Krbava County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLittle is known about Čanić's early life. What is known is that he served in the Croatian-Slavonian Home Guard during the latter part of the Weltkrieg. By the end of it, he was captain of a cavalry squadron of the 10th Home Guard Hussar Regiment. After the war, he remained in the Home Guard as it was reorganised into the military force of the reorganised Kingdom of Illyria. He was eventually set to Vienna to take staff officer courses at the Kriegsschule, graduating in 1926. He then served in the Illyrian Ministry of Defence, where he rose to the rank of colonel. It is no secret that he is a very young commander with limited experience, and what little he has was commanding nothing larger than a squadron.§!
Vladimir Laxa
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1870, in Sisak, Zagreb County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCommissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Army in 1890, Laxa was already a senior officer when the Weltkrieg broke out. In 1917, as colonel of the general staff and commander of the 18th Infantry Brigade, he distinguished himself during the Eleventh Battle of the Isonzo: For \
Đuro Jakčin
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 22nd, 1889, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Edgar Angeli
§YBorn:§! §LMay 11th, 1892, in Karlovac, Zagreb County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Nikola Steinfel
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 27th, 1889, in Zlarin, Kingdom of Dalmatia, Austria-Hungary§!
Aleksandar Ehrmann
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1879, in Podbuż, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Oton Vinski
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 20th, 1877, in Osijek, Virovitica County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Ivan Rikard Ivanović
§YBorn:§! §L1880, in Osijek, Virovitica County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Aloysius Stepinac
§YBorn:§! §LMay 8th, 1898, in Brezarić, Zagreb County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Andrija Artuković
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 19th, 1899, in Ljubuški, Mostar District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Vladimir Košak
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 25th, 1908, in Velika Gorica, Zagreb County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Ivan Šubašić
§YBorn:§! §LMay 7th, 1892, in Vukova Gorica, Zagreb County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Stjepan Ivšić
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 13th, 1884, in Orahovica, Virovitica County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Đuro Basariček
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 13th, 1884, in Zagreb, Zagreb County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Miroslav Navratil
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1893, in Sarajevo, Sarajevo District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Vilko Begić
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1874, in Čazma, Bjelovar County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Slavko Štancer
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 26th, 1872, in Karlovac, Zagreb County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Vladimir Kren
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 8th, 1903, in Vaška, Virovitica County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Ivan Prpić
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 12th, 1887, in Vlasenica, Sarajevo District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Đuro Dragičević
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 7th, 1890, in Kalesija, Tuzla District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Milan Miesler
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 12th, 1868, in Sot, Syrmia County, Kingdom of Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Domobranske Akademija
§YFounded:§! §LDecember 5th, 1868, in Zagreb, Zagreb County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Mornarička Akademija
§YFounded:§! §LOctober 3rd, 1857, in Rijeka, Rijeka County, Kingdom of Croatia§!
