Indochina Focus Tree
NACC
Cong Ty 36
Z113
Cong Ty Xe
TLD
Chim Lac
NADF
Dong Viet
Bason
Song Thu
Dong Bac
Viet Minh
The 'Viet Minh', or 'League for the Independence of Vietnam', is a broad coalition government of groups which seek the immediate independence of Vietnam. The various factions within the Viet Minh all advocate for popular unity, but each has its own agenda, greatly inhibiting the organisation's ability to make important decisions. Besides which some Khmer and Laotian members have voiced their doubts about the name of the organisation...
Guerrilla Tradition
It is wrong to assume that Indochinese are all born guerrillas, but the country is eminently suitable for such warfare, and the people have a long tradition of waging guerrilla warfare from ancient legends to the recent resistance against colonists.
Poorly Organised Army
Despite their enthusiasm to defend the motherland, our newly organised revolutionary army is poorly trained, poorly equipped and poorly organised. It will take efforts to transform enthusiasm into fighting spirit.
Apathetic People
Despite the recent upsurge of rural revolution in Indochina, the majority of the population remain mostly apathetic to the demand of the revolutionary state. At the end of the day, it will take a lot of hard work to get people to not be apathetic and to think of something larger than themselves.
International Support
The revolution in Indochina received a large sum of secret support from the Internationale. The influx of Indochinese Weltkrieg veterans and exiled revolutionaries from France is the motor of revolution and the pillar of revolutionary army.
Education Reform
German colonialists brought with them only sausages. Millions of our compatriots are still illiterate. To reduce illiteracy immediately, we must replace the complex Chinese characters and promote a standardised writing system based upon the Latin script, which is far easier to understand. This will sever our connection to tradition, but we have no choice.
Education Reform
$INC_Edu_Reform_idea_1_desc$ Thanks to the literacy campaign, many farmers now can read our propaganda and have acquired basic knowledge of modern science, especially agriculture and hygiene.
Unionisation
Unions are the backbone of the syndicalist economic system, but due to a lack of development and colonial repression, unionisation was once scarce. The Indochinese government's initial efforts to promote the creation of trade unions has proven successful - the majority workers in most of Indochina's major cities are now affiliated with a union.
Further Unionisation
Unions are the backbone of the syndicalist economic system, but due to a lack of development and colonial repression, unionisation was once scarce. However, With trade unions now ubiquitous in Indochina and the nation industrialising rapidly, the Indochinese military has become increasingly intertwined with domestic syndicates, and armaments production has increase.
Syndicalism Without Indochinese Characteristics
Once a colonial backwater, against all odds, Syndicalism has taken root in Indochina. All areas of Indochina's economy are now dominated by trade-union backed workers' syndicates.
Left-Wing Unity
Indochina's socialist parties have put aside their differences and reached a power sharing agreement. With the Indochinese left now unified and in-fighting significantly reduced, the Indochinese government is much more robust.
A Vanguard Party
A vanguard party is leading the country through political education and ideological indoctrination.
A Vanguard Party
The vanguard party assigned itself with the task of the political education of the masses while people exerting power through council system.
A Vanguard Party
A vanguard party is leading the country through its omnipresent party organisations.
A Vanguard Party
$INC_Partys_Soviet_idea_1_desc$ The political dominance of the party is defended by powerful secret police.
Democratic Centralism
Indochinese Militarism
Promotion of the value of military service and martial discipline has become integral to Indochinese domestic policy. Military enlistment and jingoistic rhetoric alike have greatly increased.
Greater Harmony
Encourage Entrepreneurship
Dai Viet Spirit
Revolutionary Spontaneity
The principle of 'Spontaneity' - that any government measure must not contravene the agency of collectives, has been enshrined in Indochinese law.
Indochinese High Modernism
Indochinese Pluralism
International Division of Labour
Forceful Industrialisation
Youth Shock Brigade
Many young Indochinese, including, and especially, women, serve in special non-combat units which perform a variety of logistics related tasks, including the transportation of wounded soldiers. This has greatly decreased preventable death within Indochina's armed forces and wounded soldiers are more quickly able to return to active duty.
Women Soldiers
Many young Indochinese, including, and especially, women, serve in 
Tunnel Network
Indochina has constructed an elaborate network of tunnels throughout much of the nation's areas of strategic importance. The tunnels serve a variety of military purposes and are extremely difficult for hostile forces to detect.
Ho Chi Minh Trail
The Ho Chi Minh trail is an elaborate network of supply routes cutting through Indochina's forested highlands. Even the most remote area of Indochina is now easily accessible for its armed forces.
Tiger and Elephant
Indochinese army units are drilled heavily in agility even in the harshest of terrain. For if a tiger stands his ground against an elephant, only death awaits him, but with mobility, he may slay his larger foe.
People's Air Defence
Indochina has created a robust network of air defence emplacements and prioritised the construction of new anti-air ordnance. The skies of Indochina are becoming increasingly secure.
Guerrilla in the Air
Panzer Panic
Harrowing encounters with German Panzers by Indochinese guerrillas have demoralised many Indochinese soldiers and even occasionally cause rebel forces to route.
The Night Belongs to Us
Franco-Indochinese Special Relationship
Land Reform
Collectivisaton
Socialist Reforms
Military Chaos
Economic Chaos
Tan Viet
New Viet Revolutionary Party (Tan Viet Cach mang Dang)
Aspiration Society
Aspiration Society (Hoi Kin Cao vong)
Indochinese Revolutionary League
Indochinese Revolutionary League (Hoi Dong Duong Cach mang)
VNQDD
Vietnamese Nationalist Party (Viet Nam Quoc dan Dang)
People's Rule Party
People's Rule Party of Dai Viet (Dai Viet Dan chinh Dang)
Indochinese Constitutionalist Party
Indochinese Constitutionalist Party (Dang Lap hien Dong Duong)
Progressive Party
Progressive Party (Dang Tien Bo)
National Union Bloc
National Union Bloc (Khoi Quoc Gia Lian Hiep)
Royalist Party
Royalist Party (Dang Bao Hoang)
Tonkin Political Committee
Tonkin Political Committee (Uy ban Chinh tri Băc Ky)
IBP
Indochinese Bolshevik Party
DDQDD
Indochinese Nationalist Party (Dong Duong Cach mang Dang)
DVQDD
Dai Viet Nationalist Party (Dai Viet Cach mang Dang)
Montagnards
Montagnards
Maraisards
Maraisards
§RThis will bring an end to the parliamentary system.§!\n
The National Assembly has convened and generated a majority.
§RBreak down the gender division in Indochinese society.§!\n
§GGuerrillas will rise up in Laos and Cambodia when we are at war with Siam.§!\n
§RRemove 200 support equipments from stockpile.§!\n
§YPham Van Dong§! is executed\nMinister §YHoang Van Hoan§! is executed\nMinister §YXuan Thuy§! is executed\nMinister §YTo Huu§! is executed\nMinister §YTran Quoc Hoan§! is executed\nGeneral §Y!Nguyen Chi Thanh§! is executed\n
Replace §H$INC_Trade_Unionism_idea_2$§! with §H$INC_Trade_Unionism_idea_3$§!\nEffective change:\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_GAIN$: [?0.2|+=2]
Sapper Tactics
Closer Ties
Supported Our Revolutionary Struggle
§MTan Viet§! ($totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Complete §YThe National Assembly§! focus.\n£white_dot Have over 30% party popularity for the §oTan Viet§! before the focus finishes.\n\n§MRevolutionary League§! ($syndicalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Complete §YThe National Assembly§! focus.\n£white_dot Have over 30% party popularity for the §rRevolutionary League§! before the focus finishes.\n\n§MAspiration Society§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Complete §YThe National Assembly§! focus.\n£white_dot The §RAspiration Society§! will always be available to be elected.\n\n§MVNQDD§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the event \
New Indochina!
Our general uprising has achieved a great victory. On the corpse of German colonial regime proudly stands our independent nation, ruled by the Vietnamese National Independence Coalition, or Viet Minh, which was established earlier this year and which coordinated the uprisings.\n\nNguyen An Ninh has been elected as the chairman of the Viet Minh. The loss of thousands of lives has already proven that the German colonial regime will not yield until the bitter end. The Viet Minh is determined to lead this national resistance war against the German bandits, and that calls for the will of all Indochinese people - Vietnamese, Laotian, Cambodian, Muong, Tay... To sacrifice themselves in service to our just cause.\n\n(Since you have a coalition government, the popularity of your government won't be affected by the popularity of your ruling party)
We will be victorious!
An Indochinese Declaration of Independence
As our national salvation war against German bandits begins, we are going to form an independent sovereign state. While few Cambodians and Laotian have joined us, the revolutionaries agreed that the newly established state should represent the whole Indochina and devoted to the liberation of Indochinese people.\n\nThe revolutionaries decided to draft an Indochinese Declaration of Independence. The radical revolutionaries urge an expression of our solidarity with the Internationale. Meanwhile, VNQDD and other nationalists wanted to declare Pan-Asianist ambition. While strongly devoted to internationalism, syndicalist leader Ta Thu Thau believes in the need for a tactical compromise——A moderate declaration will win the support home and abroad.
An Internationalist Declaration!
A Pan-Asianist Declaration!
A Moderate Declaration!
Politics in the Viet Minh
Among all the revolutionaries and patriots in the Viet Minh, four factions stand out:\n\nAfter the crackdown in 1926, Ho Chi Minh's Revolutionary Youth League suffered from internal split. The Indochinese Revolutionary League is its direct successor. Adhering to orthodox anarcho-syndicalism, the current leader Ta Thu Thau, recently returned from France, succeeded in organising trade unions in Saigon and some other cities.\n\nInfluenced by the French Jacobins, some hard-liners broke away from the League in the 1931 Paris Conference and formed New Viet Revolutionary Party, or Tan Viet. The Tan Viet believes in the virtue of iron discipline and secret movement. As a result, they proved to be effective in infiltrating the colonial police force and garrison.\n\nThe VNQDD, or the Vietnamese Nationalist Party, is modelled after the Chinese Nationalist Party or KMT. This party is popular among the petit bourgeoisie and wealthy farmers, especially in northern Vietnam. The failed Yen-Bai mutiny cut down many of the party's members, but also won them heroic reputation.\n\nIn 1928, Nguyen An Ninh, a prominent anarchist revolutionary in Indochina, founded the Aspiration Youth. Convinced that syndicalism cannot win the revolution, he modelled his movement on traditional secret societies to agitate the revolutionary spontaneity of peasants. While its anarchist ideals attracted many intellectuals, their connections to the rural area played a key role in the revolution and ensured their dominance in the Viet Minh.\n\nWhile the initial euphoria of revolution unites all factions, only time can tell whether this unity will endure the forthcoming challenges.
Together for Victory!
Anti-Infiltration Campaign
The German scum want to sabotage our glorious revolution. Spies and traitors are everywhere. While the VNQDD wants to infiltrate the enemy and launch an intelligence counter-offensive, the Tan Viet party argues that expanding our secret police is the only way to eliminate internal enemies. The Anarchists and Syndicalists urge us to create a red terror by authorising our local militia to arrest and execute suspicious people and set up a revolutionary tribunal. Whatever we choose, we must crush the enemy!
We must strengthen our intelligence.
Expand the secret police.
Red Terror is our response.
Land Policy
If the Indochinese revolution is to prevail, it must win the hearts and minds of peasants. Nationalists argue for rent reduction for tenants but maintaining our relationship with patriotic landlords. However, radicals want a complete land reform to mobilise the peasants and eliminate the Ancien Régime in every village. The fierce debate on the land policy is splitting the coalition. Ta Thu Thau and Pham Van Dong suggested a compromise by confiscating the land of 'traitors' for now and conduct land reform in the future.
We will slightly reduce rent.
Promise land redistribution in the future.
Radical land reform now!
German Blockade
German imperialists have completely cut off our line of communication with our international friends. Now we are in dire lacking of equipment. Many of our soldiers are equipped with hatchets and spears. The Tan Viet party inherits the transnational underground revolutionary network developed by the old league in the 1920s. They suggest focusing on smuggling weapons in the gold triangle to support our troops. This trade, however, requires absolute secrecy and some amoralism...
We have no other choice.
Keep the pace.
National Assembly
Despite some controversy about whether counter-revolutionary suspects should be given election right, the provisional government decided that all people 18 years old or older were eligible to vote to generate the National Assembly, which is expected to be the highest organ of the state exerting both legislative and executive power. Now, the first national election in the Indochinese history, against all odds, has been conducted in such an emergent situation. A new majority emerged in the newly convened National Assembly and appointed a chairman of Assembly, also the head of state...
Nguyen An Ninh's charisma conquers everyone!
Ta Thu Thau secures the support of workers!
The Tan Viet Party's superior organisation prevails.
The VNQDD's nationalist rhetoric wins over the masses!
The Fate of Nguyen Thi Nam
Nguyen Thi Nam is a very successful merchant in northern Vietnam, known as 
Damn she is our hero! Suppress those bandits.
Confiscate her property, and leave her be.
Revolution is the synonym for Justice!
Nationalist Conspiracy
Deeply resenting our just social revolution, some insidious VNQDD traitors conspired to launch a coup against us. These self-claimed nationalists organised some anti-syndicalist bandits called National Salvation Corps to march on Saigon and occupy some government buildings. Our Vietminh leaders had to evacuate. However, the heroic worker militias in Saigon refused to surrender. They recapture the buildings and repelled those fools! We have launched a purge against those traitors.
Deeply resenting our just social revolution, some insidious VNQDD traitors conspired to launch a coup against us. These self-claimed nationalists tried to organise some bandits called National Salvation Corps to march on Saigon and overthrow our government, but the conspiracy was detected by our secret police. Secret police pre-empted the conspirators and arrested most of them. We have launched a purge against those traitors.
I know nationalists are not true revolutionaries!
Secret polices are very helpful!
Coup in Saigon
Some rebels declared a so-called 'anti-syndicalist national salvation revolution' in Saigon. They attacked factories and fighting began between rebels and local militias. Tan Viet party claimed that nationalists have betrayed the revolution and urged an immediate purge of nationalists, but VNQDD members claimed their innocence. The intelligence director delivered a secret report showing that the rebels are actually disguised by Tan Viet infiltrators. Now, Comrade Pham Van Dong is asking: 'Comrade, there are two chairs here, one for nationalists and one for internationalists. On which do you wish to sit?'
Some rebels declared a so-called 'anti-syndicalist national salvation revolution' in Saigon. They attacked factories and fighting began between rebels and local militias. Tan Viet party claimed that nationalists have betrayed the revolution and urged an immediate purge of nationalists, but VNQDD members claimed their innocence. The intelligence director delivered a secret report showing that the counter-revolutionary rebellion is organised by VNQDD members. Now, Comrade Pham Van Dong is asking: 'Comrade, there are two chairs here, one for nationalists and one for internationalists. On which do you wish to sit?'
Internationalist.
Sorry, I choose Nationalist.
I would like to sit on both.
The Indochinese Revolt Succeeds
The peoples of Indochina have finally thrown off the yoke of colonial exploitation! This is a great day for all the socialist nations of the world and a major defeat for the German Imperialists! Our military observers in Indochina have studied the guerrilla tactics adopted by the revolutionaries, but their usefulness remain to be seen.
Congratulations!
The Indochinese Revolt Succeeds
The peoples of Indochina have finally thrown off the yoke of colonial exploitation! This is a great day for all the socialist nations of the world and a major defeat for the German Imperialists! Our military observers in Indochina have studied the guerrilla tactics adopted by the revolutionaries, but their usefulness remain to be seen.
Congratulations!
European Settlers
About 20,000 European settlers living in Saigon is a troublesome issue to us. They served in colonial administration and monopolised almost all modern economy sectors in Indochina. While some revolutionaries decided to side with our just cause, most are die-hard reactionaries. How should we deal with them?
Force them to work for us!
Trade Unions takeover and decide!
Nationalise their assets and put them into jail!
Religious Issue
Cochinchina is home to millions of Buddhists, Christians and Caodaists. For many years religion played a dominant role in people's life. With the establishment of our revolutionary government, these religious believers are on the brink of panic. We need to enlighten our people, but drastic methods might cause serious backlash, and damage our war effort.
Declare State Secularism.
They are also patriots, we need to unite.
Integrate and transform them into a civic religion.
Secretly purge religious leaders.
The Exodus
Panicked by the revolution and the war, many Cao Dai believers and Catholics were deceived by their religious authority and decided to flee from our motherland. Hundreds of thousands of people try to escape from our control zone!
Traitors!
The End of War
The bloody war has come to an end, but its legacy is still haunting us. Unfortunately, many of our compatriots also served the enemy. The war witnessed children rebelling against their parents, wife prosecuting her husband, brothers killing each other. The Indochinese society is even more divided after reunited. How should we deal with this?
Start a national reconciliation campaign.
Re-education camp is the place for traitors!
Purge the VNQDD
The various leading figures of the VNQDD involved in opposing our government have been arrested and are being tried for treason. Now they are facing their fate in military courts.
Your contributions to the motherland will be remembered.
These traitors deserved worse!
Purge the Tan Viet Party
The various leading figures of the Tan Viet Party involved in opposing our government have been arrested and are being tried for treason. Now they are facing their fate in military courts.
$indochina_events.16.a$
$indochina_events.16.b$
Purge the Socialists
The various socialist leaders involved in opposing our government have been arrested and are being tried for treason. Now they are facing their fate in military courts.
$indochina_events.16.b$
Purge the Indochinese Revolutionary League
The various leading figures of the Indochinese Revolutionary League involved in opposing our government have been arrested and are being tried for treason. Now they are facing their fate in military courts.
$indochina_events.16.a$
$indochina_events.16.b$
Gerrymandering in Saigon
Saigon, the heart and brain of Indochina, has become the battlefield of National Assembly election. All factions tried to use their power in Saigon municipal committee to manipulate the mechanics of election in favour of him, as a result the constituencies have been gerrymandered. These ugly moves are now out of control and disgust many people. Trade unions in Saigon argued that this is the inherent fault of representative parliamentary system, and they ask to divide the constituency in Saigon based on working places rather than geographical zones.
Try to hold an unbiased election.
Some faction managed to manipulate the result...
Election based on working places sounds good.
A New Government
Nguyen An Ninh and the anarchists won a majority of seats in the National Assembly. Following the victory, Nguyen An Ninh declared that while the Assembly does offer a forum for popular expression, only through decentralisation and democratisation of localities, will the people be truly represented. This will, however, require a reorientation of the minds of the Indochinese people. Now it's time to decide the composition of new government.
Keep the resistance cabinet led by Pham Van Dong, an ideal premier.
A unity cabinet led by Chu Van Tan, a war hero.
A radical cabinet led by Tran Van Giau, a fervent revolutionary.
A New Government
The Syndicalists won the majority of seats in the National Assembly. The new Assembly Chairman, Ta Thu Thau, declared that their ultimate goal is to abolish the National Assembly and establish a syndicalist political system. However, he admitted that transition to syndicalism in Indochina will be a long process and require much effort. Now it's time to decide the composition of new government.
Keep the resistance cabinet led by Pham Van Dong, an ideal premier.
A unity cabinet led by Ton Duc Thang, a widely-respected union leader.
A syndicalist cabinet led by Nguyen Van Cu, a syndicalist theorist.
A New Government
The Vanguardist Tan Viet party, among the few remaining Vanguard socialist parties in the world, won a majority in the National Assembly. Pham Van Dong, the new Chairman, declared that the party will lead Indochina into a bright future. He also asserted that the Tan Viet Party is amicable to continued fraternal cooperation between all Indochinese socialists. Now it's time to decide the composition of new government.
A unity cabinet led by Ton Duc Thang, a widely-respected union leader.
A radical cabinet led by Pham Hung, a Vanguardist ideologue.
Comrade Dong is good at multitasking.
A New Government
The Nationalist VNQDD, the only major party in Indochina which advocates parliamentarianism and industrialisation, has emerged as the dominant faction in the Indochinese National Assembly. Nguyen Thai Hoc, leader of the VNQDD, and newly elected Chairman of the National Assembly, spoke briefly before the Assembly following his party's victory, and reiterated his grand vision for Indochina's future. Now it's time to decide the composition of new government.
A unity cabinet led by Dao Duy Anh, a senior scholar.
A nationalist cabinet led by Nguyen Hai Than, a VNQDD leader.
Preparing For a New Legislative Election
It has been five years since the last National Assembly election. The National Assembly is the highest government organisation and the highest-level representative body of the people. The election will have significant impact on Indochinese politics.
Start preparing for the election.
Parliamentary democracy in Indochina is a failure.
Election of [GetYear]
Parliamentary elections were held in Indochina on [GetYear]. The members of the National Assembly, which would subsequently appoint the Prime Minister, and deputies of People's Councils at all levels were to be elected.
[From.GetRulingParty] maintain their dominance.
Election of [GetYear]
Parliamentary elections were held in Indochina on [GetYear]. The members of the National Assembly, which would subsequently appoint the Prime Minister, and deputies of People's Councils at all levels were to be elected. The Indochinese Bolshevik Party received 99.5% of the vote. Congratulations!
A Meeting of Democracy and Solidarity!
Open up political sphere?
We have promised greater political freedom to Indochinese citizens. Now non-socialists in Indochina want form their own political organisations and run election campaigns. It should be noted that many of them have connections with the former colonial regime, if not collaborate with it. Should we allow them to enter the political sphere?
We need more political freedom.
Freedom is not for collaborators and counter-revolutionaries.
Martial Law Continues
The martial law continues. Is this the revolution we fought for? If it is, maybe a military government will be more effective than civilian government.
Keep the civilian government.
Military government.
Transformation into a Syndicalist Country
With the empowerment of CGT, [INC.GetNameDef] has transformed into a syndicalist country. The state has been basically decentralised with local unions and communes managing the local affairs. The Bourse Générale du Travail has replaced the position of national assembly and the Comité Salut Public assumed executive power. Most political organisation are dissolved to eliminate the bourgeois party politics. Now Indochina entered a new era.
An era of Democracy and Solidarity!
BGT Election of [GetYear]
The term of the Bourse Générale du Travail is 5 years. Now a new round of legislative election is coming and BGT will also elect the new members of the executive Comité Salut Public. It's expected the orthodox syndicalists, a.k.a. Travaillistes will continue their dominance in BGT, but it might also form alliance with other factions to increase political flexibility.
Travaillistes dominance - Industrialisation Focus!
Bring in Anarchists - Cultural Enlightenment!
Bring in Maraisards - Social Development!
Bring in Montagnards - War Effort!
Trade Unions Protest
Today the trade unions in Saigon started a demonstration against our recent policies. They claimed that the new policy is violating the principle of socialism. Trade Unions demand more workers' autonomy and trade unions' control over the economy.
Ignore them.
Compromise.
General Strike!
Being ignored, the trade unions all over the country, led by the Indochinese Revolutionary League, launched a general strike against the government. They demand an immediate stop of all violation against workers' right and a shift on political direction to more worker's self-governance!
Time to establish state control over insubordinate unions!
Accepted their demand.
Crackdown on Trade Unions
The general strike escalated into a violent conflict between workers and police. The Indochinese Revolutionary League is now in open opposition to the government and began to organise rebellion. Our police used drastic methods to stop them and now syndicalists are massively arrested and persecuted.
Now is the time to eliminate traitors.
Tan Viet Activities
The New Viet Revolutionary Party, also known as Tan Viet party, is organised in the line of a vanguard party and adhere to the idea of democratic centralism. The party members are organised into secret cells and often engage with clandestine activities, which is sometimes regarded as non-democratic and suspicious by other political factions. Some politicians suspect they are secretly planning to overthrow the government by force. Should we put a limit on their activities based on the principle of political openness?
It's their freedom.
We need to keep an eye on them.
Socialist Opposition
Our recent reform has angered the socialists. They claimed the nationalist government has deeply deviated from the revolutionary principle of [INC.GetNameDef]. The revolution should liberate Indochinese people from the yoke of capitalism and dictatorship, not just changing the race of the oppressor. They urged a return to true socialist direction.
Maybe we did something wrong...
Ignore them.
Socialist Uprising in Saigon
The socialists and left-wing radicals rose up against the current government! A provisional revolutionary committee declared the continuous revolution to liberate our people from capitalism and dictatorship. Saigon worker militias tried to occupy key buildings but repelled by police. Meanwhile peasant rebels and mutinied soldiers are marching on Saigon! Will Saigon uprising happen again?
The Second Revolution succeeded!
General Nguyen Binh declared martial law.
Socialist Coalition Government
The VNQDD dictatorship is overthrown, now the socialist revolutionaries, united and firm, decided to bring Indochina back to socialist direction. Nguyen An Ninh was again the chairman of the new coalition.
C'est la lutte finale...
Socialist Coalition Government
Thanks to the his connection with other socialist faction, especially the syndicalist league, Pham Van Dong managed to out-manoeuvre his opponents within the party. He then admitted in the national assembly that the hard-line policy of the party has alienated many good people and stifled democracy in Indochina. Now the Bolshevik party will adopt a more open policy to work with other socialists to pursue the socialist future.
C'est la lutte finale...
Ending the Martial Law?
The flame of socialist rebellion has died down, but the rebellion has left a deep scar in Indochinese society. Now we are considering ending the martial law and return to democracy...
Collaborate with liberals.
Restore full political freedom.
Continue the martial law.
Remove Pham Van Dong
Pham Van Dong, despite all his merits, has a personality of administrator and intellectual rather than a real leader. He is considered too soft-willed and amicable to the enemy by the hardliners in the party. In the politburo meeting, Head of the Organisation Department Le Duc Tho led an attack against Pham Van Dong. Le Duc Tho, with his authority brought by close connection to French Jacobin, claimed that Pham Van Dong does not really understand the ideology of Leninism. It would be better for Dong to work as the prime minister.
Pham Van Dong was side-lined and Le Duc Tho took charge.
Pham Van Dong seek support from outside of the party.
This Year's Agricultural Production: Good Harvest
We have a bountiful harvest this year. Such a harvest could pose potential trouble if the price of corns goes too low.
Excellent.
This Year's Agricultural Production: Nothing Special
The agricultural production this year is hit hard by various factors. Many peasants believe that the government must have done something wrong to cause the anger of the heaven.
Well.
This Year's Agricultural Production: Poor Harvest
The agricultural production this year is hit hard by various factors. Many peasants believe that the government must have done something wrong to cause the anger of the heaven.
Disaster is Imminent!
The Result of the Land Reform
Our land reform created a rural society of small land-owners. The landlord regime in the countryside diminished. Most landlords moved to cities and start a new life with the revenue from selling land. However, Tenants and poor peasants, although received their land, are still burdened with loans. Many radicals regard this as a revolution unfinished...
Our land reform created a mixed result: Extremists tried eradicated landlords physically. However, landholders were frightened to make concessions and in general the land reform was conducted in a peaceful manner. Most peasants now are self-sufficient and become more confident while the former landlords and gentries are very discontent with the result.
Our land reform created a very egalitarian rural society. Gentry and landlords are fundamentally eliminated. In many villages poor peasants developed a strong sense of class consciousness. However, the terrors during the land reform also left deep rift within Indochinese society. The interpersonal ties of clans and families are almost destroyed. A tense atmosphere replaces the previous unity in villages...
At least it's a reform...
We have done our best...
Liberation came with a price...
Resistance of the Landlords
Despite the landholding limit regulation, landlords managed to keep their lands via various formal or informal means. Tenants and poor peasants see little improvement of their life and complaint that the government is with the landlords. People are very disappointed.
Well.
Need to strengthen bureaucracy to implement reform.
Landlordism is the problem!
Extremism Spreading in the Countryside
Motivated by the government, many peasants rose up to seize land, means of production and private possessions from landlords. Many landlords are humiliated and receive corporal punishment from peasants. Some prestigious scholar-gentries committed suicide. Many intellectuals protest that the government should act to protect law and order.
Extremism is better than 1000 years of feudalism.
That's too much.
Expand Redistribution Target?
With the land reform expanding to the North, we encountered a rather different situation-these areas are too densely populated and impoverished that we can't find enough land from landlords to redistribute. Therefore, if we want to fulfil the promise of land to the tillers, that means many small landholders will be also the target of land redistribution...
We must ensure every peasant get their own land!
There should be other solutions.
Red Terror
The violent Land Reform has evolved into a red terror engulfing the entire country! Many villages see mass execution of landlords. Even those patriots who contributed to the resistance can expect no protection. Vicious attack is also used by peasants to retaliate against rivals. Although it is impossible to know how many of innocent people were mistakenly executed, it is suggested that the scale of errors committed was undeniably dramatic.
Perfect chance to eliminate feudalism physically!
We have committed some mistakes...
Binh Dinh Peasant Uprising
The peasants in Binh Dinh province, rose up to protested against the detention of relatives and confiscation of property allegedly in connection with the land reform programme. However, when they were ignored by local administrators, some 20,000 peasants in all, armed with swords and farm tools seized several district governmental installations and began to burn down administrative buildings, town halls and railway stations, destroy tax registers, and pillage police stations. Local administration has been paralysed. The ignorant peasants must be controlled by foreign agents!
Send in People's Army.
Enlist an Amateur Guerrilla Lleader?
Recently, a successful guerrilla leader received some attention. This man, previously known as 'Anh Van (Borther Literati)' in the intellectual circle in Tonkin, abandoned his job as a history teacher and organised a guerrilla band that achieved some brilliant victories against Germany. He never received any formal military training and claims to learn military tactics from T.E. Lawrence's Seven Pillars of Wisdom. Some believe he has a real military talent, but our generals trained in France doubt it. Should we enlist this amateur into our army?
Let's see what can he do.
No, we don't need a literati in army.
Army Reform
The newly born People's Army of Indochina has stood up to the baptism of fire, but it's still a very immature army. With the lessons learnt from the war, two military schools emerged in our army. General Van Tien Dung, representing the idea of the general staff, believes in the merit of well-planned surprise offensive. They want to create a more centralised command system. Meanwhile, General Nguyen Chi Thanh, a prestigious political officer, believes in the merit of human will and individual initiative. He and his colleagues argued that courage and tenacity of Indochinese soldiers is our greatest weapon.
Let me see...
Panzer Panic
Our soldiers have reported encountering terrible steel monsters that can spit fireballs. Our officers trained in France know it is a type of armoured vessel called the Tank, or, in German, the 
Monsters!
Panzer Panic Subsides
Swift victory in the war for independence has brought an end to the threat of German Panzers. With the metal beasts no longer around, the Panzer Panic has ended.
Excellent.
Tet Offensive!
Shortly after the midnight, when Vietnamese people are celebrating lunar new year and setting off firecrackers, grenades exploded in the German Colonial Office in Hanoi. Viet Minh commandos appeared in Hanoi downtown while a huge size of Viet Minh troops launched massive attack against every cities and towns. Ignorant peasants, led by VM agitators and armed with machetes and spears, rose up in various districts to 'eliminate the tyrants'. We are totally caught off guard!
Is this how Viet Minh celebrate Lunar New Year?
Shelling of Saigon
This morning, the Germans began a bombardment of the city of Saigon, using both German warships as well as aerial bombardment. When this assault finally ceased, most of the major buildings in Saigon had been basically levelled. However, this bombardment will only aggravate our people's hatred of the German bandits.
Damn it.
New Textbooks
In order to awaken the militaristic spirit inherent to Indochinese people, we have introduced a complete set of reform to our education system including military training in elementary school, weapon using courses and new textbooks. Here is an example of a question from a Grade 2 Mathematics textbook:\n\nOne Indochinese soldier can kill five Huns.\n\nIf seven Indochinese soldiers fight forty-three Hunnic scums; how many Hunnic bandits will live?
8?
All the Huns are killed!
Liberation Day
Today is the Liberation Day—The day when we finally drive German imperialists out of our motherland. The victory and independence came at the cost of thousands of martyred souls. Almost everyone in this sorrowful land loses their beloved in the path towards liberation. Let's mourning all the martyrs devote their lives for our peace and freedom. Phan Dinh Phung, Phan Boi Chau and Ho Chi Minh are the most notable ones among them.
Today is the Liberation Day—The day when we finally drive German imperialists out of our motherland. Now our peace and freedom, came at the cost of thousands of martyred souls, is under threat. Let's follow the example of Phan Dinh Phung, Phan Boi Chau and Ho Chi Minh to fight for our independence!
Mourning the martyrs.
For greater victory!
The Sorrow of War
Recently, some of our writers published a series of non-fictions and novels reflecting on our previous war. They portrayed the brutality of the war and people's sufferings during the war. These works failed to make a difference between the evil imperialist invasion and our just war to win independence and unify the country and they have caused great confusion among our people.
People are exhausted.
Ban these counter-revolutionary poison.
Reflection makes us better.
Nguyen Thai Hoc Returns to Saigon
After the failure of the Yen-Bai mutiny, the fate of many VNQDD leaders was unknown. Fortunately, comrade Nguyen Thai Hoc, the founder and head of the VNQDD managed to escape from the German bandits' persecution. He fled to the mountainous region on the Sino-Vietnamese border and hid in South China. Today Nguyen Thai Hoc has returned to Saigon and was enthusiastically welcomed by the people.
Excellent!
Citizen Vinh Thuy
When our troops marched into the imperial capital of Hue, the Vietnamese Emperor Bao Dai, persuaded by our agent to stay, had been awaiting at his citadel. Today, in the platform in front of Hue, surrounded by the enthusiastic crowd and the flying Indochinese red flag, Emperor Bao Dai announced:\n\n'From this day on, royalty is abolished in Vietnam. Emperor Bao Dai is from here on in the simple citizen, Vinh Thuy. Citizens, let me be understood, I prefer to be a free citizen than an enslaved king'.\n\nThe abdication ceremony ended by Bao Dai handing over the symbols of royalty-gold seal and gold sword-to the revolutionary delegates while the crowd shouted praise to citizen Vinh Thuy.
Emperor yesterday, citizen today.
Women's Role in the Revolution?
The question of women has become controversial in Indochina. Many women joined the revolution and end up in important positions, but male revolutionaries are dissatisfied with being led by women and they tend to cast women participants in support roles. Despite evidence that in prehistoric times Indochinese women enjoyed equality or even power, the norm of women taking a submissive role has long been internalised in our society and it will be hard to change.
They should be content with auxiliary roles.
Women hold up half the sky!
New Four Virtues
Traditionally, women are expected to behave according to the 'Four Vir tues', which are wifely behaviour, wifely speech, wifely manner and wifely labour. Recently, some radical feminists published a series of essays claiming the 'Four Virtues' might be given new meanings: 
Sounds too radical.
Support them!
This should equally apply to men!
The Tragedies of the Youth Shock Brigade
Our Youth Shock Brigade, mainly comprised of young girls and women volunteers, is an important auxiliary unit known as 
We should try to improve their equipments and working condition.
We shouldn't let women go to dangerous places.
Sorry but we can't do anything.
The 1900th Anniversary of the Trung Sister Uprising
From AD 40 to 42 two sisters, Trung Trac and Trung Nhi rose up against invaders for independence and liberty. Despite their failure, Trung sisters have become the symbol of our resistance and heroism. This year is the 1900th anniversary of Trung Sister uprising. Parades and ceremonies are held in Saigon and Trung sister temples.
What a great day.
Our women should serve on the front lines like Trung sisters!
Economic Chaos
The outbreak of Weltkrieg cut down our connection to Europe. Our economy, heavily relying on the Commune of France, is suffering from the chaos.
Damn!
Buddhism in the Modern Age
Buddhist sects all across Indochina recently held a meeting to found the Indochinese Unified Buddhist Sangha. Under the banner of Buddhist revival movement, they seek to reform and strengthen Buddhism in the modern age. Unlike other religions like Catholicism or Caodaism, Buddhism is deeply entrenched in Indochinese population. The government has to treat it cautiously.
Respect our tradition.
Support Buddhist Socialism tendency!
Organised religious movements should be suppressed.
Francomania Hits Saigon
Our recent close cooperation with the Commune of France brought a surge, or resurgence of Francomania in Saigon. The new fashion of 'civilised' Saigon citizens is to dress like a French worker, address each other's name with 'Monsieur', and eat Banh mi. However, nationalists bitterly satirised and criticised this slavish emulation of French culture.
All hail the great France, Paradise on the Earth!
We must preserve our national essence.
Absorbing new culture makes us stronger.
Francomania Hits Saigon
Our recent close cooperation with the Commune of France brought a surge, or resurgence of Francomania in Saigon. The new fashion of 'civilised' Saigon citizens is to dress like a French worker, address each other's name with 'Monsieur', and eat Banh mi. However, nationalists bitterly satirised and criticised this slavish emulation of French culture.
All hail the great France, Paradise on the Earth!
We must preserve our national essence.
The First Saigon International Art Festival
The First Saigon International Art Festival was held recently. Due to the influence of our leading intellectuals, the curatorial priorities are the works of the avant-garde artists in syndicalist countries. However, it turned out that our citizens can hardly appreciate these modernist, futurist and surrealist art...
We must further drill the taste of Indochinese people.
Avant-garde culture seems too advanced for a place like Indochina...
The spread of Sorelian Influence
Although Indochinese exiles in France already knew Sorelianism, it didn't become a major trend in oversea Indochinese community. However, the recent victory of Sorelianists in France brought a surge of Sorelian ideas among our students in France. Several radical Sorelian groups like 'Dai Viet Socialist Combat Team' were formed in France and started to have influence on Indochina.
Sounds like a new fashion.
Another worrisome radical ideology.
Sorelianism is wrong! Stop these dumb teens!
Battle of Hue
Our troops launched a coordinated offensive to take Hue, the ancient imperial capital city of Vietnam. As expected, it's the lair of Vietnamese reactionaries. German and loyal Vietnamese troops occupied some well-fortified positions in the city, including the imperial citadel. Our army was engaged in heavy house-to-house and street fighting to take the city. All the available heavy equipments are gathered and many buildings are demolished to achieve a breakthrough. The battle for the Imperial Citadel is no less brutal. Out of 160 buildings of the Imperial City only few major sites remained intact when the flag of [INC.GetNameDef] flying on the Citadel flag tower. During and after the bloody battle, thousands of die-hard reactionary civilians were swiftly executed.
Hue!Hue!Hue!
Poet Xuan Dieu's Promotion
Recently, a poet Xuan Dieu is nominated to be the chief editor of the official cultural newspaper 'Literature and Arts (Van Nghe)'. Xuan Dieu is considered as perhaps the greatest romantic poet in modern Indochina. During the resistance, he became an ardent revolutionary writing to promote socialism and fighting against imperialists. However, his early works were known for their doleful and decadent style. Moreover, it is an open secret that Xuan Dieu is homosexual and wrote about 'Man's Love'. Some cultural officials urged caution against this appointment. Notably, his 'partner', Huy Can, is also a high-level cultural official. Such a couple gaining prominence in the official cultural field of [INC.GetNameDef] could be embarrassing...
It will be an embarrassment.
He is a brilliant writer and revolutionary, so what's the problem?
We can ignore that petit-bourgeois degeneracy...
Searching for Brother Ho
Although official record states that Comrade Ho Chi Minh, or better known as Nguyen Ai Quoc back in Paris, was killed in 1926 during the German intervention, there was no solid evidence that he is dead aside from the dubious German claim. There were rumours that Ho Chi Minh actually escaped from that disaster and hid in southern China organising a guerrilla. Although it might be unlikely that he is still alive, people still wonder about Brother Ho's fate. With the help of a friendly Chinese government, it's now possible to conduct an investigation in southern China of this...
It's good to have a try.
We already know he died.
We Found Brother Ho's Wife?
During our investigation, we found a woman in Guangzhou, Tang Tuyet Minh, claiming she was brother Ho's wife. The legal witnesses of their marriage in China, Cai Chang and Deng Yingchao, confirmed the fact and we also found notes and letters written by Ho Chi Minh in her collection. However, brother Ho's celibacy has been a symbol of his dedication to the revolution. It might be embarrassing to admit this marriage...
Invite her to Indochina.
This should remain a secret, Brother Ho is only married to revolution.
The Legend of the Guangxi Guerrillas
Our investigation of Brother Ho continues. There was a rumour in southern China that some ethnic minorities conducted a guerrilla warfare in Guangxi against local warlords in the late 1920s. Maybe it has some connections with comrade Ho Chi Minh.
Interesting.
The Fate of the Guangxi Guerrillas
We tried to find Ho Chi Minh's trace in Guangxi. It is clear that there was a guerrilla movement in Sino-Vietnamese in the late 1920s. However, it was finally suppressed by Guangxi warlord in 1932 and the leaders of the guerrillas were arrested and executed. Many of the executed leaders, according to the locals, are Vietnamese. This seems to be the fate of comrade Ho Chi Minh. Should we conclude our search?
Continue.
We already know the answer...
More Evidence from Guangxi
We continued our research in Guangxi and the result was out of our expectation. We discovered that some guerrillas were arrested and imprisoned in Nanning due to lack of evidence. Later in 1933 they were released by Guangxi warlord under the pressure of Chinese progressives. Among those released guerrillas, one man named Hu Guang left his diary to a local intellectual who helped him during the prison time. We confirmed that the diary is actually written by Ho Chi Minh. It seems that comrade Ho managed to hide his identity and survived. The Prison Diary of Ho Chi Minh is now transferred to the Museum of Indochinese Revolution in Saigon.
Interesting.
The Fate of Brother Ho
We finally found a decisive evidence about Brother Ho's fate in the secret police documents of the Legation cities and now we are able to reconstruct the fate of Ho Chi Minh. After the crackdown in 1926, Ho continued to conduct guerrilla warfare in southern China. The guerrilla was suppressed by Guangxi warlords and Ho was arrested. However, the warlord did not know who he is and released him. Comrade Ho decided to leave China for France but he was captured by the Legation city's police in Hongkong in 1933 and German secret polices figured out Ho's identity. Because Germans did not want to repeat the mass demonstration after Phan Boi Chau's execution in 1925, Ho was secretly executed in Hongkong. This untold story will not be forgotten by Indochinese people henceforth.
May your spirit protect our motherland.
New Foreign Exchange Earner!
We are running out foreign exchange and new foreign exchange earner is needed to finance our weapon purchasing. While our peasants have been encouraged to cultivate cash crops. What should we do with the most profitable one-opium is still undecided? Of course, opium production brought by colonisers is condemned by us, but desperate times require desperate measures...
Let's do it.
No, this is against our principle.
Collaborate with the Binh Xuyen Gang?
Binh Xuyen, an organised crime syndicate based on Saigon, is still active clandestinely after the revolution. They derived its funds from banditry and vice racketeering, but also transnational smuggling. Although our cadres are well-versed in clandestine operations, they are still new to the trade, maybe it's a good idea to seek the help of experts...
Let's unite for national salvation.
How can we work with gangs?
Deal with the Binh Xuyen Gang?
With the victory of anti-German national salvation war, the collaboration with Binh Xuyen Gang has also come to an end. While most leaders believe Binh Xuyen mafia should be eradicated, comrade Nguyen An Ninh wanted to integrate them into our socialist society. Is that possible?
Crime syndicates are also syndicates...
We no longer need Mafias!
Battle of Saigon
Binh Xuyen Gang, an organised crime syndicate in Saigon, felt endangered by our policy, decided to launch a desperate attack against us. After initial small-arms fire and mortar exchanges, a large part of the densely populated inner city was engulfed in bloody house-to-house combat. Finally, Saigon worker militia and local garrisons decided to deploy heavy weapons to crush the resistance of mafias. Hundreds of civilians were killed, and the many people's houses were levelled. It will take some time for Saigon to recover.
Woops.
The Integration of Binh Xuyen
Binh Xuyen members have gradually learned the merit of socialist society and renounce their criminal activities, now the newly born Binh Xuyen society has joined Saigon municipal administration and the former armed gang have been integrated into our army.
I know they can be transformed!
Indochina Wants to Join [Root.GetFactionName]
[INC.GetNameDefCap] has successfully toppled down German Imperialism in the peninsula. This is a step towards the liberation of Asian people from European hegemony. Now the Indochinese government has announced their will to join the Co-Prosperous Sphere and fight for the noble cause of Asia for Asians.
[INC.GetNameDefCap] has successfully toppled down German Imperialism in the Indochinese peninsula and commit their support to our revolution. This is a step towards the liberation of Asian people from Imperialist hegemony. Now the Indochinese government has announced their will to join our fight and become our comrade and brother.
The heroic [INC.GetAdjective] comrades have toppled down German Imperialism in the peninsula. However, the war against imperialism will never come to an end until the world revolution succeeds. Now the Indochinese government has announced their will to fulfil their international obligation by joining our righteous war against German Imperialists!
In these times of trial and burden, true friendships stand out!
We have no use for some Vietnamese farmers...
[From.GetName] Has Refused
The [From.GetAdjective] government has sent word that [From.GetFactionName] has no need of our alliance.
Disappointing, but perhaps there are alternatives.
Indochina Wants to Cooperate
The newly independent [INC.GetName] has changed the balance of power in the Indochinese peninsula. Now they have sent word that they want closer cooperation with us. This is a good chance for us to defeat our common enemy Siam.
The newly independent [INC.GetName] has changed the balance of power in the Indochinese peninsula. Now they have sent word that they want closer cooperation with us. This is a good chance for us to defeat our common enemy Burma.
Unite and we will be stronger!
We have no use for some Vietnamese farmers...
[From.GetName] Has Refused
The [From.GetAdjective] government has sent word that they have no need of our cooperation.
What a shame.
Instability in Cambodia and Laos
A group of revolutionaries started agitation in our Cambodia and Isan provinces. These bastards are supported by [INC.GetNameDef].
Damn it.
War in Indochinese Peninsula
Our Indochinese comrades have started the righteous war against Siamese hegemonists, it's time to liberate our lost land in Siam!
War!
Time is not ripe.
The Commune's Stake in Indochina?
Today a meeting is held in Paris by the 'French Friends of Indochina' association. In this very rare case, both the old Jacobin Marcel Cachin and the Sorelian Jacques Doriot attended the meeting and spoke for a closer relationship with Indochina, a newly independent socialist country in Asia. They argued that the Commune has done a lot to help the Indochinese people to win their independence, but that the responsibility of France for her former colony does not end. We can and we should offer to the people there a special relationship, as it passes through the present period of transition on its way to a new era - an era of pride and independence, and era of enlightenment and socialism - an era which, when contrasted with the bleak past of colonial oppression, will truly represent the ideal of socialist revolution.
Enlist them as soldiers against Imperialism.
Assist the inspiring growth of Indochinese socialism and economy.
What can we get from this? Pho?
Military Ties with France
Our comrades in the Commune of France haven't forgotten us. France has decided to establish a close political and military relationship with us. They sent their political specialists, military engineers and officers to facilitate the development of socialism and military force in Indochina.
Solidarity Forever!
Economic Ties with France
Our comrades in the Commune of France haven't forgotten us. France has decided to establish a close political and economic relationship with us. They sent their political specialists, engineers and technicians to facilitate the development of socialism and industrialisation in Indochina.
Solidarity Forever!
France is not Interested in Indochina
The Commune of France has decided that they are not interested in Indochina anymore. They refused any kind of closer cooperation beyond basic relation between socialist countries.
What a shame.
Uprisings in Laos and Cambodia
The agitators infiltrating from Indochina has started an armed uprising in Laos and Cambodia. The Laotian and Cambodian guerrillas are harassing our soldiers to support their Indochinese overlord.
Indochinese agitators have been rounded up today following a SDSI investigation, suppressing a possible rebellion in our own territory. In addition to that, many military equipment was also seized and handed to the army control to help with the ongoing war effort.
Damn it!
That was close...
[From.GetNameDefCap] Seeks Closer Ties
It seems that the [From.GetAdjective] now seek closer political and economic ties with powers closer to home. [From.GetNameDefCap] has proven itself to be an adamant fighter against Imperialism. Are we interested in their proposition?
Proletariat of the East, Unite!
No, we don't need pho and banh mi.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Agrees
[From.GetNameDefCap]'s government has agreed to our proposal. We will build socialism in Asia together.
Calcutta and Saigon, Solidarity Forever!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refused Our Proposal
Our delegates were received indifferently in [From.GetNameDef]. It seems that [From.GetNameDef] has decided that they are not interested in Indochina anymore.
What a shame.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Seeks Closer Ties
It seems that the [From.GetAdjective] now seek closer political and economic ties with powers closer to home. Despite its radicalism, [From.GetNameDef] has proven itself to be an adamant fighter against European Colonialists. Are we interested in their proposition?
Asia for Asian!
No, we don't need pho and banh mi.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Agrees
[From.GetNameDefCap]'s government has agreed to our proposal. We will improve the welfare of Asian people together.
Tokyo and Tonkin Co-Prosperity!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refused Our Proposal
Our delegates were received indifferently in [From.GetNameDef]. It seems that [From.GetNameDef] has decided that they are not interested in Indochina anymore.
What a shame.
Greetings from [INC.GetNameDef]
A ragtag diplomatic mission just arrived at our capital. These people are from [INC.GetNameDef], a newly emerging nation revolting against the German Empire. The Indochinese mission reaffirmed their commitment to our historical friendship and common task to free our people from the yoke of imperialism. They also managed to smuggle some much-needed battlefield medicine for us.
A diplomatic mission from the newly victorious Indochinese Union has arrived at our capital. These people are from [INC.GetNameDef] and have just succeeded in revolution against the German Empire. The Indochinese mission reaffirmed their commitment to our historical friendship and common task to free our people from the yoke of imperialism. They also managed to smuggle some much-needed battlefield medicine for us.
Together we will fight.
[INC.GetAdjective] Military Mission
General Nguyen Son, also known as Hong Shui in China, has led a military mission from Indochina to observe and assist our war efforts. General Nguyen Son was a student in the Whampoa military academy, and he is excited to reunite with his old classmates. The mission shared their experience on [INC.GetNameDef]'s recent war against German colonial forces with us.
Good.
[INC.GetAdjective] Military Mission Returns
The military mission led by General Nguyen Son just finished their service and headed back to the Indochina.
Farewell.
Nguyen Son Returns
The military mission led by General Nguyen Son just finished their service and returned to the Indochina. They have brought back their observation on the recent Chinese civil war and the reform of Chinese military.
Excellent.
Indochina Declares Independence
After the Weltkrieg, Germany seized French Indochina, but stability wasn't restored until Germany crushed the South China revolutionaries in 1926.\nNow, Indochinese nationalists and leftists under a coalition government called the Viet Minh have risen up against the colonial regime. Nguyen An Ninh, the head of the Viet Minh, declared the Independence of Indochina. After a salute to the Internationale and world revolution, he condemned the brutal German oppression of the working class and affirmed the Indochinese workers' commitment to anti-imperialism and the liberation of colonial people.\nObservers agree with German media that they are just some weak peasants, that the German garrison or even the police could easily suppress the Viet Minh.
After the Weltkrieg, Germany seized French Indochina, but stability wasn't restored until Germany crushed the South China revolutionaries in 1926.\nNow, Indochinese nationalists and leftists under a coalition government called the Viet Minh have risen up against the colonial regime. Nguyen An Ninh, the head of the Viet Minh, declared the Independence of Indochina in Saigon. After paying homage to the resistance of Asian people, he condemned the brutal German oppression of Asian people and affirmed the Indochinese people's commitment to the unity of Asia.\nObservers agree with German media that they are just some weak peasants. German garrison forces or even the police in the Far East can easily suppress the Viet Minh.
After the Weltkrieg, Germany seized French Indochina, but stability wasn't restored until Germany crushed the South China revolutionaries in 1926.\nNow, Indochinese nationalists and leftists under a coalition government called the Viet Minh have risen up against the colonial regime. After quoting the French Declaration of the Rights of Man and the American Declaration of Independence, Nguyen An Ninh, the head of the Viet Minh, condemned the brutal German oppression of free people and affirmed the Indochinese nation's right to independence.\nObservers agree with German media that they are just some weak peasants. German garrison forces or even the police in the Far East can easily suppress the Viet Minh.
Oh, how the mighty have fallen.
They are surely not model colonial subjects.
Where did they learn about the Declaration of Independence?
Insubordination will not be tolerated.
Independence or Death!
We'll keep an eye on this.
The Indochinese Revolt Succeeds
With the tenacity and fury of the Viet Minh troops driving German troops out of nearly all strategic points on the Indochinese peninsula, the German Foreign Office finally agreed to meet the leaders of the rebellion and offered full independence to the entire land they claim.\n\nThus today, the creation of [INC.GetNameDef] was confirmed by the Viet Minh, to the cheers of the Vietnamese people who had come to witness the historic event. The country's future is yet uncertain, but rumours of a Bharatiya alignment are starting to spread through diplomatic channels as the world tries to measure the impact of this event on Asia.
A devastating blow for colonialism!
Independence at Last!
We'll never recover from this.
The German hold on Asia is slipping.
The Indochinese Revolution is Defeated
Despite ferocious guerrilla warfare from the Viet Minh troops, the German army has managed to thwart the Viet Minh revolt in Indochina. The leaders of [INC.GetNameDef], hiding in the Plain of Reeds after the central government evacuating from Saigon, are assumed dead after the German troops launched a thorough sweep.\n\nHowever, there are also rumours of Viet Minh leaders crossing border and fleeing to other countries. Whatever may be the case, the war has left an indelible scar on the land, with thousands of villages ruined and millions losing their home in the vicious fight between German troops and Viet Minh guerrillas.
As expected.
Our interest in Asia is secure. For now.
Another nation lost to Imperialism.
Luck. That's all this is!
New Puppet Regime in the North!
Despite what many had hoped, it seems that the war has not finished with the defeat of the reactionaries in Hanoi - defying all logic and expectations, the [From.GetAdjective] have extended a zone of control which now occupy a large swath of Indochina. [From.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has brazenly declared that the line they have drawn is necessary to establish a security zone against the 'blatantly hostile' Indochinese government, much to our exasperation - the only explanation being a preparation to crush our revolutionary movement.\n\nPredictably, many are now calling for war to liberate the occupied territories. Although [From.GetNameDef] has just defeated the German forces in Asia, it is difficult to conceive that they could hold out against our forces while being busy on other fronts, and so the hawks have argued that an attack should be carried out as soon as possible. All we need to do is give the word.
They cannot get away with this!
They are too strong to confront...
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Prepares for War
Surprising few, it seems that our decision to retain control over much of Indochina is now leading to war. Following our declaration of a security zone around our area of occupation, the [FROM.GetAdjective] government has responded with outrage - already, the forces that were used against the German forces and their collaborators are being mobilised against us, accompanied with a declaration that 'the Hanoi Puppet Regime will be destroyed'.\n\nThe army is on high alert - the first campaign against [FROM.GetNameDef] was no simple affair, and the second one is not expected to be any easier.
Brace yourselves...
The Resistance
German Empire is probably the strongest military power ever exists, but we will triumph. The Resistance against German imperialists calls for greatest courage and sacrifices. But to survive and win, courage and sacrifices are not enough. David could not fight Goliah with a sword. He had to learn how to use the weapons of the weak.\n\nCurrent §YStrength§! of the §YGuerrilla Activities§! in Indochina: §R[?INC.guerilla_activity|-0]§!\n
§Y10§! Guerrilla Strength
§R10§! Guerrilla Strength
It costs $spend_10_guerilla_blocked$ to take the decision
§YGuerrilla Activities§! will be strengthened by $RIGHT|G0$.
Sabotage in Northern Vietnam
Sabotage in Central Vietnam
Develop Rural Secret Societies
Intensify Harassment
Sai Gon determined to sacrifice for the motherland!
The enemy is approaching Saigon, but we should fight to the last man to defend the capital of revolution. Every worker in Saigon will go to the barricade under the banner 'Sai Gon Quyet tu de To quoc quyet sinh'(Saigon determined to sacrifice for the motherland)!
Motivate the Peasants
Support Our Troops
Open the Truong Son Trail
Create Base Area in Viet Bac
Infiltration of the North
While the front line is becoming a stalemate, we have open up secret trail through Annamite Range to the North. Now we can send personnel and arms to support the guerrillas in the North.
Quyet Chien Quyet Thang!
German invaders have been pushed into Red River delta. The liberation Hanoi and entire Indochina lies in this final struggle. It's time to raise the banner of Quyet Chien Quyet Thang (Determined to fight, Determined to win) and eliminate imperialists!
Tet Offensive Plan
The General Staff has planned a major offensive. By sending our infiltrating troops, along with local guerrillas, to launch a full-scale attack in every enemy cities and towns in the Red River Delta, the heart of enemy's base in Indochina, we will paralyse them, cause the total disintegration of the enemy, and spark the popular uprising. The offensive will be prepared in the absolute secrecy and began in Tet, the tradition Lunar New Year to achieve maximal surprise.
Tet Offensive - Final Preparation
Tet Offensive - Final Preparation
§Y40§! Guerrilla Strength
§R40§! Guerrilla Strength
It costs $tet_offensive_condition_blocked$ to take the decision
A decisive offensive is planned to be held. The name of the offensive comes from Tet, the Lunar New Year, when the major attacks will take place.
Tong cong kich - Tong khoi nghia
People have rise up to support our General Offensive-General Uprising (Tong cong kich - Tong khoi nghia), we can't waste one second to liberate Hanoi and the entire Indochina. Forward!
Our Guerrillas will be decimated!
Form Khmer Issarak
Form Pathet Lao
Form Seri Thai
§YThe units formed in this decision can be upgraded or deleted via national focuses§!
Reorganise Indochinese Rifles
With the help of officers trained in France, including Weltkrieg veterans, we are able to grasp modern military tactics in a short period. However, we still need to know how to organise modern land units. A quick way to learn it is to reorganise the existing Indochinese rifle units (Linh Tap) into model units based on French system. These will also be our main force units. However, the reorganisation will take some time.
Negotiate with Germany
We will start negotiating with Germany for peace, but stubborn imperialists won't give up easily. Taking initiative in the battlefield, enemy's weariness in homefront or favourable international situation could help our cause.
Agricultural Production
The Monsoon Wind, blowing from Africa across the Indian Ocean brings water and sediment to the eastern rim of the Indochina peninsula, where millions of farmers live on several coastal plains. The entire Indochinese economy relies on its agricultural production, heavily merchandised yet vulnerable. The agricultural production in general is very susceptible to climate variability, but certain decisions and changes introduced by our government or farmers themselves could also have an impact.
Convert Distillery to Fuel Factory
The Colonialists had started to produce alcohol as a substitute for motor fuel in the 1930s but had still relied heavily on imported fuel. With fuel import cut off due to the enemy blockade, we now direly need fuel supply. It's possible for us to expand the capacity of distilleries produce alcohol for fuel purposes and butanol for aviation fuel. However, the project will be costly and consume a huge chunk of agricultural production.
Land Reform
A large percentage of agricultural land was owned by large landowners and the majority of the rural population of Indochina owned only small plots of land or was landless. If we can't fix the deep social inequality and rural poverty, then the revolution is just replacing foreign masters with local ones. It's decided that we need a complete land redistribution, but the means to that end vary...\n\nCurrent progress of the §YLand Reform§!: [?INC.land_reform|-0]\n
Start the Land Reform
This will increase §YLand Reform Progress§! by $RIGHT|G0$.
This will reduce §YLand Reform Progress§! by $RIGHT|R0$.
Set up Land Bank
Issue Land Reform Bonds
Offer Low-interest Loans
Enact the Upper Limit of Land Holding
§Y100§! Progress
§R100§! Progress
It costs $INC_finish_land_reform_blocked$ to take the decision
§YThis will push the land reform to a completely different direction§!
Activate §YArms-Trafficking System§!\n
Encourage the Peasants to Struggle
The land reform shouldn't be a passive process to our peasants. They should be mobilised to reclaim their own right. This is a chance to invoke the revolutionary spontaneity!
Expropriate the Land of Traitors
Political Instruction
The peasants are potatoes in a sack. The land reform must be carefully instructed by our cadres and political commissars along the correct line, that is, the line of socialism.
Seize the Means of Production
Expand Peasant Associations
Struggle Against Landlords
Rectify our Errors
§YLand Reform progress§! reaches 100
Finish the Land Reform
We have to finish the land reform. If the promise of a Land Reform is left unfulfilled, people will be very disappointed.
Towards Collectivisation!
The ultimate goal of we socialists is not to achieve equitable distribution of farmland like the Confucian ideal of 'land to the tillers' but rather, the reorganisation of all farmers into cooperatives in which land and other factors of agricultural production would be owned and used collectively. With the momentum of land reform, we shouldn't miss the chance to push the collectivisation!
Arms-Trafficking Network
Under the emergent war situation, we have activated an international underground smuggling network to gain desperately needed weapon and all war materials. The network will give us access to foreign weapons and war materials against enemy blockade.\n
Smuggling Along the Mekong River.
The Mekong River is not only the mother river of people living in the Mekong delta, but also notorious for being the sanctuary of smugglers in the Indochinese peninsula. Germany has no ability to control underground activities along the river, and we should take the chance.
§YThis will give us access to arms dealers around the Indochinese peninsula§!
Create a Junk Fleet
While the powerful German navy is able to interdict International convoys from approaching South China Sea, they can never capture every junk ship here. By mobilising fishermen, we can create our own junk fleet to serve the noble cause of smuggling
§YThis will give us access to arms dealers around the South China Sea§!
Buy arms from the Siamese Black Market
Gun control in Siam is weak. It's possible for us to directly buy guns from Siamese black market. However, this could bring unwanted notice from Siamese authority...
§YThis could help to establish a line of communication to our faithful friend, the Bharatiya People's Republic§!
Receive Aid from Bharat
The Bharatiya People's Republic has generously offered their help. We only need to carry them into Indochina.
Entente Weapon Surplus
Large numbers of Entente Weltkrieg weapon surplus is available in Hongkong. It's not hard to purchase some weapons under disguise.
Purchase war materials from Hongkong
Purchase war materials including medicine, radios, and bicycles from Hongkong.
Infiltrate Burma
One way to gain safe access to our fraternal ally the Bharatiya People's Republic is through Burma. However, we have to deal with various local factions there...
Expand Arms Workshop
By importing necessary materials, we can expand the arms production facilities in Saigon.
This will lower the §YCost§! of §YArms-Trafficking§!
Expropriate Traitorous Lands
Declare the Republic of Dai Viet
Indochina is a fake nation, we must assert the real identity of Viet!
Revolutionary Provisional Government
The 'Viet Minh', or 'League for the Independence of Vietnam', is a broad coalition of groups which seek the immediate independence of Vietnam. The Viet Minh, despite its deep political divisions, has managed to establish a provisional Indochinese government. As of yet, however, the structure of this government is largely informal and in need of reform.
General Staff's Reform Plan
The infantile People's Army of Indochina needs to be reformed. The general staff advocates well-planned surprise offensives as the basis of doctrine. With extensive planning, deep infiltration and modernised armaments, Indochina's army will be able to simultaneously assault multiple fronts, surprise the enemy, and cause their total disintegration.
Political Officers' Reform Plan
The infantile People's Army of Indochina needs to be reformed. The political department of army believes that human will is the key to victory. The courage and tenacity of Indochinese soldiers is our greatest weapon. We will engaged in prolonged guerrilla warfare to wear down our enemies, and fiercely strike them when they are exhausted and demoralised.
Expand Cam Ranh Bay
Cam Ranh Bay is among the best natural military harbours in the world. It was used as the staging area of the Russian Baltic Fleet in 1905 before they departed for the Battle of Tsushima, and German East Asia Fleet during the German Intervention in the Chinese Civil War. Expanding the Cam Ranh Bay naval base will greatly improve our own naval construction capacity.
Defend the Skies
We have suffered too much from enemy air strikes and must build our own air force to counter them. However, Indochina is quite poor, and the enemy will surely have a far greater number of aircraft. Thus, we must also build air defences. Through continued expansion of our air force, perhaps, instead of our enemies bombing us, we will be able to bomb our enemies.
Break the Chain
Feudal and colonial bureaucracy is the chain that has shackled our people for a millennium. Let us reform these institutions and break this great chain forever more!
Incorporate Administration
Our newly born state is severely lacking in civil servants. We must incorporate the remnants of the old administration and integrate its civil servants!
Anti-Infiltration Campaign
Nearly every revolutionary organisation in Indochina was inundated with spies and infiltrated by the colonial police. Undoubtedly, insidious enemies still send their agents to sabotage our revolution.
Extensive Mobilisation
Our enemies have brought with them formidable weapons to fight their reactionary and imperialist wars. While we cannot match them in ordnance, we have a singular fighting spirit. Every man is ready to fight for the salvation of the motherland.
Land Policy
Poverty caused by landlordism and feudalism has plagued our nation for generations. We are mandated to alleviate the misery of our peasants. However, we have still not decided upon our land policy. Let us determine how to best reorganise the bountiful lands of Indochina.
Education Reform
German colonialists brought with them only sausages. Millions of our compatriots are still illiterate. To reduce illiteracy immediately, we must replace the complex Chinese characters and promote a standardised writing system based upon the Latin script, which is far easier to understand. This will sever our connection to tradition, but we have no choice.
War Economy
Indochina is a nation under constant threat of enemy attack. If we are to have any hope of victory, our economy must be tuned for the unique demands of war.
The National Assembly
Despite strong opposition from radicals who advocate a syndicalist system, the Viet Minh opted to adopt a parliamentary system to best represent our people's will. All citizens at least eighteen years of age are eligible to vote for candidates for the National Assembly. The Assembly is currently expected to be the highest organ of the state, exerting both legislative and executive power.
Anarchist Revolution
Nguyen An Ninh and the anarchists won a majority of seats in the National Assembly. Following the victory, Nguyen An Ninh has declared the anarchist project to decentralise the state and educate Indochinese people.
Syndicalist Revolution
The Syndicalists won the majority of seats in the National Assembly. The new Assembly Chairman, Ta Thu Thau, has an ambitious social agenda to transform Indochina into a syndicalist society.
Nationalist Revolution
The Nationalist VNQDD has emerged as the dominant faction in the Indochinese National Assembly. Will they achieve the dream of parliamentarianism and industrialisation in Indochina?
Revolution of Personality
We have fundamentally reshaped the personality of Indochinese people. Their backward thoughts and habits have been gradually eliminated. Their provincial worldview is replaced by internationalism. The innate aspiration to realise freedom, justice and socialism began to develop in their heart.
Vanguardist Revolution
The Vanguardist Tan Viet party, among the few remaining Vanguard socialist parties in the world, won a majority in the National Assembly. It's expected that they will seek a strong Indochinese state led by the intellectual vanguards.
Expand Civilian Industry
Syndicalism can't develop in a poor and agrarian country like Indochina. To cultivate true syndicalism, we need to start an industrialisation programme.
Unionisation
With the development of civilian industry, we can make sure most industrial sectors are covered and managed by trade union organisations.
Supply and Marketing Cooperatives
The peasant economy in Indochina is the symbol of backwardness. We should support the creation of supply and marketing cooperatives in each village, via which peasants will have more access to industrial products.
Le Militant
Soldiers are the pillar of [ROOT.GetNameDef]. With the establishment of Le Militant, an organisation to facilitate the communication and cooperation between the army and the trade unions, we will better solve the need of our soldiers and provide equipment. Now we can proudly declare the genesis of our military-industrial complex.
Industrial Enlightenment
The Indochina is a poor agrarian country haunted by primitivism, superstition and ignorance. Workers, the most progressive social class, must lead the country and dispel the darkness of ruralism by industrial enlightenment. We will start the grand project to spread the light of industrial civilisation to the vast rural areas.
Empower the CGT
We have made great efforts to develop industry in this poor agrarian country. Now the CGT has grown enough to assume power. It's time to end the regency of parliament and start building syndicalism without Indochinese characteristics!
Literacy Campaign
The new education reform plan must be implemented. To do this, we will dispatch intellectuals to the countryside to educate the rural peasantry. Only then will our farmers be moulded into true revolutionaries; disseminating basic knowledge of modern science, especially agricultural techniques and hygiene practices is also sure to improve the lives of our nation's poorest.
Urbanisation Effort
As Marx said, peasants are a bag of potatoes. They can't develop true proletarian democratic spirit. We should start a massive urbanisation programme, so that the proletarian dictatorship will have a solid mass basis
Proletarian Culture
The party strives to lead the people into the shining light of socialism. Everything the party does is for their sake. The people, however, must be remoulded to better facilitate their salvation. To accomplish this, we must eradicate reactionary elements of our culture by any means necessary.
Worker's Council
The council of workers, farmers and soldiers, invented by great Russian revolutionaries, provides a new type of democracy. The experiment sadly ended with the failure of Russian Revolution. By revive the councils in local and national level, we will offer a better alternative to existing democracy system.
Journey to the West
The great patriot and martyr, Phan Boi Chau, launched the 'Journey to the East' movement which encouraged students to study in Japan and bring back the latest knowledge. Now, it appears, we must embark on a new journey, this time, to the West. We will send our best and brightest to Calcutta and Paris for the development of our motherland.
Parallel Administration
To ensure the leadership of the party, we must extend the party organisation to every administrative level. The party administration will be parallel to the formal administration and assume real power.
Infiltration Tactics
While guerrilla tactics proved effective against the occupying Germans, guerrillas are by nature uncoordinated. General Van Tien Dung advocates formalising the command structure of our guerrilla units and training them in operational integrity while also encouraging the impromptu tactics utilised by guerrillas. This, he says, will allow our units to infiltrate enemy positions while maintaining strategic cohesion.
The Night Belongs to Us
The enemy might dominate the battlefield with their artilleries and planes, but they can't do so when the sun sets, and then, they will realise the night belongs to us.
Concentrated Offensive
Our ability to consistently penetrate enemy defences allows us to defeat the enemy in detail as we please. Planning operations well beyond enemy lines, however, requires immense preparation and units are likely to become disoriented. To better concentrate firepower during such operations, we should consult with accomplished guerrilla leaders, and integrate their advice into our military doctrine.
Motorised Assault
Speed is the key of war. While our soldiers are good at marching, they can't chase automobiles. We must develop our own fast, motorised divisions to penetrate enemy defence line and launch assault in depth.
Political Tutelage
Sun Yat-senism is a foreign ideology to most Indochinese people, but we share a similar social and cultural background. While the people will, of course, enjoy greatest democracy and freedom, they must be educated about the virtues of constitutional government and parliamentary democracy.
Caravelle Manifesto
Following the liberation of Indochina, a delegation of individualist Indochinese intellectuals and politicians met in ballroom of the opulent Caravelle hotel to draft a manifesto outlining their grievances against the new Indochinese regime. Many in the VNQDD advocate adopting this manifesto as a part of the party's platform - a formal commitment to individual liberty.
Heavy Industry Cult
Why Indochina was so poor and colonised by European? It's because we don't have heavy industry. To protect our independence, we need more factories, more!
Police State
Secret police is the shield and sword of the worker's state. We have invited Sorelian comrades to teach their experience of how to build an advanced police state. Counter-revolutionaries can never escape our surveillance.
Militarist Ethos
While protest and demonstration accomplished nothing, the freedom of Indochina was ultimately won through armed struggle. So too must the future of our nation must be secured by the military. If Indochina is to remain free, the people must always be vigilant and instilled with the spirit of martial prowess and unyielding gallantry.
Commando Assault
Battlefield is never an ideal plain, especially in places like Indochina. While our troops are good at exploiting terrain like jungle, mountain or rice field to bash our enemy, highly-trained special force will further strengthen this advantage.
GO-GU strategy
We have developed the strategy of General Offensive-General Uprising. This strategy will combine decisive battle, infiltration, military mobilisation, covert action as well as political, diplomatic, and psychological method to launch offensive on all fronts. This will cause the total disintegration of our enemy and achieve our total victory.
State Corporatism
Alone, the state lacks the capacity to effectively direct the economy. However, through close cooperation with and careful oversight of large domestic businesses, our administration may be both centralised and sensitive to local economic variation.
Encourage Entrepreneurship
Individual aspiration cannot be replicated; it is the personal pursuit of prosperity that ultimately underpins any successful economy. The economic role of the state, therefore, is to ensure that anyone willing to pursue their passions is able to do so.
Greater Harmony
The greatest obstacles to national prosperity lie not in the machinations of foreign enemies, but in the internal issues which divide society. Only through culturally ingrained tolerance and shared purpose will our nation ever truly prosper. Let us build a more harmonious society.
Vietnamisation
The independence struggle of Indochina is essentially led by the heroic Vietnamese nation. If our nation is to ever be truly unified, the superior Vietnamese culture must be promoted throughout. It's our mission to bring our Vietnamese civilisation, the descents of fairy and dragon, to Viet Bac, Central Highland, Laos and Cambodia!
Embrace Indochinese Identity
Indochina is home to many vibrant cultures, each with their own unique history and identity. Few of our people, especially among Laotians and Cambodians, however, feel Indochinese. We must promote a unified Indochinese identity among all our people or risk separatism.
Logistics Centralisation
The various militant groups and bands of guerrillas, which served as the backbone of our military during the revolution, all employed their own, often convoluted, supply chains. By standardising our military logistics operations, our military will be more efficient and more effective.
Tunnel Network
Imperialists usually assume tunnels are holes for the cowards to hide. They don't understand that tunnels can be barracks, factories, arsenals and hospitals.
The Ho Chi Minh Trail
We expanded the primitive footpaths that facilitated trade in jungles into a huge logistic network, which can hardly be interdicted by our enemies. This new logistics system will be able to provid support, in the form of manpower and materiel to our soldiers.
Unification
Our motherland, from North Vietnam to Saigon delta, is all under the firm control of the revolution. What a glorious day!
Express de la Réunification
The transindochinese railway is heavily damaged during the war. We have decided to rename it Express de la Réunification and start the reconstruction of it to connect all the parts of Indochina together. This would help improve our internal trade and travel.
New Rifles
During the resistance war our soldiers use hundreds of different guns ranging from smoothbore muskets made in our own workshops to brand-new Mauser rifles produced by German bandits. Now it's time to adopt the latest standard of rifles in the Internationale and ensure our soldiers get this new equipment.
Artillery Effort
The enemy believes we are some poor peasants equipped with inadequate weapons. Well, it's partially true, but when we start bombarding them from the rice field with our new guns, they will regret this assumption.
Armoured Unit Experiment
The first appearance of tank in Indochinese battlefield brought huge shock to our soldiers. Now it's time to develop our own steel monsters.
Port Expansion
The imperialists built the ports to exploit our people and land. We expand them to improve our international connections. This is a huge difference for sure.
Pedal Power
When European first brought bicycle to Indochina, no one expect it would lead to the shining moment for the bicycle as a tool of war. The war proved that these steel horses have the potential to survive the finest weapons in the great powers' arsenal and support the Indochinese military system.
Sapper Tactics
Our sappers, adept at infiltrating and attacking airfields, firebases and other fortified positions, can be used for a wide range of missions. The sappers followed the principle of 
Youth Shock Brigade
Youth Shock Brigade is a paramilitary organisation that is meant to be the arms and legs of our war. The Youth Shock Brigades is our support unit that go first to open the roads, prepare the front, and returned last to clean up the battlefield and transport the wounded in a battle. Since most men are conscripted in the regular troops, the brigade will be largely made up of women.
Industrial Effort
Indochina has an extreme lack of any modern industry. We must make efforts to change this.
Self-Reliance
Colonial rule has made Indochinese people dependent on foreigners. We must put an end to this. Indochina will rely on itself and develop strong industry to serve our revolution.
Coal and Steel
Steel is the backbone of modern industry. North Vietnam is rich in coal and iron resources, but under the colonial regime we did not even have modern steel factories. Constructing Thai Nguyen steel factory will be the first step of Indochinese industrialisation.
Extensive Female Service
The Indochinese women always live on the ancient saying of our country, 'When war comes, even women have to fight.' Now with the change of people's attitude towards women's role in society, we can formally accept women not only in militia and support units, but in our regular troops.
Guerrilla Tactics
Historically, the people of Indochina have often adopted guerrilla tactics to counter a much stronger enemy. By adding modern command art and military organisation into it, we will elevate guerrilla tactics to a new level. The key to win the war is to fight it in our way, not our enemy's.
Ambush Focus
'Watch out! They have emerged from nowhere and we are surrounded! This is the Viet Minh's trap!'\n\nAmbush is not passively waiting for the enemy. Rather, it's conducted with careful planning and daring tactical manoeuvres. A successful ambush is intended to inflict maximum casualties on the enemy.
Local Initiative
During the resistance war our engineers developed many new techniques to produce rifles, grenades and mines under poor conditions. The talent of our engineers, who designed new weapons like anti-tank pole or Pegasus recoilless gun, is undeniable. Now we will build our own military industry based on our own method.
Harassment Focus
Our guerrilla tactic focuses on harassment and interdiction. These tactical actions are relatively ineffective in dealing damage to enemy troops, but they can confuse and exhaust our enemy.
Main Force Build-up
Guerrilla warfare is not the ultimate goal. It is a way to buy time and train our troops. Now our force gained enough experienced through the guerrilla warfare. It's time to build up our main force and seize the initiative to strike our enemy.
The Tiger and the Elephant
In a fight between tiger and elephant, if the tiger stands his ground, the elephant will crush him. But, if he remains mobile, he will eventually vanquish the elephant, who bleeds from a multitude of cuts.
Mobile Warfare
The experience of guerrilla warfare has endowed us the mastery of tactical manoeuvres. Even when engaged with our enemy directly, we should continue to exploit this strength and offset enemy's superior firepower with our mobility.
International Division of Labour
We should admit the industrialisation of Indochina will take a long time. The international division of labour will strengthen the dynamic of socialist economies and the solidarity of socialist countries. Committing our economy to the socialist international division of labour will serve the world revolution and benefit our own economy.
Invite International Experts
We faced many difficulties in developing our own military industry. We must borrow anything that could help us from our comrades. Inviting experts from fraternal socialist country to teach us the latest technological development will be a good start.
Rice and Rubber
Blessed with Red River and Mekong River, Indochina has a great agricultural potential. We decided to focus on modernising our agriculture as the way to improve our people's life and serve the Internationale.
Light Industry Development
Under the colonial regime our industry is terribly underdeveloped. We cannot provide our people with clothes made by our own. We must develop civilian industry to improve our people's living standard.
Submarine Research
When former soldiers receiving training as captains and sailors, they keep asking: 'Can we wage naval guerrilla warfare?' Well, with the deployment of our submarines, this might become possible.
Screen Ships Research
Our ancestors defeated strong Mongolian navy by putting pikes on the bottom of the river. Now Mongolian navy no longer exists, and that tactic is no longer useful. We need some real ships to defend our motherland.
Expand Ba Son Naval Shipyard
The Saigon naval arsenal has been renamed BaSon shipyard. By expanding this shipyard, we will be able to build a new fleet.
Pirate Doctrine
During the great Tay Son dynasty, we recruited Chinese pirates the control the Tonkin gulf. A modern pirate tactic is our best way to deal with stronger imperialist navy.
Training Cambodian Revolutionaries
Siam seized most of the Cambodia proper during the Weltkrieg. Now Cambodian people are urgently eager for our enlightenment. It's time to train Cambodian comrades. They need our education to be good revolutionaries.
Training Laotian Revolutionaries
Although our Laotian comrades contributed a lot to the resistance, they didn't receive enough training as revolutionaries. Now it's time to train our Laotian cadres.
Flak Build-up
We could probably never be able to match imperialist air force in quality and quantity, but at least we should be able to shoot the bandits when they bomb us. We need all sorts of flaks to make the sky of Indochina a killing zone to the imperialists.
Radar Effort
Our people set up thousands of observation posts to conduct naked eye search. This has been proven very effective. However, this new technology called Radar could detect enemy bombers more accurately. We should ask our fraternal countries for technological assistance on this.
People's Air Defence
We must prepare the people and the army for the eventuality of warfare and doomsday bombing that the imperialists are planning. We should be able to offset their air superiority by our training on concealment and anti-air attack.
Buy Interceptors
Our industry is too underdeveloped to design and build our own planes, but we can try to buy outdated planes from out fraternal countries and start imitation.
Air Force Modernisation
An air force is not only planes. Our air force is still not ready for modern air warfare. We must have properly trained pilots, modern air doctrine and maintenance/logistic unit.
Active Air Defence
Attack is the best defence, we must continue to build our interceptors to counter enemy air force.
Guerrilla in the Air
We shouldn't confront with enemy air force directly. Instead, we should use superb guidance from ground controllers, to position the fighters in perfect ambush battle stations so that they can launch a swift and devastating attack and disengage. This is our guerrilla warfare in the air.
Rising Dragon
After years of bleak history of colonialism, we will once again assert our importance in the world. The dragon is rising.
Expand the Societies
During the revolution, Aspiration Society functioned as secret societies and make great contribution to the rural uprisings. Now it's no longer necessary to keep the societies underground. Societies, essentially loose and decentralised, ruled by members' common will, should be the basic unit of political and economic activities of people.
Revolutionary Spontaneity
Our people and armed forces alike must be beholden only to collective will. To accomplish this, we should officially introduce the principle of 'Spontaneity' - that any government measure must not contravene the agency of collectives.
Break the Patriarchy
Although we have made great efforts to improve gender equality, patriarchy is still deeply entrenched in people's mind as well as practice. Now we should take radical steps to immediately liberate our sisters and brothers from the tyranny of patriarchy. The feudal family system must be demolished now!
Modernist Culture
Indochina is a backward country. The mind of our people is burdened with the poisonous legacy of feudalism and imperialism. We must import the most revolutionary and advanced culture from the Commune of France to renovate people's mind. Our farmers will learn to appreciate surrealism and futurism.
La Lutte
The leftists in Indochina have reached a greater agreement on how to build socialism in Indochina. Now, they have decided to declare their common agenda in their common newspaper La Lutte. The rule by consensus will replace the bitter factionalism and our socialist motherland will have a brighter future. Democracy and freedom will flourish in the land of Indochina.
The Legacy of Ho Chi Minh
Brother Ho Chi Minh, the vanguard of Indochinese revolution, is the founder of the syndicalist League as well as a close friend of Nguyen An Ninh and Pham Van Dong. Brother Ho always emphasise the importance of solidarity. Now his words and deeds have become the symbol of Indochinese revolution and inspire us to achieve greater unity. Brother Ho is marching with us!
Democratic Centralism
With the party thoroughly entrenched and the wondrous seeds of socialism beginning to sprout, the internal governmental decision-making process must be both democratised and centralised. In order to avoid poisonous factionalism, we must strengthen the rule of the party and embrace the Vanguardist ideal of democratic centralism.
Ruralism
Indochina is an agrarian country. The intellectual dominance of urban elites is created by historical, social and economic inequality. We must ensure our farmers can also enjoy the freedom of thoughts. We should encourage farmers to promote their rural lifestyle, rural ideas and rural culture.
Freedom of Thought
Indochinese people has suffered too much from feudal and colonial cultural dictatorship. With the revolution succeeded, we should encourage the real freedom of thought. This might cause temporary chaos, but ultimately people will be able to reach a greater consensus and move towards socialism with greater enthusiasm.
Develop Laos
Under the colonial rule, Laos is a backwater without any modern economy. Now we are trying to improve the economy of Laos and the living standard of Laotian people. Hopefully, no one will devastate the poor country by cluster bombs.
Develop Cambodia
Many Cambodian people still harbour some anti-Saigon sentiment. We will prove that our progressive republic is much better than Emperor Minh Mang by developing Cambodia. Cambodian compatriots are an integral part of the Indochinese family.
Hydraulic Ambition
Our mountainous regions in the North Vietnam have great potential to offer a lasting source of energy. With these hydraulic powers exploited, we can develop industry in the north, especially the bauxite mine in North Vietnam.
Forceful Industrialisation
We can't wait any more. Industrialisation must be speed up. The army should send construction corps to build factories while the profits from agricultural production must be put into buying machines. All for industrialisation!
Industrial Autarky
The main goal of our industrial policy is industrial autarky and national defence. We will create a comprehensive network of self-sufficient local industries to ensure that the industrial power of Indochina will survive even in the worst situation.
Export-oriented Industrialisation
With the help of our international comrades, the industrialisation in Indochina has significantly sped up. Now we should reorient our industrialisation to satisfy the need of our fraternal countries to bring our comparative advantage into full play.
Destabilise Siam
Siamese imperialists have enslaved the Laotian and Cambodian people for years. Now with our Laotian and Cambodian comrades trained, they are fully ready to start the revenge.
Cooperate with Siam
Siam has adopted a series of progressive policies. They seem to be negotiable. We can cooperate with them to improve our security.
Peninsular Direction
We are still surrounded by unfriendly factions in the Indochinese Peninsula. We will need to sort them out. The peninsula must be pacified. After all, this is the Indochinese peninsula...
Cooperate with Burma
Burma has become a socialist state. Now we can work together to ensure the future of socialism in the Indochinese peninsula.
Challenge Siamese Hegemony
In 1919, treacherous Siam stole our lands west to Mekong and collaborated with the colonial regime to suppress the Indochinese revolutionaries. When we Indochinese people fought against colonist invasion, the despicable Siamese ruling class still maintained their rule by collaborating with imperialists. Siamese domination in the Indochinese peninsula must come to an end.
Commit to Chinese Revolution
Indochinese and Chinese revolutionaries have been fighting brothers since the arrival of western imperialism. The revolution in Indochina won't be secured if revolution doesn't prevail in China. We should commit to the revolutionary movement led by Chinese Kuomintang!
Mission of General Nguyen Son
General Nguyen Son is among the early Indochinese military leader who studied in the Whampoa military academy during the Chinese national revolution. He has proposed to lead a military mission helping the KMT to fight Chinese reactionaries.
Our most Dangerous and Direct enemy
The two countries of Indochina and China are destined to be rivals, not simply because the tyranny of geography, but because the Northern hegemony always wanted to colonise Indochina. Everyone knows that the entire history of Indochina is marked by the eternal resistance of northern invasion. It is not a coincidence that the North now has demonstrated its imperial ambition again when Indochina newly regained its independence. They are our most dangerous and direct enemy!
Comrade and Brother
United like lips and teeth, the two nations of Indochina and China have built a strong bond. Our countries have experienced Western imperialism firsthand, and together, we will strive to make Asia a more socially and economically just continent. Our shared fraternal bonds will be solidified even further as we join our fellow Asian comrades as two dragons aiming to bring the revolution to Asia once and for all!
Our International Obligation
The Commune of France has started the sacred war against German Imperialism. However, Germany can still exploit the colonial people to support its evil efforts. We must attack the colonies of the German Empire to support the Internationale. It's time to fulfil our international obligation!
Ask For Phalanstère Membership
The Commune of France has started the Phalanstère International project. We should join to develop our backward motherland and promote revolution.
Join East Syndicalist Faction
Our relationship with the Bharatiya People's Republic has blossomed into something resembling friendship. Let us formally join with our brothers in Calcutta, and bloom together like a brilliant lotus.
Join the Co-Prosperity Sphere
Our compatriots in Tokyo have established a new organisation of Asian states dedicated to mutual defence and the reduction of western influence in the region. While some may argue that the organisation is little more than an association of Japanese puppet states, by joining, we can firmly repudiate western imperialists once and for all.
Seek Support from Japan
With nationalist victory in the National Assembly, we have affirmed that Asia must be for Asians, and Japan is the foremost Asian power. If we are to ever drive western imperialists out of Asia, we will need Japan at our side.
An International Revolutionary Outpost
Since our victory against German bandits, the role of in international socialist movement has become increasingly important. Indochina will become the outpost of world revolution in Asia!
Beyond Indochina
We have consolidated our security. It's time to look beyond Indochina and seek our international policy.
Special Relationship with France
The Commune of France, the beacon of socialism of the world, bought revolution and liberation to Indochina. Most Indochinese revolutionaries joined revolution in France, and our just cause has been always supported by French comrades. It's only reasonable for us to develop a special relationship with the Commune of France.
Strengthen Ties With Calcutta
Calcutta is the centre of Asian revolution, we should consolidate our friendship with the Bharatiya People's Republic.
Indochina
Indochinese
Indochina
Vietnam
Viet
Vietnam
Republic of Dai Viet
the Republic of Dai Viet
Republic of Dai Viet
the Republic of Dai Viet
Republic of Dai Viet
the Republic of Dai Viet
Republic of Dai Viet
the Republic of Dai Viet
Republic of Dai Viet
the Republic of Dai Viet
Republic of Dai Viet
the Republic of Dai Viet
Republic of Dai Viet
the Republic of Dai Viet
Republic of Dai Viet
the Republic of Dai Viet
Republic of Dai Viet
the Republic of Dai Viet
Republic of Dai Viet
the Republic of Dai Viet
Laos
Laotian
Laos
Lao People's Democratic Republic
the Lao People's Democratic Republic
Lao People's Democratic Republic
the Lao People's Democratic Republic
Lao People's Democratic Republic
the Lao People's Democratic Republic
Kingdom of Laos
the Kingdom of Laos
Kingdom of Laos
the Kingdom of Laos
Kingdom of Laos
the Kingdom of Laos
Kingdom of Laos
the Kingdom of Laos
Kingdom of Laos
the Kingdom of Laos
Kingdom of Laos
the Kingdom of Laos
Kingdom of Lan Xang
the Kingdom of Lan Xang
Pham Van Dong
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1906, in Quang Ngai Province, Protectorate of Annam, Indochinese Union§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIn 1924, Pham Van Dong travelled to southern China. There, he met Ho Chi Minh, and quickly became one of his most trusted confidants and leaders of men. He witnessed the tragic end of Vietnamese syndicalist movement and fled to France. In exile, he developed an interest in the ideology of French Jacobins, Vanguardism. The idea of a vanguard group of disciplined intellectuals leading the revolution captured him. After the split of the League in 1931, he founded Tan Viet party and started infiltrating the colony. Most of his colleagues find him forever diligent and energetic, a reliable and loveable person as well as an ideal organiser and administrator. On the other hand, his enemy fear his ability to run the party and state machine.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1906, in Quang Ngai Province, Protectorate of Annam, Indochinese Union§!
Ta Thu Thau
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1906, in Long Xuyen Province, Colony of Cochinchina, Indochinese Union§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThis young radical almost shouldn't have been the chairman of the prestigious Indochinese Revolutionary League, but he is and he is well respected by his colleagues. Ta Thu Thau became a prominent activist in Saigon in the mid-1920s and joined the League in its darkest days. After the split in 1931 gave another heavy blow to the League, Ta Thu Thau rose to power. This sharp intellectual has intentionally modelled Ho Chi Minh's leading style since his assuming of the title of Chairman, trying to calm factional tensions and strengthen solidarity. The recovery of the League from the collapse largely credited to his efforts. Now, he is determined to achieve the unfulfilled dream of the martyrs—to build syndicalism in Indochina.§!
Vo Nguyen Giap
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 25th, 1911, in Quang Binh Province, Protectorate of Annam, Indochinese Union§!
Nguyen An Ninh
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1900, in Cho Lon Province, Colony of Cochinchina, Indochinese Union§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNguyen An Ninh is respected by most Indochinese intellectuals as the true democratic soul of Indochina. He studied in Sorbonne and participated in the French Revolution of 1919. In 1922, Nguyen An Ninh, Nguyen The Truyen and Nguyen Ai Quoc (Ho Chi Minh) met in Marseille and decided to plan the liberation of their motherland. Nguyen An Ninh returned to Indochina in 1924 and was arrested by German police for radical agitation. After witnessing the crackdown of Indochinese syndicalism, Nguyen An Ninh decided that Indochinese revolution must rely on the spontaneous uprising of peasants. Since then, he started the Aspiration Society, modelling on traditional secret societies. He often personally travels from village to village under the disguise of a monk or herbalist, selling his self-made ointment, and secretly recruits members to sow the seeds of revolution. He thus won great popularity among peasants in the Mekong Delta. While his dream of completely transforming the personality of the Indochinese people might not realise in the foreseeable future, his emphasis on cultural enlightenment, autonomy and spontaneity will deeply reshape Indochinese society.§!
Nguyen Thai Hoc
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 30th, 1902, in Vinh Yen Province, Protectorate of Tonkin, Indochinese Union§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNguyen Thai Hoc is the founding leader of the Viet Nam Quo Dan Dang, the Vietnamese Nationalist Party. He was a supporter of colonial reformism, but later disappointed at the empty promises of the colonial regime and became the leader of revolutionary nationalism. Although the Yen-Bai mutiny failed, his successful escape from German police after that tragedy adds another chapter in his heroic deeds. Influenced by Chinese revolutionary Sun Yat-sen, he envisages a democratic republic truly for the people's welfare.§!
Pho Duc Chinh
§YBorn:§! §L1907, in Hung Yen Province, Protectorate of Tonkin, Indochinese Union§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPho Duc Chinh grew up the youngest of four brothers in a family that was likely quite poor, having to move to Bac Giang Province to seek work shortly after he was born. Despite this, he clamoured for an education, excelling at elementary and high school studies before eventually being accepted into Hanoi's \
Bui Quang Chieu
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1873, in Ben Tre Province, Colony of Cochinchina, French Indochina§!
Truong Tu Anh
§YBorn:§! §L1914, in Phu Yen Province, Protectorate of Annam, Indochinese Union§!
Chu Van Tan
§YBorn:§! §LMay 1908, in Lang Son Province, Protectorate of Tonkin, Indochinese Union§!
Tran Tu Binh
§YBorn:§! §LMay 1st, 1907, in Ha Nam Province, Protectorate of Tonkin, Indochinese Union§!
Van Tien Dung
§YBorn:§! §LMay 2nd, 1917, in Ha Dong Province, Protectorate of Tonkin, Indochinese Union§!
Nguyen Son
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 1st, 1908, in Bac Ninh Province, Protectorate of Tonkin, Indochinese Union§!
Nguyen Chi Thanh
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1914, in Thua Thien Province, Protectorate of Annam, Indochinese Union§!
Nguyen Binh
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 30th, 1908, in Hung Yen Province, Protectorate of Tonkin, Indochinese Union§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNguyen Phuong Thao is better known by his nom-de-guerre \
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 30th, 1908, in Hung Yen Province, Protectorate of Tonkin, Indochinese Union§!
Ta Xuan Thu
§YBorn:§! §L1916, in Thai Binh Province, Protectorate of Tonkin, Indochinese Union§!
Tran Van Giang
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 7th, 1924, in Hai Duong Province, Protectorate of Tonkin, Indochinese Union§!
Hoang Van Hoan
§YBorn:§! §L1905, in Nghe An Province, Protectorate of Annam, Indochinese Union§!
Le Hong Phong
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1902, in Nghe An Province, Protectorate of Annam, Indochinese Union§!
Nguyen Duy Thai
§YBorn:§! §L1914, in Haiphong City, Protectorate of Tonkin, Indochinese Union§!
Nguyen Phan Chanh
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 21st, 1892, in Ha Tinh Province, Protectorate of Annam, Indochinese Union§!
Nguyen Van Tao
§YBorn:§! §LMay 20th, 1908, in Cho Lon Province, Colony of Cochinchina, Indochinese Union§!
Ta Quang Buu
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 23rd, 1910, in Nghe An Province, Protectorate of Annam, Indochinese Union§!
Nguyen Thi Nam
§YBorn:§! §L1906, in Hanoi City, Protectorate of Tonkin, Indochinese Union§!
Tran Quoc Hoan
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 23rd, 1916, in Nghe An Province, Protectorate of Annam, Indochinese Union§!
Tran Van Don
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 19th, 1917, in Bordeaux, Gironde, French Republic§!
Truong Boi Cong
§YBorn:§! §L1909, in Ha Dong Province, Protectorate of Tonkin, Indochinese Union§!
Tran Van Tra
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1919, in Quang Ngai Province, Protectorate of Annam, Indochinese Union§!
Nguyen Bat Phat
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Indochinese Union§!
Sisavang Phoulivong
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 14th, 1885, in Luang Prabang, Kingdom of Luang Prabang§!
Souphanouvong
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 13th, 1909, in Luang Prabang, Kingdom of Luang Prabang, Protectorate of Laos, French Indochina§!
Siamese Exile
§LA military leader forced to flee Siam after the disastrous end of its civil war. Their loyalty to the socialist ideals led them to serve the Internationale, perhaps hoping for the slightest chance of freeing Siam from reactionary forces.§!
Power and Virtue
