$WCA_ACW$ Focus Tree
America
American
America
$WCA_syndicalist$
$WCA_syndicalist_DEF$
Workers' Commonwealth of America
the Workers' Commonwealth of America
$WCA_syndicalist$
$WCA_syndicalist_DEF$
Workers' Congress of America
Socialist
the Workers' Congress of America
United Socialist States of America
the United Socialist States of America
$WCA_united_socialist_states_totalist$
$WCA_united_socialist_states_totalist_DEF$
$WCA_united_socialist_states_totalist$
$WCA_united_socialist_states_totalist_DEF$
TUEL
Trade Union Educational League\n§LThe latest and longest lasting of several Syndicalist labour organisations founded by William Z. Foster, the Trade Union Educational League was founded in 1920 from the remnants of Foster’s Syndicalist League of North America and International Trade Union Educational League. Opposed to the Socialist Party’s policies of electoral participation and the IWW’s strategy of dual unionism, the TUEL instead maintains an anti-political ultra-syndicalist approach of \
Socialists (Ind. Unionists)
Socialist Party of America - Industrial Unionist Faction\n§LFounded in 1901, the Socialist Party of America quickly gained traction as the premier socialist political force in the United States. First drawing support from workers, farmers, immigrants, and social reformers, among others, it was soon faced with crisis, as the revolutionary wave of the late 1910s sparked a large factional struggle within the party, between the moderate \
Socialists (Progressives)
Socialist Party of America - Progressive Caucus\n§LFounded in 1901, the Socialist Party of America quickly gained traction as the premier socialist political force in the United States. First drawing support from workers, farmers, immigrants, and social reformers, among others, it was soon faced with crisis, as the revolutionary wave of the late 1910s sparked a large factional struggle within the party, between the moderate \
Farmer-Labor
Farmer-Labor Party\n§LWith the collapse of the old Farmer-Labor Party and the abrupt exit of the SPA from legal politics, those Farmer-Labor politicians who had sided with the revolution yet had still not joined the SPA reconstituted their party in Red territory. Though they remain independent of the SPA, they too have been radicalised by the revolution, now acting more as a progressive farmers’ pressure group than as a political party seriously contesting the rule of the socialists.§!\n
Democrats (Lib.)
Democratic Party - Liberal Faction\n§LThe oldest continually active political party in the world, the Democratic Party was founded over 100 years ago in 1828 by Andrew Jackson and Martin van Buren. Originally an agrarian populist party upholding Jeffersonian principles, it transformed first into a (generally) pro-slavery party, then into agrarian and southern opposition to the Republicans, and then into a western, southern, and increasingly urban party with liberal inclinations.\n\nThe liberal wing of the Democrats, usually associated with the north, follows largely in the legacy of Woodrow Wilson. It is generally supported by urban \
Republicans
Republican Party\n§LFounded in 1854 as a broad tent party opposed to Slave Power, the Republican Party has generally been regarded as the United States’ \
Democrats (Con.)
Democratic Party - Conservative Faction\n§LThe oldest continually active political party in the world, the Democratic Party was founded over 100 years ago in 1828 by Andrew Jackson and Martin van Buren. Originally an agrarian populist party upholding Jeffersonian principles, it transformed first into a (generally) pro-slavery party, then into agrarian and southern opposition to the Republicans, and then into a western, southern, and increasingly urban party with liberal inclinations.\n\nThe conservative wing of the Democrats, usually associated with the south, has been dominant in that region since the end of reconstruction. It is the natural ruling party in most of the south, with nomination tantamount to election. Divided between agrarian reactionaries and more reform-minded moderate conservatives, they are generally opposed to Civil Rights reform and cartelisation of the economy, supporting smaller businesses and landowners.§!\n
Union (Reactionaries)
Union Party - Reactionary Faction\n§LThe newest major party in US politics, the Union Party was recently formed primarily as a vehicle for Huey Long’s bid for the Presidency, when it became clear he would not be able to attain the Democratic nomination. A broad-tent alliance comprising Democrats, reactionaries, and anti-syndicalist Progressives, they are united by little more than their shared opposition to the Smith Administration, and at least a temporary unity behind Long as their leader.\n\nThough traditionally Long’s base of support has been in the midwestern farm states, reactionary and populist southern Democratic leaders such as Eugene Talmadge and Theodore Bilbo have rallied behind Long out of their opposition to Smith. These southern Democrats are united primarily by their belief in white supremacy and disdain for Smith’s particular brand of liberalism. Their unity behind Long however is clearly conditional, and unlikely to last if push comes to shove.§!\n
$USA_paternal_autocrat_party_postwar$
$USA_paternal_autocrat_party_postwar_long$
Union (Populists)
Union Party - Populist Faction\n§LThe newest major party in US politics, the Union Party was recently formed primarily as a vehicle for Huey Long’s bid for the Presidency, when it became clear he would not be able to attain the Democratic nomination. A broad-tent alliance comprising Democrats, reactionaries, and anti-syndicalist Progressives, they are united by little more than their shared opposition to the Smith Administration, and at least a temporary unity behind Long as their leader.\n\nLong’s primary personal base of support has, for most of his career in national politics, been in the western farm states, where his progressive but decentralist economic ideas hold sway. Long has aligned himself with western senators such as Burton Wheeler, who have come out to support his \
TUUL
Trade Union Unity League
$WCA_totalist_party_postwar_long_tt$\n§LInitially formed as the \
CIO
Congress of Industrial Organizations
$WCA_totalist_party_postwar_takeover_long_tt$\n§LFormed in 1929 from former AFL unions dissatisfied with conservative craft union leadership, the Congress of Industrial Organizations was initially conceived as a broad church containing Industrial Unionists too conservative for the IWW and unable to stomach the elitism and conservatism of the AFL. Aligning with the SPA in forming Farmer-Labor, the CIO was crucial in getting the Red government off the ground, and enthusiastically supported revolution in 1937. Revolution brought about transformation however, and the CIO soon radicalised. Earl Browder and William Z. Foster's Trade Union Educational League, a ultra-syndicalist grouping within the CIO, gained more and more prominence, and during the second constitutional convention was able to take over the CIO, completing Foster's dream of \
Socialists
Socialist Party of America
$WCA_syndicalist_party_postwar_long_tt$\n§LFounded in 1901, the Socialist Party of America quickly gained traction as the premier socialist political force in the United States. First drawing support from workers, farmers, immigrants, and social reformers, among others, it was soon faced with crisis, as the revolutionary wave of the late 1910s sparked a large factional struggle within the party, between the moderate \
Commonwealth
American Commonwealth Party
$WCA_radical_socialist_party_postwar_long_tt$\n§LWith the victory of Red forces in the Civil War, it became clear that the relative wartime unity of the SPA was not to last. John Reed’s retirement from active political life meant that the party would soon be bereft of its unifying figure, and soon the infighting which had defined the party in the bad years of the 1920s came roaring back.\n\nThough the constitutional questions were decided on the floor of the convention, the question of power over the party apparatus itself was waged separately. Ultimately, Reed's Industrial Unionist allies maintained their leadership of the SPA, and the moderate followers of Norman Thomas broke off to form the new American Commonwealth Party. The young ACP has defined itself in terms of a responsible revolution, fully supporting the revolutionary transformation of American society while placing emphasis on maintaining civil liberties (even for reactionaries), and opposing a resurgence in militarism. It has become closely aligned with the CIO, which has been sidelined by the new SPA-IWW establishment.§!\n
Romantic Revolutionary
New Founding Father
Herald of the Militant Minority
Freedom Above All
Sewer Socialism
The De Leonist Revival
First Lady of the Revolution
The American Haussmann
The Toiler
Fervent Revolutionary
Cultural Revolutionary
All-Inclusive Socialist
An End to Poverty
Militant Academic
The Red Ruby
The Most Dangerous Man in Detroit
Revolutionary Cartoonist
Peace and Reconciliation
\
Red Guard Commander
§LThis leader, while still inexperienced by normal military standards, has shown skill in commanding the Red Guard militias before the American Civil War. This knowledge should prove valuable.§!
We have discovered the corruption in the naval industry
American Advisors
On the Beach
From the Sky
Great Leap Forward
Leader of the New World
Red Guard Militias
War Measures
General Defense Committee
Office of Strategic Services
Revolutionary Guards
Leading the Revolution
Central Security Bureau
Liberty Ships
Political Officers
Revolutionary NCOs
Industrial Juggernaut
Red Squadrons
Continental Air Force
American People's Navy
Reconstruction Armies
Continental Red Guards
Increased Automotive Production
American Vehicle Industry
Unprofessional Officers
Continental Marines
Central Planning
Decentralised Planning
Foster's Economic Policy
Browder's Economic Policy
Social Revolution
To the Bitter End
240mm Howitzer M1
Butler
Carlson
\n§RThis plan is extremely unpopular in the high command, and many will resign if we go down this path!§!
§RUntil the demobilisation is completed, the workers and the bandits will cause trouble!§!
The Need for Demobilisation
Exporting the Revolution
We have brought about the Revolution in America, but we cannot stop there. We must spread the revolution, particularly in the Americas and help liberate the chains of the Workers.
Invite [FROM.GetNameDef]
Liberate [FROM.GetNameDef]
The syndicalist revolution must spread across the New World, and [WCA.GetNameDef] must be at the forefront of it!
America in the International
As members of the International, it is our duty to contribute to the advance of the World Revolution.
Join the Internationale
Our place within the world order has always been certain. Europe needs us!
Work with [From.GetAdjective] Allies
We should use American know-how to aid our allies in [From.GetNameDef], sending them much-needed equipment and advisors.
Protect the Hawaiian Commune
Protect the Philippines
Economic Development
Industrial Research Expansion
Infrastructural Expansion in [FROM.GetName]
Agricultural Investments in [FROM.GetName]
Industrial Development in [FROM.GetName]
Destroy Reactionary Terrorists
The Revolution has been won, yet a number of reactionary terrorists refuse to lay down their arms. We must deal with them once and for all.
Destroy Loyalist Terrorists
Destroy Longist Terrorists
Rebuilding the Country
The Revolution is over, but without swift action, the wounds torn open by the Second American Civil War will continue to fester and bleed. We must work with haste to build up an egalitarian, equal, and enduring America, from the ruins of the old.
The land of the free and the home of the brave was anything but. We have our work cut out for us in ridding America of corruption, racism, and chauvinism. The first step is to tear up the very core of all these things - the capitalist system itself!
Redistribute Wealth
We will no longer tolerate a social order wherein men who do absolutely nothing useful can amass millions of dollars while millions of proletarians who work all the days of their lives secure barely enough to prolong a wretched existence. The end of the banks, corporations and hoarders is finally here.
Homes for the People
Landlords and real estate tycoons have been a plague upon this nation. Now that they have been cast down or fled the country before our righteous advance, we will expropriate their ill-gotten lands and give them to those in need. Let us lift the poor and starving from their slums!
Emancipation for All
Foolish and vain is the working man who makes the colour of his skin the stepping-stone to his imaginary superiority. Proletarians of all colours and creeds fought and bled together to build our new America. The loyal immigrant shall also be afforded natural-born citizenship in the spirit of emancipation.
Women's Liberation
With the men fighting on the front lines, it fell to the women to run the factories, build the munitions, and feed our revolution! That's to say nothing for the many female nurses, pilots and Red Guard members who gave their all. Their sacrifices and struggles shall not have been in vain; in the new America, women will at last be recognised as truly equal to men.
Revolutionary Education
Academia has been the nurturing mother of many revolutionaries, but the education system itself is still inherently reactionary. Throughout American history, education was designed and reformed to produce more obedient workers, more crooked capitalists, and more heartless politicians. That ends now!
Begin Reconstruction
The Second American Civil War blasted our country to pieces. Large parts of rural America are naught but mud and ashes, while countless cities have been reduced to smouldering rubble. We shall set to work developing new housing and infrastructure as soon as possible.
Deal with the Feds
Although we've firmly dealt with the old American elite, there's still a sizeable popular movement opposing our new regime. We'll need to pacify any remaining counter-revolutionary cells, and make sure to track down every last infiltrator in our midst before we can finally be sure we've won.
Transformative Justice
Since the beginning of the Revolution, we've accumulated an extensive list of political prisoners whom are awaiting trial. Now that the war is over, the time to judge these men has finally come. Although some amongst our leadership believe in rehabilitating these captives, other more radical comrades are eagerly calling for extreme revolutionary justice.
Deal with the Longists
Huey Long's foul crew of reactionary demagogues, heartless industrialists, and tyrannical generals will finally stand trial. Although the Kingfish himself has escaped capture, we'll eagerly dish out a fair punishment to everyone who collaborated with him.
Destroy Jim Crow
Ridding ourselves of the southern terrorists will not just be a matter of military might. We'll need to uproot the bigotry and racism that's plagued America for centuries, and crush Long's cult of personality. Let us make Lincoln proud and bring old Dixie down, once and for all!
Equality for All
The long-fought battle for true liberty looks to be almost over. The old hierarchies and horrors are fading away. Soon the American injustices will be nothing but bitter memories and the stuff of history books.
The Syndicated Public Service
Agitation propaganda cannot reach the millions of Americans that object to an overseas war. The Mormons, Mennonites, Jehovah's Witnesses, and Hutterites that refused to fight in the civil war are now offered an outlet in forestry to aid in reconstruction.
Revisit and Remember American Heroes
The names of Joe Hill, The Haymarket Martyrs, and even Eugene Debs are famous today, but only as the top layer of a long legacy of American Syndicalist heroes. We must undo years of misinformation about these figures through a concentrated propaganda effort, and also begin to teach a new generation about the legacy of the countless brave American heroes who fought for workers' rights.
Second Constitutional Convention
The time has come to take the next step in our revolutionary struggle and find a way to unite the workers of America behind a single cause and ideology. Although our delegates come from a wide variety of unions and communes, we hope for a consensus on the future of our new socialist government. Just as it was over a century ago, Philadelphia shall be the site of a Constitutional Convention!
The Commonwealth of America
The Constitutional Convention has resolved the most immediate pressing matters of government. With the basics decided, we must move onto the policy of the first years of revolutionary normality. The coming months will be decisive for shaping socialist America.
Protect the Working Class
While the workers of America have long striven for a better economic system, one truly designed by, ran by, and for the people, they have been powerless to implement such a system. With our victory in the civil war, we have ample time and opportunity to implement the program of the workers' movement!
Townhall Democracy
The new Commonwealth cannot be built through authoritarian means. We must pursue a better class character for our democracy by passing laws empowering grassroots engagement in workers' councils. Political decisions will no longer be a distant murmur on Capitol Hill; instead, they'll be made right amongst the workers!
Inter-Union Committee
Reforming the capitalist system will be a Herculean task, and it can't merely be wished away with state quotas and economic plans. Congress will now begin assembling local representatives of individual unions in order to determine the best plan for economic growth while protecting professional workers from obsolescence.
Permanent Revolution
Old bourgeois legalism was a tool for the legitimisation of the bourgeois state. With the advent of the epoch of proletarian revolution, it has become obsolete. We shall move towards Congress, the councils, communes, and industrial unions becoming working bodies, both writing legislation and putting it into effect. The separation between executive and legislature shall not exist in the commune.
Enshrine Socialist Democracy
The constitution passed after the civil war was a threadbare document. Syndicalist resistance to formalised rules and procedures left an easily amended document that only outlined the very basics of our government's structure. This is, of course, ripe for abuse. We shall move a number of clarifying amendments to protect our rights and socialist democracy, including the separation of powers abhored by the anarchists
The Ununionized Social Security Act
At the urging of the old-age pension activists, Congress has been compelled to reserve some money for a social security fund for ununionised workers. This value is in keeping with our socialist ideals, and breaks ground in ensuring that workers in unprotected industries receive protection as the unionised already do through their retirement funds.
Central Planning
The experience of the Union of Britain has demonstrated one thing very clearly: planning is the future. The anarchy of production present in capitalism is incapable of returning a war-torn country to stability. Today, even many capitalist states recognise this. The bourgeois dictatorships however are incapable of bringing production under the control of a centralised apparatus. We, however, can and will.
Monopoly On Foreign Trade
Until the world revolution is concluded, trade with capitalist states is an unfortunate inevitability. If we are not careful, such trade may empower what remains of our domestic bourgeoisie. It is thus essential that we establish a state monopoly on foreign trade, both to maximise our bargaining power as well as to ensure the fruits of trade are directed to the benefit of the proletariat.
Worker's Cooperatives
Though our program of central planning is sound, it is obvious that we cannot micromanage every part of the economy. As a stepping stone to the total socialisation of production, small firms shall be transformed into cooperative enterprises, acting under the auspices of higher planning authorities but sharing their income among their members.
Full Employment
Unemployment is a scourge. Not only has it thrown millions of Americans into poverty over the past two decades, it has also resulted in a massive underutilisation of American labour. Though capitalism requires a reserve army of labour to function, we are now freed from this restriction. Our planned economy will aspire towards full employment of every American.
New Planning Districts
America's industrial recovery will require a whole new way of thinking about economic planning. Renovations of existing industry and development of new industry must occur in harmony with one another, rather than in competition. If American industry is to thrive it must support itself as a whole, rather than competing through an anarchic market.
New American Socialism
America has finally left exploitative capitalism behind and is now marching eagerly towards a brighter future. Though the IWW complains of the marginalisation of the unions in our system of planning, they cannot deny that it has returned the country to a state of economic prosperity. Together, the American people look to a brighter tomorrow.
Decentralised Planning
With the end of the rule of the bourgeoisie, the time has come for the proletariat to govern in its own image. As previous socialist experiments have shown, this takes the form of a combination of workers' councils and industrial unions, which will form the basis for a locally planned and managed economy, working towards a commonwealth-wide goal.
Industrial Unionism
The victory of the revolution will not be complete until the principle of industrial unionism is established for all American workers. Accordingly, in sectors that have not already been unionised, we must establish robust industrial unions to represent the workers. Some even talk of such innovations as a housewives union, or elevating the IWW's unemployed organisation to the status of an industrial union.
Worker's Self-Management
The class struggle, as expressed in revolutionary socialism, is the struggle to place the management and control of industry in the hands of the workers through the overthrow of capitalism and its state. Through this, we will achieve what Engels called the administration of things: the state and \
Industrial Democracy
The dictatorship of the workplace rendered bourgeois democracy a farce. With the revolution, the American proletariat stood up to demand control over their own lives and workplaces. To that end, we have formalised the system of shop stewards, factory committees, and other institutions of industrial government that popped up during the civil war. Now, their rights and status will be guaranteed by the commonwealth government.
Agricultural Unions
American agriculture has been treated differently to many other industries, in that we have comparatively little interest in expropriating or collectivising its small producers. The IWW however, now unburdened by state repression, has launched the biggest organising drive in its history in the agricultural sector. Though they may not be collectivised, the farm owners will have to face accountability to labour's law.
Communal Devolution
The revolution has brought forth an awakening of self-sustaining communes in the cities and even counties. These communes cooperate closely with their neighbours and maintain a well-functioning social order. Although this system is nowhere near utopian, it is the first step towards a true worker's paradise!
Protect the Revolution
Maintaining and protecting the spirit of the revolution will be vital in the coming years. We face enormous outside pressure from the reactionary powers around the world, sabotage from dissidents within our own nation, and the strife of factionalism even amongst our leadership. Our will isn't yet broken though, the struggle continues!
General Defense Committee
Entrusting military leadership and the safety our nation to a group of elites can only end poorly. We must ensure that our Commonwealth remains meritocratic and free from corruption, as such Congress has organised a committee of union advisors and military strategists.
Protect Free Speech
The free media and the right to free speech is an unalienable right to the American people. The Court system has reaffirmed the right to free speech in spite of calls for censorship. Let the reactionaries and traitors shout what they will, their treasonous drivel be drowned out by the cries of our comrades celebrating a new age of prosperity!
Committee of Strategic Services
While the General Defense Committee has proven quite effective it has also been criticised as being too open and public. It is a shame to have to conspire in secret from our citizens, but we can at least ensure that this second Congressional Committee will uphold the spirit of the revolution and be closely supervised.
United Socialist States of America
The authoritarian is ascendant, as the petty squabbles of the Constitutional Convention have ended in favour of a strong and centralised syndicalist government. The USSA will show the world that the civil war has done nothing to reduce nations strength and influence, it has merely been redirected to the new revolutionary cause of Syndicalism!
Lead The Revolution
Syndicalist America is a centrist nation, not subject to IWW mob rule or Farmer-Labor backsliding. Thankfully, our loyal Industrial Unions and anti-Judiciary advocates understand this. Making sure that our new Union does not collapse into infighting, reaction will be the first agenda of our new government.
People's Commissars
Already during the civil war, we had many militias, communes and syndicates adopting a system of Political Commissars. These watchful and vigilant citizens kept a close eye on any potential counterrevolutionaries within our ranks. Congress has allowed these commissars under direct state control, and expanded the system nationwide.
Democratic Centralism
The concept of Democratic Centralism where once a decision is made by the Central Committee then it must be followed by those lower within the party and government. A Central Committee over Congress was voted in, and they shall have the final say on policy changes. Only reactionaries and traitors should fear us.
Ban Wall-to-Wall Elections
Despite our centralisation of power, there's still some squabbling amongst Congress. We cannot progress if the IWW, CIO, and all the other acronyms squabble. Don't they realise that unity behind us is the centrist position, and we are the only things keeping the revolution from tearing itself apart. Thus goes the anarchistic wall to wall elections of the IWW.
Dictatorship of the Proletariat
Everything we have achieved so far has been won with violence and force, the bourgeois thought still clinging to America cannot be voted away, it cannot be debated or discussed away, it must simply be destroyed. How else can anything take its place, if we tolerate the past? Their actions are treason, and the Committee the judge.
Foster's Economic Policy
William Foster has managed to successfully push through his radical policies, as outlined in his manifesto, \
Resource Nationalisation
The establishment of a truly American Syndicalist government will require the confiscation of large landed estates in every state of the Union. Including the whole body of forests, mineral deposits, lakes, and so on. No longer will Americans be under the yoke of the bourgeoisie.
Protect Industrial Unions
The Trade Unions perform a very important function within our economy. But they do not of themselves actually lead the production, this being the responsibility of the government economic organs. Our loyal Industrial Unions gladly comply with close local and national supervision from the Party to protect their rights from mob rule.
Green Fields Program
The Committee has approved of the Green Fields Program to the millions of acres of seized land. This is seen by the public as preferable to collectivisation, as it brings back the competitive spirit in land acquisition. This programme places land that was either seized or set aside for state use to the lowest bidder who promises the highest yield.
Socialist Self-Management
The Central Committee will immediately proceed with the difficult task of creating an adequate supply of reliable technicians and managers for the industries. The scattered technical institutes, trade schools, correspondence schools, etc., will be organised, expanded and linked up directly with the industries.
Centralised Syndicalism
The Proletarian revolution initiates changes more rapid and far-reaching than any in the whole history of mankind. The hundreds of millions of workers and peasants, smashing their chains of slavery, will construct a society of liberty and intelligent prosperity. Syndicalism will inaugurate a new era for the human race, the building of a new world.
Browder's Economic Policy
Earl Russell Browder has managed to successfully introduce a series of policies meant to forge a stable, predictable economy. Built mainly on industrial plans and the direct control of several sectors of the economy by the state, through the use of commissariats and quotas. The Committee and the unions in Congress have received it well.
Price Controls
It is characteristic of capitalism that when its economic machinery enters a crisis, the explanation is immediately found not in lack of production, but in overproduction. We shall avoid the tragedy of burning crops we saw during the revolution through Committee-decided price limits and expropriation of unused surplus.
Dismantle the IWW
The IWW, though noble in concept, had the ultimate result of isolating the class-conscious workers from the our leadership of the revolution. Their continued influence threatens not only our rule, but the entire stability of new America. The true constituents of the USSA, the people, see that a non-partisan All-Industrial Congress represents their interests better.
Collective Farms
The State agriculture organisation is now grouped under the Committee's Commissariat of Agriculture, and is formed into trusts for individual crops and geographical divisions of the industry. Crops are sold either directly to the government, to the cooperatives, or, in a very rapidly lessening extent, upon the open local markets.
State Quotas
Introducing quotas makes maximum utilisation of all the productive forces, men and machinery, and constantly raises the level of performance by the systematic application of scientific principles. The Committee has refused the idea of awards for meeting quotes, stating that advancement in the economy should be a reward, not an expectation.
Browder's Anticapitalist Society
Browder's Committee has approved a national plan, which declares a total economic war against the forces of monarchism and reaction. Therefore, industrial decision-making shall be socialised. Exemplar facilities will be observed as schools for uplifting others, while failing facilities will be required to adjust or be liquidated.
Defend the Revolution
All the forces of capital and reaction are conspiring to destroy the new order. We face not just a war of ideals, but a war of bloody sabotage and shady subterfuge, one that must be won at all cost. Traitors in our own midst thankfully can be prosecuted.
Revolutionary Guards
Exercising our new authority in order to crush terrorists, conterrevolutionaries and traitors will require the creation of new, well-structured military and law enforcement agencies, not any wayward Red Guards or crazed vigilantes.
State Media Initiative
The Daily Worker, Hollywood, and now the radio have all been seized by the Artists' Congress by the CC's graces. Under the tutelage of such luminary socialist thinkers such as Hemingway, Welles, and Hughes, all the world will know of the American Socialist revolution.
Create the CSB
In order to defeat the class enemies of the revolution, we have laid the groundwork for a Central Security Bureau, managed directly by the ruling committee. A clandestine security organisation that will always have an iron fist or a dagger in the back ready for counter-revolutionaries.
The Second Continental Army
\
A Gun In Hand
'What more could a man need than a gun? Why a better gun of course!' Massed infantry dominates our army - and we should ensure they are as well-armed as possible.
Uniforms And Grenades
Our forces thus far lack even a standard uniform. By adapting a standard set of combat fatigues as well as producing a set pattern of mortars, grenades and machine guns, we can keep our boys ready for anything.
CIC: Smedley Butler
Former Marine Corps general Smedley Butler has stepped up to lead our armies as Commander in Chief. We wish him luck, and are eagerly looking to his experience and his ideas in the fields of doctrine and war materiel.
Political Officers
Our militiamen are enthusiastic, but they lack an education in the finer points of socialist theory. In order to keep morale up and ensure that more uncertain occupied areas see the benefits of the revolution we intend to create so-called political officers who will be responsible for helping us win hearts and minds.
The Long War
Our earlier optimism may have been misplaced - it seems as though the American Revolution will be lasting much longer than anticipated, and so we must broaden the depth and complexity of our military programme.
Enforce Discipline
One of the increasing problems we are suffering is a lack of organisation and frequent insubordination in our forces, to this end we have re-created the Military Police and intend to crack down on those who disobey orders.
Women's Military Equality Act
As the war continues on, young women join our forces or even mask themselves as men to serve in our military. By allowing them to serve on the front lines, we can show our commitment to equality and the progress of women in the new America.
Roll Out The AO-2
Production of a new battle rifle, based on a design by Auto-Ordnance rejected by the bourgeois military, should be sped along in order to ensure we have top-class weaponry. Our best workers have already started a discussion on improving the production lines for the new rifle.
New European Military Schools
The Army War College in Pennsylvania was closed at the start of the war for its potential to serve as a hotbed of pro-federal sentiment and reaction. Now however we see that there may be some value in making use of its facilities, to educate the officers of the New America.
Reorganise Unit Size
Our Red Guard militia forces have done well to take us this far, but their irregular numbers, often simply based on however many willing men can be found in a given town, hamper their ability in the field. By creating a table of standard unit sizes and uniting different units under command of Armies, we can enforce better interaction of our units in the field.
The Red Dragon
The 240mm Howitzer, nicknamed the \
A Motorised Force
Motorisation is the key to modern armies, with mobile infantry the backbone of an effective force. By ensuring that our combat-ready motors are up to date we can keep our edge in this field.
Redouble Production
The order has come down from the highest authority: every effort is to be made to produce enough material for the revolutionary war and nothing is to be wasted.
Create NCO Field Schools
We shall create Non-Commissioned Officers' Field Schools to allow our unit leaders to be trained and educated by the older generation. Our best commanders who met enemies of syndicalism in battle shall become their teachers.
The Dust Settles
As the revolution comes to a close and victory seems to be in sight, we must now take stock and evaluate the state of the army comprehensively. Already proposals are flurrying about this project or that to enhance our military might.
Red M.A.G.I.C
M.A.G.I.C was the name of a US spying project to decipher Japanese military codes, and its principles can be applied to our own army too, in order to speed the development of electronic warfare.
The Armoured Thrust
Tanks have changed modern warfare. While ossified nations still rely on Weltkrieg tactics, we must look to the future and ensure that our forces have the number of modern vehicles and tanks that can lead us to victory.
Organise Pilots
For some time, our aviation forces have consisted of unorganised pilots who seized their planes or got them from manufacturers directly. This has led to a situation where pilots are freely moving between different sections of the front — usually leaving our forces without air support. This practice must be stopped, and pilots must be organised into squadrons and attached to battle areas.
Create the Continental Air Force
Even before the Second Revolution, it was obvious that the air forces worked better if they were not tied to the ground command. Although our adversaries still rely on old air tactics and organisation, we must move forward and begin organising independent air forces.
The Second Continental Navy
Created at the start of the Second American Revolution, our navy is mostly composed of seized ships, led by ideological comrades as Admirals. In the coming months and years we must make major decisions on the doctrine and philosophy of our new navy. As it is built up from both captured federal ships and brand new ships from our comrades on the dockyards, our navy will soon be a force to be reckoned with.
Red Angels
With the ever growing presence of our air force and ever growing needs of the battlefield, new experimental Air Doctrine has been charted. Innovations presented to us in response to the Hang-glider operations pioneered in Europe by capitalist countries. With many volunteers from the Civil War veterans, the army command has authorised the experiments.
American Air Industry
America is a country in which there have always been the best pilots and the largest aircraft industry in the world. Now, with the advent of the revolution, we have lost air superiority. But confident actions will restore one of America's pride - with the new government-approved plan, we will subsidise our aircraft industry and be ready for battle on American soil or abroad.
Air Force Schools
After the end of the civil war, we got a lot of experienced aces who can train the pilots and aces of the next generation and will create the theory of modern air war. The creation of special flight schools under the command of the Continental Air Force will organise this process.
Continental Air Command
Most of our military experts propose the creation of a Continental Air Command, which will unite our air forces in a single whole. This will separate them from the army command and give more freedom in action. Although this step has its advantages, it is definitely not supported by people who consider this a return to U.S. centralisation policies.
State Air Forces
While some members of the government suggest the Air Force be subordinate to the central command - the first intention was to decentralise the Air Force and create their branches at the states' level. Although this will limit our ability to train pilots for long-distance flights, they will be more effective in supporting the troops with which they will share training even in peacetime.
Wings of the Revolution
In time of the Second Revolution pilots, who put their lives on the line for those who have come after them, made a great sacrifice so that the people of America will be the first in the air. Now when we have returned our aviation industry to the pre-war level and trained our pilots to mastery that can never be reached by capitalist countries, we are ready to protect workers in all parts of the world.
Professionalise the Continental Army
Despite the opposition of some political circles to this step, our high command has a plan to professionalise our militias and turn them into a proper army. Although our lower-level commanders and some militias are concerned about this step and look at it as a return to pre-revolutionary times, this will definitely improve the effectiveness of our soldiers and command.
States' Red Guards
Most of our political apparatus insists on the creation of state militias who will submit to the central command only in wartime. Although the proposed plan is close to the pre-war organisation of the US Army, there is a big difference - since any militias will be subordinate only to the local state's army command - and which, in turn, will be subordinate to the central command.
Distribution of Duties
While our the State Army Commands will plan the battles, our central command should concentrate its efforts on planning entire campaigns, supply lines and interaction between the armies of different states. This will allow us to quickly and efficiently solve any problems that the army may encounter in the war and defend the Second Revolution from reactionaries.
Armies of the States
After the new army reform, we decided to organise separate State Armies that will be responsible for training our soldiers, for their equipment and commanding them on the battlefields. Although this has led to great zeal and the arrival of a huge number of recruits in our new armies, we need to set minimum standards for them.
American Red Guard Corps
The reforms were successful, but a decentralised army cannot quickly respond to some problems on the battlefields without the force that will be directly subordinated to our high command. The Department of the Commander-in-Chief has already proposed the creation of the American Red Guard Corps, which will be under the direct supervision of the headquarters of the Continental Army.
Revolutionary Naval Industry
The superiority of the old U.S fleet was not only in our commanders, but also in Fleet size. Although we still do not have as many shipyards and factories as the United States had before the war, we can focus on specific ships and simplify production.
New American Dockyards
Most shipyards were damaged or lost their workers during the Second Revolution. The restoration of the old and the reform of the present naval facilities will be the second step towards the restoration of the American Navy. Competitions of new ships have already begun and will help us not only recreate the American Navy, but also get rid of old designs that proved to be ineffective.
American Maritime Industry
Most shipyards were damaged or lost their workers during the Second Revolution. The restoration of the old and the reform of the present naval facilities will be the second step towards the restoration of the American Navy. Competitions of new ships have already begun and will help us not only recreate the American Navy, but also get rid of old designs that proved to be ineffective.
New Naval Plan
With the victory in the Civil War, the American fleet was harshly damaged - many officers and sailors joined the reactionary forces and fought against the will of the people. In the end, when they were defeated, they damaged and destroyed their ships. Our oldest naval commanders propose starting the restoration of the American fleet to its former status.
With the Civil War over, some politicians say that our current need is to protect the American people. The idea was proposed to reintroduce the old American naval doctrine - but an additional proposal was made by former members of the Naval Militia who joined our side - creation of a new American Navy based on states' command, which would unite under leadership of the central command only in wartime.
Refit Old Ships
Our fleet mainly consists of old ships that date from the beginning of the 20th century or even the end of the 19th century. During the Civil War, our captains and engineers already began installing custom modifications on ships. Some of them have developed plans and equipment to improve the conversion of our ships to modern standards.
Liberty Ships
Our dockyard has at last switched to a new model of production. We can easily produce a massive number of convoys to supply our allies around the world.
Revolution on the High Seas
The old federal fleet was limited to 'naval traditions' that did not allow them to see that aircraft carriers would rule the oceans in the future. Although our oldest admirals are still inclined to the idea of 'big guns and armour', they agreed that the aircraft was very effective against enemy ships. We need to ensure that the new American Navy receives air support when it is needed in any part of the world.
Recreate the Continental Marines
In the past, the Continental Marine Corps proudly fought against the British oppressors. Many of the soldiers of its successor, the U. S. Marine Corps, under the command of Smedley Butler, joined us when we met with the capitalists in the Second Revolutionary War. With recreation of the navy, we need to be sure that we organise and train forces that can meet with other enemies of the Revolution abroad.
Navy of a New Age
The second revolution almost destroyed the navy, and none of us expected that we could recreate the old American fleet. But it was restored - perhaps not in the same quantity and form, but now the old ships have been replaced by new ones. Without the old biased admirals, naval tactics have been modernised. And now the New American Navy is ready to defend freedom in America - or around the world.
Armour Development
The role of armour was neglected by the old America, and now we must make great strides in very little time to update our forces. With the experience that we gained in the Civil War and handed over to our engineers, we already have several proposals for creating a modern tank.
Armoured Vehicle Industry
The Civil War forced us to rely on motorised units and proved their effectiveness. But it also showed that motorised infantry needed more armoured vehicles which could protect them on the battlefield from enemy bullets and shells.
Anti-Tank Production
Enemy armour is worthless when faced with high ordnance and dedicated anti-tank units that can smash them to pieces. Unlike tanks, we can attach anti-tank guns to our units and produce them in greater numbers.
Continental Red Army
Our army needs only the best soldiers. For this purpose, the local Red Guards will be transformed into our reserve forces, which will be drafted into the army in case of war. Already trained by army standards, with the same equipment - they can replenish our army if necessary. But this also means that we must raise our standards for the Red Guard.
Increase Military Spending
The Civil War devastated the American Civilian industry, but has made the Military Industry quite a profitable enterprise. While the Civil war may be over, America still has enemies to fight and wars to win, and as such keeping the Civil War military spending and expanding upon it is on our best interests.
Defense Logistics Agency
America is an enormous country, full of varied terrain. We need to create a centralised logistics board able to coordinate warfare across the varied biomes of America.
Always Ready, Always There
Our New Army has come a long way from inexperienced militias to true fighting force with an American spirit in their hearts. With the final reforms, we need to adopt the motto of the old colonial forces. This motto will show that our army is always ready to fight for the workers, always ready to defend the Second Revolution.
Red Ball Express
Use of the term \
The Next Step
With victory having been achieved, America is now at the forefront of the syndicalist revolution. The question is: where do we go next?
Good Syndicalist Soldier
Our place is next to our brothers in Europe - we must help them, and through their victory help syndicalism spread to the rest of the world.
American Aid
American expertise must be put to the disposal of our allies - or, at least, the enemies of our enemies. If they fight better, then together, we stand a chance at victory.
On the Beach
Our enemies must fear American soldiers landing on their shores, and to that end we must work to ensure that we have the skill and power to take advantage of our longer reach.
From the Sky
Our greatest chance at projecting power across the oceans is through the use of air power - we can aid our allies best by helping them achieve air superiority, and through that control over the battlefield.
Great Leap Forward
With our efforts consolidated and our focus clear, together Americans can leap forward into the coming century - well ahead of the rest of the world.
The World Revolution
Now our nation can stand tall, knowing we have done our utmost to spread the syndicalist revolution across the globe - glory to America and workers everywhere!
Free the New World
Our place is not in the Old World, but in the New. Our focus should be on achieving dominance in North and South America, and standing tall as an independent syndicalist power, rather than acting as subservient partners to the Europeans.
Friendship with Mexico
Mexico is a friendly power, and one we would do well to approach with a treaty of friendship and cooperation. We should work out any remaining land disputes, and find a way to better trade and military cooperation, so that we can co-exist in North America peacefully.
War Plan Green
This has been coming for a long time - the Mexican state must fall, and its workers granted the same freedom we have achieved for ourselves.
War Plan Red
Now our eyes must turn north to the British - it is time for Canada to fall.
Look to the South
With dominance achieved over Canada and Mexico, our eyes can cast southward to the rest of North and South America. Those countries who have not become part of the revolution should be dealt with at once.
Master of the West
We have achieved our goal: America stands tall on its own, masters of the New World and free from the chains of capitalist domination. Regardless of what happens in Europe and elsewhere, we will know that the West, at least, has fought for its freedom and been granted victory.
§MNorman Mattoon Thomas§! / §MElizabeth Gurley Flynn§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$ / $syndicalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Start the focus §YSecond Constitutional Convention§! and select all the options that favour the syndicalists or radical socialists.\n£white_dot You will be able to elect Elizabeth Flynn of the §rSocialist Party§! or Norman Thomas of the §RCommonwealth Party§! and at the end of the focus.\n\n§MEarl Russell Browder§! / §MWilliam Edward Foster§! ($totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Start the focus §YSecond Constitutional Convention§! and select all the options that favour the totalists.\n£white_dot You will be able to elect Earl Browder or William Foster at the end of the focus.\n\n§MButler Coup§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$ / $syndicalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Follow the steps to have the totalists in power.\n£white_dot Complete the focus §YDemocratic Centralism§!.\n£white_dot Around 3 months later, an event about restructuring the army will appear, choose to leave the army as it is.\n£white_dot Around 4 months later, General Smedley Butler will attempt to coup the government to restore democracy, have his forces capture the Citadel to succeed. 40 days later you will be able to choose Elizabeth Flynn or Norman Thomas as the new president.\n §CNote§!: If Smedley Butler has died or retire from the army, Evans Carlson will carry out the coup instead.\n\n§MForeign Policy§!\n£white_dot §MThird Internationale§!: Win the civil war and complete the focus \
§YTotalists§! gain an edge at the convention.\n
§YSyndicalists§! gain an edge at the convention.\n
§YRadical Socialists§! gain an edge at the convention.\n
Colt Arms Syndicate
Detroit Arsenal
Earl Russell Browder
§YBorn:§! §LMay 20th, 1891, in Wichita, Kansas, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBrowder became a committed socialist at age 16. His allegiance to socialism was unshakable, and through an early friendship with William Foster, he became a syndicalist. As the years passed, the two men began to drift apart. While Foster favoured an authoritarian form of syndicalism, Browder began to see more and more limits with the movement. The American revolution has according to him, proven that the same beliefs and strategies used in Europe cannot be applied to America. His new economic policy has been built with inspiration from Maximism, as well as plenty of original thought. Browder also intends to end the persistent trend of anarchism in Congress, and to pursue lecherous ultra-radical elements within the socialist state. Browder has never abandoned the CIO, but with his new authoritarian position he intends to ensure that the CIO will never abandon him.§!
William Edward Foster
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 25th, 1881, in Taunton, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA radical labour organiser who spearheaded the syndicalist movement in America, William Foster has practically become a legend on the American left. His leadership in the strikes of the early 20th century and his commitment to seeing the Congress of Industrial Organizations adopt Syndicalist policies has cemented him as one of its chief ideologues. His famous manifesto, \
John Silas Reed
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 22nd, 1887, in Portland, Oregon, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAs the United States crashed into flame and a Syndicalist revolution grew in the Steel Belt, at its forefront stood John Silas Reed - a writer, a trade unionist, a journalist and a Senator, if not more. Born to a business family on the West Coast, he lived an unassuming upper-class life until studies in Harvard, where he, coming into contact with socialist clubs and literature, came to realise that there is a world beyond the dull halls of college, and that world suffered constant hardship. Despite being in poor health from birth, Reed chose a traveller's life, working as a common labourer to make a living and travel from nation to nation, and gaining fame as a war correspondent.\n\nWhat earned him more fame, however, was his involvement in the great revolutions of the period. The first he witnessed was the Mexican one as early as 1913, then the Russian one, in 1917, which he worked for devoutly and which consolidated his revolutionary socialist beliefs. It was during this time period that he wrote the 10 Days That Shook the World, his most famous work. In 1918, he returned to America, but was no longer welcome by America and its anti-sedition acts, so a year later, he fled again - this time to France, to a new, brewing revolution, and unlike the Russian one, actually successful. Fighting alongside the French Syndicalists dictated Reed a goal in life - to import this success to America, to have it be the next to come, and with America's unfathomable industrial might, bring forth a world revolution.\n\nA long time has passed since then, and Reed has achieved far - he has helped orchestrate the union of American socialists into one united front, served as a Senator, as a Presidential candidate, and has finally called the Steel Belt to revolution. However, his goal remains the same - to be the next great revolutionary, to be the same figure greater than life which the lowly war correspondent from twenty years ago would write about.§!
Elizabeth Gurley Flynn
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 7th, 1890, in Concord, New Hampshire, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAt a dusty underground socialist club in Harlem, Elizabeth Flynn's life as an advocate began. An early organiser for the IWW in New Jersey, Flynn felt the blunt of the political wrath against forming trade unions, and was arrested ten times. Flynn helped found the ACLU, which organised legal defence for strikers in the days before the International Labor Defense. In the leadup to the civil war, Flynn helped organise the longshoremen strike of the West Coast. Flynn's wartime speeches to the Central Committee to encourage conscription made her stand out to the numerous conscientious objectors in the Committee. Ultimately Flynn was elected to lead America as a shocking dark horse candidate. Some thought it absurd that a woman would stand at the forefront of the revolution, but the rebel girl herself had been at the spearhead all along, fighting since the founding of the IWW and now ready to build up a socialist America of her dreams.§!
Daniel Webster Hoan
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 12th, 1881, in Waukesha, Wisconsin, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDaniel Webster Hoan is one of the enduring figures of the American left. Hoan enrolled in the University of Wisconsin and swiftly laid out the foundation for the university's Socialist Club, back when it had a mere four members. Hoan was admitted to the state bar in 1908 and moved to Milwaukee, where he began working with Victor Berger, editor of The Milwaukee Leader, in advocating for radical reforms to the city: public ownership of utilities, urban development programs, free legal, medical, and educational services, and other policies widely unheard of in most of the country. In 1916, Hoan was elected mayor, the second Socialist to hold that office. As mayor, Hoan codified what is sometimes called 'constructive socialism', emphasising practical reforms over haughty revolutionary ideals - some more itinerant socialists derisively called the Milwaukee branch members 'sewer socialists' for their constant touting of their city's sewer system.\n\nHoan's constructive socialism led him to side with Berger in the factional conflict of 1920. With Berger and the rest of the losing side of that dispute, Hoan entered the breakaway Social Democratic Party, which later reformed itself into the Social Democratic Federation. What followed was years of intermittent conflict between party loyalists and the SDF in Milwaukee, which led to Hoan intermittently losing the mayorship. Berger's death however gave Hoan control over the Milwaukee SDF, and through Farmer-Labor he reconciled with the Socialists to a limited degree.\n\nWhen the Civil War came, Hoan did not hesitate to align his city with the revolutionary government. Decidedly on the left end of the SDF, Hoan's ties to Norman Thomas' \
Eric Hass
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 4th, 1905, in Lincoln, Nebraska, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA native of the state of Nebraska, Eric Hass attended public school and, for a time, was a student at the University of Nebraska. Reaching his adult years just at the onset of the Great Depression, he struggled to make a living, and worked whatever odd jobs he could find. While working as an advertising salesman in 1928, Hass came into contact with the Socialist Party, which he soon joined, as did many in his generation. Soon however, Hass found himself in a very particular circle of socialists: the Industial Labor Group, the rump of the old Socialist Labor Party of Daniel De Leon, which had merged into the SPA in 1918. Though the ILG was aligned with the reigning Industrial Unionist faction of the SPA, they were generally considered a group of has beens.\n\nHass however soon endevoured to revive the group's fortunes. An energetic organiser, he brought a spirit of youth and creativity to the ILG headquarters. When he was elected editor of the ILG newspaper, the Weekly People, he successfully returned it to a daily format by 1936. Under the patronage of former SLPer Louis C. Fraina, the ILG regained influence, and De Leonist views became more and more explicitly mainstream.\n\nNow, with Hass' election to the presidency, De Leonism has returned in force. No longer is it only influential by proxy and by its sympathetic apostates like Fraina. Now, it is a leading tendency in American socialism, and headed by the young Turk Hass, it flourishes§!
Anna Eleanor Roosevelt
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 11th, 1884, in New York City, New York, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAt first glance, Anna Eleanor Roosevelt as the leader of a Syndicalist revolution seems to be a paradox. Born and raised as a socialite in the wealthy and influential Roosevelt family, she was not with the $WCA_ACW$ when the revolution began, remaining in New England and hoping until the last moment that a peace could be found. While supportive of the workers' struggle, her revolutionary credentials are lacking, and she hardly fits the image of the jumped-up union boss that many associate with our young nation's leadership. Her opponents insist that these appearances are not deceiving - diehard supporters of the revolution call her a Trojan horse for the bourgeoisie, while opponents of the new government decry her as a laughable attempt by the socialists to convince the American people that they aren't bloodthirsty tyrants.\n\nAnd yet, when one considers it, the logic becomes a bit more clear. The triumph of the $WCA_ACW$ created a problem for both the old American elite and the new revolutionary government: the former had been defeated and left ostracised in the new America, while the latter was faced with a population that was and is reluctant to trust them. In Roosevelt, the Socialist Party saw a solution to both - a reconciliatory figure that might unite the supporters of the revolution with feminists, African-Americans, and reformists and ease the reintegration of old elites into society. Whether this controversial plan will work remains to be seen, but what is certain is that with her ascent to the presidency, America will yet again never be the same.§!
Frank Paul Zeidler
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 12th, 1912, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrank Paul Zeidler has spent much of his life in poor health - an unfortunate reality that prevented him from completing his studies. Perhaps because of this, Zeidler was drawn to socialism from a young age - growing up in the throes of the Great Depression, Zeidler read extensively from left-wing writers like Norman Thomas and Eugene V. Debs. When asked about his reasons for supporting socialism in 1933, Zeidler cited the tenets of international brotherhood, the struggle for peace, equal distribution of goods, cooperation, and democratic planning. He would become active in the Socialist Party of America's youth wing, the Young People's Socialist League, and shortly before the civil war became the head of the Milwaukee branch of the Red Falcons, another SPA organisation aimed at educating children. Frank was aided in his activist work by his brother, Carl Zeidler, who would go on to volunteer for the navy of the $WCA_ACW$, only to die in the effort.\n\nDespite his perpetual sickly health and the untimely death of his brother, Zeidler did what he could to support the socialist war effort on the home front, and attended the constitutional convention as an ally of the libertarian socialist \
Elmer Thompson Allison
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 5th, 1883, in Houstonia, Missouri, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA self-taught radical from Missouri, Elmer Allison was a founding member of both the Socialist Party of America and the IWW. He was a leading figure in the SPA's radical Washington affiliate, spending much of his life either working in the local cedar mills or atop a soapbox in the streets of Seattle. A series of raids and near arrests by the Department of Justice saw him go underground, but he remerged as a political figure when he helped lead the brief rebellion known as the Seattle Commune in 1923. During the Commune's existence he met John Reed, striking up a friendship with the famed journalist and following him to New York City. There he was a major figure in running Reed's numerous political campaigns and leading the SPA's entry into mainstream politics. Following the revolution, his close comradeship to Reed and his zealous socialist beliefs has made him an obvious candidate for the presidency. A candidacy he gladly pursued!§!
James Patrick Cannon
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 11th, 1890, in Rosedale, Kansas, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPersonally mentored by Big Bill Haywood and well-versed in the struggles of the American left, James Cannon became an unshakable presence within the Socialist Party of America. Although initially a fanatic adherent to Bolshevism, the failure of the Russian Revolution contrasted with the triumph of the French syndicalists caused Cannon to adopt a more libertarian view on socialism. As a formal representative of the SPA, he spent much time abroad in France and Britain, before returning to America after the outbreak of the civil war. Helping to organise foreign volunteers and the Internationale's advisors, he cemented his reliability as a brilliant administrator. With the war won, Cannon immediately began to build the momentum needed to run for President, and has now finally fulfilled his ambition!§!
Louis Fraina
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 7th, 1892, in Campagna, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn as Luigi Carlo Fraina in southern Italy, Fraina immigrated to the United States at the age of 6, anglicising his name to Louis on his arrival. Fraina's father was an Italian radical republican, and his death prevented Fraina from completing his secondary education, as the young man had to obtain a full-time job to support his family. Instead, Fraina pursued forms of self-education, engrossing himself in radical and freethinking literature. In 1909, he published his first essay. By 1910, he was a prolific writer for the Daily People, the newspaper of Daniel De Leon's Socialist Labor Party.\n\nThough Fraina had briefly been a member of the Socialist Party, the SLP was where he developed his ideas more fully. Embracing De Leon's views on revolutionary industrial unionism, Fraina became a more prolific writer for the Daily People than De Leon himself. He covered the Lawrence Textile Strike, a heroic moment in labour history which left its mark on Fraina. Though he left the SLP in 1914, he continued his carreer in radical journalism, writing for avant garde cultural publications, developing ideas of socialist cultural modernism.\n\nThe growth in the left-wing of the Socialist Party from 1917 brought Fraina back into that organisation. A co-author of the Left-Wing Manifesto of 1919, Fraina wrote that \
Norman Mattoon Thomas
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 20th, 1884, in Marion, Ohio, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNorman Thomas has seen the lows and the highs of social stature, and remained dedicated to socialism the entire way through from newspaper boy to Princeton magna cum laude to conscientious objector. Prior to the civil war he had served as New York City's mayor and John Reed's vice-presidential candidate. Thomas pivoted his pacifism during the war into advocacy for socialists living in the Federal lands to resist conscription. After the war, he used his learned experience and close friendship to John Reed, preaching on behalf of the Progressives to lead the democratic socialists to victory in the Second Constitutional Convention. With a heart of gold and unshakable morals, Norman Thomas has ascended to the presidency.§!
Upton Beall Sinclair Jr.
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 20th, 1878, in Baltimore, Maryland, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LUpton Sinclair was an aspiring author from an early age. In his teens he wrote pulp magazines and poetry to make a living, eventually moving into investigative journalism. His moment in the spotlight came after he spent seven weeks disguised as a worker in Chicago's meatpacking plants, drafting a political expose on the poor labour conditions of the plants. Although Sinclair had hoped to rally the country behind the worker's cause, he instead merely exposed the lack of hygiene in the meatpacking industry; in response to this reaction, he declared \
Maynard Krueger
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 16th, 1906, in Alexandria, Missouri, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn on a farm near Alexandria, Missouri, from a young age Maynard Krueger distinguished himself academically. A gifted student, Krueger completed his high school work at the age of 15. At the University of Missouri, he received a Bachelor of Arts in 1926 and a Master's degree in 1927. Academia was his calling, and while he was an instructor at the University of Pennsylvania he spent time at universities in Paris, Berlin, and Geneva. Paris in particular was important in bringing the leftist Krueger in contact with the worldwide socialist movement, and he made many lasting contacts there.\n\nHis acceptance of a position at the University of Chicago as an assistant professor also marked Krueger's increasing involvement in politics. A member of the Socialist Party, Krueger was part of the growing \
Benjamin Gitlow
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 22nd, 1891, in Elizabethport, New Jersey, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBenjamin Gitlow was a child of Jewish immigrants from the Russian Empire. Growing up in a family of radicals, he often heard stories of the exploits of Russian socialists, and he was familiar with socialist ideas from a young age. As he worked as a retail clerk while studying law, he helped organise the Retail Clerks Union, political activity for which he was discharged from his job and blacklisted by the Merchants' Association.\n\nAfter being blacklisted from the retail sales industry, he worked briefly as a garmant cutter before entering the world of radical journalism. A member of the Socialist Party of America from the moment he turned 18, in 1919 he immediately gravitated towards the party's emerging left-wing. With Louis C. Fraina and Charles Ruthenberg he co-authored the Left-Wing Manifesto of 1919, and soon struck up a lifelong friendship with John Reed. Eventually, he became the business manager of The Revolutionary Age, the publication of the left-wing and later the party as a whole.\n\nAfter the left-wing captured the party, Gitlow was elected to the New York State Assembly. Balancing his duties as a parliamentarian and prominent party administrator, Gitlow combined legal and illegal work. The Red Scare during the British Revolution was a moment of crisis for the party. The New York legislature's failure to expel Gitlow and his fellow partisans marked its end, and the Socialist Party's victory.\n\nIn the period prior to the revolution, Gitlow alternated between running for several offices, including governor, senate, state house, and the federal house. He also remained close to Reed, becoming perhaps his closest confidant in the party. For this, he was entrusted with command of the revolutionary government's security forces, working to suppress reactionary resistance, and working with Jay Lovestone's intelligence services to ferment revolutionary sentiment in areas not controlled by the Reds.\n\nNow that Gitlow has returned Reed's party to power, he is determined to uphold the legacy of his friend and comrade. A principled yet often authoritarian revolutionary, Gitlow will give no quarter to enemies of the revolution, and aims to ensure Socialist Party dominance in the years to come.§!
Walter Philip Reuther
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 1st, 1907, in Wheeling, West Virginia, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOne of the Socialist Party's brightest young stars, Walter Phillip Reuther has fought tooth-and-nail for the emancipation of the working classes for his whole life. The second son in a family of German-American socialist immigrants, Reuther grew up in the midst of the vicious struggle waged by the Socialist Party for workers' liberty; one of his most formative experiences was a meeting with the famous Socialist presidential candidate Eugene V. Debs, during his last campaign for the presidency in 1920. From the age of 19, Reuther organised and worked in Detroit, his impressive technical skill securing for himself a life-long profession as a tool and die maker. From 1932, as an official representative of the Socialist Party, Reuther spent time working in the factories of Britain and France, where he saw firsthand the power of syndicalist organisation. His skilled leadership as head of United Auto Workers Local 174 saw him quickly propelled to the union's higher elected positions; in 1936 he became famous nationwide for the 'Battle of the Overpass', where Ford thugs crossed the picket line to beat him nearly to death.\n\nStill, Reuther has never relented. Elected chairman of the Detroit Commune during the outbreak of the Revolution, Reuther played an important role in organising production across the entirety of the vital Steel Belt. He made a name for himself postwar after he aligned himself with Norman Thomas' Commonwealth Party - a strong supporter of a robust socialist state, workplace democracy, and the massive expansion of Civil Rights.§!
Robert Berkeley Minor
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 15th, 1884, in San Antonio, Texas, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRobert Minor was born into well respected Texas family lines. On his father's side was General John Minor, Thomas Jefferson's campaign manager. On his mother's side was Sam Houston, President of Texas. His father would be elected as a judge, while his maternal grandfather was a doctor. In spite of this, Minor's family struggled financially, and he was only able to go to school for four years before needing to get a job.\n\nAfter working a variety of jobs, Minor was hired as an assistant stereotypist and handyman at the San Antonio Gazette. There, he developed his artistic skills, and emerged as a respected political cartoonist. Moving to St. Louis to work for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Minor became regarded as one of the best political cartoonists in the country. By 1911, he was the highest paid cartoonist in the United States. Moving to France to study art, he found the experience unsatisfying, and returned in 1914 just before the outbreak of war in Europe.\n\nPolitically, Minor joined the Socialist Party in 1907 before moving towards anarchism in 1912. An advocate for revolutionary industrial unionism, he lost work because of his refusal to draw pro-war cartoons. In 1915, he moved to the Socialist Party's New York Call, and began drawing for Max Eastman's radical monthly The Masses. The Call sent Minor to Europe in 1918 as a war correspondant, where he visited Soviet Russia, Germany, and France, where he witnessed the 1919 Revolution. These experiences returned Minor to the realm of party socialism, and he became more involved in the radicalising SPA.\n\nThrough the 1920s and early 1930s, Minor got into the good graces of the Industrial Unionist faction which dominated the party. He served as a delegate to the Third International, and ran for several offices in New York. Now transformed into a loyal party cadre, Minor served in several administrative roles both during and after the Revolution, and was elected to the presidency as a largely inoffensive compromise candidate. Nevertheless, he is committed to industrial unionism and America's role in the international revolution, and will seek to fully commit the Commonwealth to the good fight.§!
Asa Philip Randolph
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1889, in Crescent City, Florida, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA. Philip Randolph was born to a minister father and a seamstress mother. As a child growing up in Jacksonville, Randolph learned the importance of character over skin colour from the former, and the importance of education and defending oneself from the latter - he would later vividly recall a night from his youth where his mother sat in the front room of his house with a loaded shotgun, while his father took a pistol and left to prevent a man from being lynched at the county jail. A gifted student, Randolph enrolled in the Cookman Institute - then the only high school in Florida for African-Americans - before being forced by employment segregation to move to New York City to study at City College. After a short attempt at theatre, Randolph became increasingly familiar with socialism, determining that people could only be free if not subjected to economic deprivation - with this in mind, Randolph began his civil rights career by establishing an employment office in Harlem aimed at providing work training to southern migrants. Randolph, along with his partner Chandler Owens and the aid of the Socialist Party of America, founded 'The Messenger', a radical magazine calling for African-Americans to organise and fight for an integrated society. Randolph also developed strong union credentials, most famously organising the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters to address the deplorable working conditions of the primarily African-American industry.\n\nAlthough Randolph was somewhat hesitant to embrace the cause of revolution by force, he, like many others, was left with little choice as civil war broke out regardless. During and after the war, Randolph continued to concern himself with the needs of African-Americans as he always had, shifting his focus to union discrimination - arguing that the destruction of the colour barrier is a necessary component of a socialist America. For his efforts, he was picked as the Socialist Party's nominee for president - and with his election, President Randolph has become the first African-American to lead America, providing hope to many that the days of racial inequality might, at long last, be drawing to a close.§!
Revolutionary Workers' Congress
§YFounded:§! §LMarch 25th, 1937, in Chicago, Illnois, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHeeding John Reed's call for revolution, an assembly of dedicated proletarian tribunes has been assembled. Though they lack the wealth and connections of the United States Congress they supplant, members retain a dedication to serving their constituents.§!
Dorothy Day
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1897, in Brooklyn, New York, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LInspired by Upton Sinclair's The Jungle, Dorothy Day has devoted her life emancipating the poor. She founded the Catholic Workers Movement to combine her religious and political attitudes with charity. She strongly opposes the Integralist movement and motivates American Catholics to reject it.§!
Paul Leroy Robeson
§YBorn:§! §LApril 9th, 1898, in Princeton, New Jersey, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGraduating in law but failing to gain employment due to his race, Paul Robeson's first career was on the stage. As a singer and actor, he starred in Broadway plays like Emperor Jones, and was inspired to infuse politics with his acting. Hollywood studios constrained his acting and musical roles, leading him to the underground syndicalist media. Robeson has also invited socialist artists from Europe to come to America and start an artistic revolution free of censorship. His rich bass voice is tireless in its calls for equality.§!
Whittaker Chambers
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1901, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhittaker Chambers got his start in collegiate drama, where he came into contact with student syndicalists. Chambers worked with European syndicalists to bring their art to America. Syndicalist revolutionaries see Chambers as an effective communicator and mediator knowledgable in the American populist tradition.§!
Alger Hiss
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 11th, 1904, in Baltimore, Maryland, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHiss's early career in law brought him towards the liberal and interventionist policies of Robert Wagner. After being promoted to the State Department, Hiss became infatuated with syndicalism. Hiss attempted to utilise syndicalist rhetoric to attack the establishment parties for their failure to prevent recessions. Eventually, revolutionary syndicalists convinced him to abandon Wagner and the State Department and begin fully working for the them.§!
James William Ford
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 22nd, 1893, in Pratt City, Alabama, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFord is a lifelong champion of desegregation and worker rights. From his early days working as a machinist while attending Fisk University, Ford forged ties that cut across economic and racial barriers. Ford was employed by Earl Browder as a representative for the Totalist Charter in France, giving his insight into how the Third Internationale can correct the mistakes of previous regimes and treat all ethnicities with human dignity.§!
Angelo Braxton Herndon
§YBorn:§! §LMay 6th, 1913, in Wyoming, Ohio, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a poor African-American family, Herndon suffered from racial discrimination growing up. At the age of 14, he opted to leave school and work in the mines of Kentucky. In three years time, he was working in Birmingham, Alabama for the Tennessee Coal, Iron, and Railroad Company. After being given the Communist Manifesto by the Unemployed Councils, a group affiliated with the SPA, Herndon became interested in the cause of labour reform, racial equality, and class conflict.\n\nAs a socialist activist for the Unemployed Councils, Herndon went to Georgia to organise labour. Herndon alarmed officials in Georgia for recruiting both white and black workers to demonstrate as a united front, and he was arrested for insurrection again and held for six months. Although the state prosecutors wanted to charge him with the Death Penalty due to possession of socialist literature, his defence whittled down his sentence to 20 years of hard labour on the chain gang.\n\nOn December 7th, 1935, his conviction was overturned by the state court and he was released on bail. He spent the year of 1936 touring the country to promote his case, which was heading towards the Supreme Court. Ultimately, the Supreme Court did not have a chance to view his case, as the United States erupted into the 2nd American Civil War in early 1937. A staunch socialist and labour organiser, Herndon operates now in Chicago to continue his fight for labour and racial equality.§!
Ernest Miller Hemingway
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 21st, 1899, in Oak Park, Illinois, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LErnest Hemingway served as a reporter during the Weltkrieg, eventually becoming a multitalented writer. Time spent in France after the war convinced Hemingway of the socialist cause. While vacationing in Spain, Hemingway was witness to the arranged murder of Jose Robles, a dissident friend of his. Upon finding out that the French government was complicit in the murder, Hemingway was galvanised in favour of a more radical authoritarian socialist system that wasn't reduced to dishonourable acts like what he witnessed.§!
Ralph Hosea Chaplin
§YBorn:§! §L1887, in Ames, Kansas, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRalph Chaplin was active in syndicalist causes since age seven, when he saw a man shot during the Pullman Strike. in Mexico, Chaplin joined the Zapatistas, and in West Virginia he was the first to sing \
Harry Dexter White
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 29th, 1892, in Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHarry White taught economics at Lawrence College for several years, raising his acumen among capitalist academics. White was employed briefly under Henry Morgenthau Jr's Treasury Dept. This ended when White objected to American neutrality, pushing him into the syndicalist cause. White has a hobby of brainstorming plans for radical foreign policies to be enacted if America ever leads the Third Internationale.§!
William Wolf Weinstone
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1897, in Vilnius, Vilna Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLike many American socialists, William Weinstone (born Weinstein) was born in the Russian Empire and immigrated to the United States at an early age. Growing up in Brooklyn and embracing Marxism as a teenager, Weinstone was soon to embrace the growing left-wing tendency in the Socialist Party of America in the late 1910s, becoming a peer of Jay Lovestone and Bertram Wolfe at the City College of New York, acting as secretary of the Intercollegiate Socialist Society. When the left captured the party in 1920, Weinstone went through a series of important administrative positions, a rise which would place him among the ranks of the most important figures in the party.\n\nSoon however, he had split with Lovestone and Charles Ruthenberg's communist faction, and became a factional power player. Within the span of four years, he shifted factional allegiances three times, earning him the moniker \
Abraham Johannes Muste
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 8th, 1885, in Zierikzee, Zeeland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a coachman in the Netherlands, Muste's family emigrated to the United States when he was six. Although he grew up attending the Grand Rapids Dutch Reformed Church and trained to become a Reformed Minister, Muste came to question the fundamental principles of the church. Muste became influenced by the teachings of the Social Gospel and became attracted to the ideas of the radical thinkers of the day, supporting Eugene Debs for president in 1912.\n\nIn 1914, Muste found his views irreconcilable with his local church of the Fort Washington Collegiate Church and left the Reformed Church. A staunch pacifist, Muste joined the Fellowship of Reconciliation in 1916. In 1918, Muste went to Rhode Island and became a Quaker minister. The following year, Muste became involved in the Lawrence Textile Strike, where many of the strikers were only recent immigrants to the US and did not speak English. Muste became the spokesman for the strikers, and was jailed for being a strike leader.\n\nAfter his case was dismissed, Muste returned to the strikes and pursued a path of nonviolence. Ultimately, both sides came to a compromise. In 1921, Muste became chairman of the Brookwood Labor College and stayed there for 10 years. In 1929, Muste formed the Conference for Progressive Labor Action, which organised many of the SPA elements in the CIO, and helped lead the Auto-Lite strike of 1934. When the Civil war broke out, Muste pledged his support to Chicago, and promoted his socialist Christian ideology in areas controlled by the Revolutionary government.§!
Hammie Snipes
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 31st, 1906, in Harlem, New York, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to an African-American family in Harlem, Snipes became attracted to the socialist cause. Snipes would join with the Universal Negro Improvement Association and African Communities League as well as an SPA activist as an adult. In October 1936, Snipes was giving a speech in support of pay equality for African-American members of the Meat Cutters Union when he was stabbed by Sufi Abdul Hamid and Allen McAlpine, requiring him to get ten stitches. When the American Civil War started, Snipes went to Chicago to offer his services to the Revolutionary government.§!
William Ross Knudsen
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 30th, 1892, in Petaluma, California, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWilliam Knudsen has been active for decades in California socialist politics. Starting with an arrest at a free speech demonstration, Knudsen has attempted multiple times to run for Mayor of San Francisco. Knudsen organised labour unions across California, and attended radical trade union congresses representing thousands of labourers.§!
Harold Maskell Ware
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 19th, 1889, in Woodstown, New Jersey, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAn early member of the Social Democracy of America party with Eugene V. Debs and Victor Berger, Ware was an expert in agronomics and raised money for an experimental farm in the Commune of France. The Department of Agriculture tapped Ware for his talent, but refused to promote him due to his dealings in France. This motivated Ware to the syndicalist cause, and transferred all his efforts to them.§!
Clarence Ollson Senior
§YBorn:§! §LJune 9th, 1903, in Clinton, Missouri, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA child of the midwest, Clarence Senior had a mostly uneventful middle-class childhood. Though economic necessity forced the young Senior to leave high school after his sophomore year to help support his family, after a few years in the labour force his aunt encouraged him to finish his education. Attending the University of Kansas, Senior was converted to socialism, participating in the Intercollegiate Socialist Society. The year he graduated, Senior joined the Socialist Party, associating with rising moderate star Norman Thomas. Senior represented precisely the type of middle-class intellectual who Thomas wanted to recruit to his vision of a \
Jay Lovestone
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1897, in Molchad, Grodno Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn Jacob Liebstein to a Lithuanian-Jewish family in the Russian Empire, Liebstein arrived at Ellis Island with his mother and siblings at age 9. Attracted to socialist politics from an early age, young Liebstein was drawn, like many New Yorkers, to the politics of Daniel De Leon and the Socialist Labor Party, attending the old man's funeral in 1914. A member of the Socialist Party, Liebstein was a party activist at the City College of New York, before his graduation in 1918. The Russian Revolution brought about a revival of the left in the Socialist Party, and Liebstein was a member of the first organising committee of the left-wing section of the party. Though he had an at times antagonistic relationship with John Reed and Benjamin Gitlow, he came to be an invaluable party organiser in the city.\n\nWith the takeover of the Socialist Party by the left, Lovestone (who in 1919, like many American Jews, legally changed his name) joined with Charles Ruthenberg's \
Smedley Darlington Butler
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 30th, 1881, in West Chester, Pennsylvania, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMarine, General and Senator Smedley Butler has done the unthinkable, in the revolution's darkest moment he has overthrown the would-be usurpers and traitors in the Centralist clique, and kept the flame of liberty alive. The old general has been an invaluable warrior for the $WCA_ACW$, and his latest startling victory has endeared him to the population tenfold. Although Butler has confided to friends and political allies that he is uneasy to now be in the spotlight, he has agreed to take on the job as the temporarily acting President of the new America until the scars torn open by Totalism can be healed.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 30th, 1881, in West Chester, Pennsylvania, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIn 1898 'The Fighting Quaker' Smedley Darlington Butler lied about his age and enlisted in the Marine Corps to join the American force in the Spanish-American war. Due to his high education level he was commissioned as a second lieutenant and would be transferred to the recently captured Guantanamo following basic training. He didn't manage to see combat as his company would soon return to the US, where he was reassigned to the USS New York, becoming a first lieutenant in April 1899.\n\nHe was later transferred to the Philippines, where he mainly did garrison duty, although he took part in some engagements against the Insurrectos. In 1900, he'd accompany Littleton Walker during the Boxer Rebellion, taking part in the Battle of Tianjin and the Gaselee Expedition, being wounded in the thigh while trying to rescue a fellow marine, for which he earned a brevet promotion to captain.\n\nAfterwards, Butler would take part in the Banana wars, first in Honduras to defend the American consulate in 1903 and then in Nicaragua between 1909 and 1913, where he took part in breaking the siege of Granada, in the battle of Masaya and the capture of Coyotepe Hill. He took part in the occupation of Veracruz in Mexico in 1914, earning his first Medal of Honor in combat and was promoted to Major. He'd be transferred to Haiti, where he earned his second Medal of Honor for fighting the Caco rebellion. He'd be transferred back to the United States, where he served garrison duties until being promoted to Brigadier General in 1921. In 1927 he was sent to China to take charge of the Marine Expeditionary Force in the Legation Cities, earning his promotion to Major General, returning to America in 1929, and then competing and winning the role of Commandant of the USMC in 1931. He earned the rank of General in 1935, amidst the rising tension in the Smith administration. When the situation started to deteriorate, Butler decided to resign from his post and presented his services to the Socialist Party, becoming the highest ranking military official to join the Red Guard and earning the rank of General of the Armies.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 30th, 1881, in West Chester, Pennsylvania, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSmedley Darlington 'The Fighting Quaker' Butler lied about his age and enlisted in the Marine Corps in 1898 to join the American force fighting the Spanish-American war. He was commissioned as a second lieutenant for his higher education and would be transferred to the recently captured Guantanamo after basic training. He didn't manage to see combat, as his company would soon return to the US, where he was reassigned to the USS New York, becoming a first lieutenant in April 1899. He was then transferred to the Philippines, where he mainly did garrison duty, although he took part in some engagements against the Insurrectos. In 1900, he'd accompany Littleton Walker during the Boxer Rebellion, taking part in the Battle of Tianjin and the Gaselee Expedition, being wounded in the thigh for trying to rescue a fellow marine and earning a brevet promotion to captain. Afterwards, Butler would take part in the Banana wars, first to Honduras to defend the American consulate in 1903 and to Nicaragua between 1909 and 1913, where he took part in breaking the siege of Granada, in the battle of Masaya and the capture of Coyotepe Hill. He'd take part in the occupation of Veracruz in Mexico in 1914, earning his first Medal of Honor in combat and being promoted to major. He'd be transferred to Haiti, where he earned his second Medal of Honor for fighting the Caco rebellion. He'd be transferred back to the United States, where he served garrison duties until being promoted to Brigadier General in 1921. In 1927 he was sent to China to take charge of the Marine Expeditionary Force in the Legation Cities, earning his promotion to Major General, returning to America in 1929, and then competing and winning the role of Commandant of the USMC in 1931. He earned the rank of General in 1935, amidst the rising tension of the Smith administration despite Butler's criticism of Smith. He remains however as one of the most influential and decorated officers of the United States Marine Corps, and his influence should not be taken lightly.§!
Herbert Charles Heitke
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 6th, 1892, in Wyandotte, Michigan, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHerbert Charles Heitke was born in a German immigrant family, and would sign up for West Point in 1913, graduating in 1917 as an infantry second lieutenant. He was first assigned to the Quartermaster Corps of the Army's Reserve in Georgia, reaching the rank of First Lieutenant in 1920 and Captain in 1923. In 1925, while he was still in the Reserve Corps, he transferred to the Cavalry corps and was assigned as Assistant Professor of History and Social Sciences at West Point. In late 1929, he was transferred to the Army's Cavalry School at Fort Riley, and remained in this position until early 1937, earning the promotion to Colonel in 1934. As soon as street violence began escalating, Heitke decided to resign and move back to New York with his family, signing up for the local Red Guard, where his military experience granted him a promotion from Smedley Butler himself. Now a General of the Syndicalist Army, Heitke has become, along with Maurice Rose and Smedley Butler, one of the few military generals of the US Army to join the revolution.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 6th, 1892, in Wyandotte, Michigan, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHerbert Charles Heitke was born in a German immigrant family, and would sign up for West Point in 1913, graduating in 1917 as an infantry second lieutenant. He was first assigned to the Quartermaster Corps of the Army's Reserve in Georgia, reaching the rank of first lieutenant in 1920 and captain in 1923. In 1925, while he was still in the Reserve Corps, he transferred to the Cavalry corps and was assigned as Assistant Professor of History and Social Sciences at West Point. In late 1929, he was transferred to the Army's Cavalry School at Fort Riley, and remained in this position until now, earning the promotion to Colonel in 1934. He has remained a relevant member of the staff, but his constant criticism of the Smith Administration are starting to make a dent in the government's legitimacy...§!
James Kelly Parsons
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 11th, 1877, in Rockford, Alabama, United States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe grandson of a Confederate lieutenant and Alabama governor who had reluctantly overseen the abolition of slavery in the state, Parsons came from a traditionally conservative family but his early life was one marked by political radicalism. At the age of 21 he enlisted in the army during the Spanish-American War and was promoted to First Lieutenant of the 3rd Alabama Volunteer Infantry, a black unit commanded by white officers. He did not see combat until the end of the war, when he was sent to deal with insurgents in the Philippines and was once again put in charge of soldiers of a different race. Parsons began to get gradually involved in military office politics, relying on his old superior Robert Lee Bullard from the Alabama 3rd to provide him with support for his unorthodox proposals. Parsons was an adamant champion of racial integration. His radical proposal for an immediate and total racial integration of the army was dismissed as ludicrous and he was advised to focus on less controversial affairs.\n\nHe took up work commanding various National Guards before being sent to Fort Meade, Maryland, where he established a tank school and began to promote new theories about armoured warfare that he had learned from studying the Weltkrieg and the military of the Union of Britain. His subsequent recommendation to the U.S Army was to establish dedicated tank divisions who could punch through enemy defences at lightning speed, going far and beyond any scale of armoured warfare that had been seen before. Tank units were normally only the size of a regiment, but Parsons called for the establishment of six entire divisions as the optimal fighting force. This was quietly ignored, much like his integration proposals. By the time of the American Civil War, Parsons knew well and truly which side he was on. Having been appointed in 1936 to lead the 6th Infantry Division in Illinois, which was then in reserve, Parsons presented his credentials to Provisional Government in Chicago, which immediately made great use of his vigorous political commitment and his revolutionary military doctrines.§!
Evans Fordyce Carlson
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 26th, 1896, in Sidney, New York, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of a Congregationalist minister, Evans Carlson began his military career in 1912 when he left High School and signed up for the US Army as a private, serving in the Philippines and Hawaii, and finishing his four years of service in 1916 as a sargeant. He then rejoined the Army right during the start of the Punitive Expedition where he took up a garrison job in Mexico. He then signed up for an officers' course, from where he graduated as a second Lieutenant in 1917, and even did a short term in the Artillery corps, becoming an Artillery Captain in 1918. However, he was unsatisfied with his army positions, so he signed up in the Marine Corps in 1922 as a private, regardless of his previous postings. He was quickly promoted to Second Lieutenant, and served in a Marine outpost in Quantico, Virginia. He then sailed towards Culebra, Puerto Rico, in 1924 and remained there five months before being ordered to the West Coast for duty with the Pacific Fleet. Applying for aviation training in 1925, he went to Pensacola, Florida, for instruction, but subsequently returned to duty with ground units. He served another tour of foreign shore duty from 1927 to 1929 at Shanghai, China. He later returned to America and was quickly sent to Nicaragua to fight against Sandino's insurgency, earning a navy cross after facing around 100 rebels with just 12 marines. He also received a commendation after the 1931 earthquake and for his work as Chief of Police of Occupied Nicaragua. He returned to the US in 1933, and was sent to Shanghai, to the Marine Detachment in the American Legation in the Legation Cities, serving as Adjutant and studying Chinese. He returned to Quantico in 1936, attending the Marine Corps Schools while also taking a course on International Law and Politics at George Washington University in Washington, D.C... As the Nation spiralled into chaos, Smedley Butler began probing the Marine Corps for signs of dissenting opinions, and quickly found an ally in Evans. When the time finally came to join the Chicago Syndicalists in their fight, even despite being severely torn, Carlson decided to follow Butler and is now one of our Highest Ranking officers, and Butler's most trusted General.§!
Jacob Loucks Devers
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 8th, 1887, in York, Pennsylvania, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDevers began his military career when Congressman Daniel F. Lafean offered him an appointment to the U.S. Military Academy at West Point in 1906 and graduated on 11 June 1909 as an artillery second lieutenant. Among his classmates was George S. Patton and the two men became fast friends. Devers' first posting was to the 1st Battalion, 4th Mountain Artillery in Washington and for his next assignment in late 1912, Devers was sent back to West Point to teach mathematics. On 1 April 1916, he was promoted to first lieutenant and he was transferred to the newly activated 9th Field Artillery at the Schofield Barracks in Hawaii and promoted to Captain in early 1917. In May 1919, Devers was sent on a three-month temporary duty assignment to study the Weltkrieg in Europe, which inspired jealousy from Patton and led the men to gradually drift apart during the time that Devers spent attending the Preußische Kriegsakademie in Berlin to study the equipment and tactics used by both sides during the Weltkrieg. He was promoted to major in 1920 and he was later selected to attend the Command and General Staff School, graduating in 1925.\n\nHe was then posted to Fort Sill as the director of the Field Artillery School's Gunnery Department until 31 August 1929 where Devers was transferred to Washington, D.C., to serve on the staff of the Chief of Field Artillery. In 1932, he was chosen to attend the Army War College and graduated on June 1933. He was promoted to lieutenant colonel on 26 February 1934. With the country spiralling into Civil War, Devers found himself fighting more and more against his superiors inability to react to internal issues, starting a deep rivalry between him and Dwight Eisenhower, even putting him at odds with his old friend Lesley McNair. He also grew increasingly conscious of racial issues in America, writing letters of complaints about how poor the facilities were for black soldiers at the various locales he served in, as well as how there seemed to be a two tiered justice system that treated black soldiers much more harshly than white ones. Finding himself in Pennsylvania during the fateful few weeks before violence erupted, Devers asked his wife to flee to Canada before he presented himself to the government in Chicago and was put in charge of the Detroit XVI Corps.§!
David Monroe Shoup
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 30th, 1904, in Battle Ground, Indiana, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDavid Shoup was born in an impoverished family in the heart of the steel belt. From an early age, Shoup leaned politically to the left - having been moulded by the progressive ideas of Indiana politicians fighting against Wall Street's big businesses. Excelling in academics and extracurriculars such as wrestling and football, he joined the United States Marine Corps for financial reasons. In the Marine Corps, Shoup was recognised for his athletics, marksmanship, and leadership skills - impressing his commanders and subordinates for his ability to keep morale with his sense of humour. From 1927 to 1934, Shoup served in China, protecting American interests in the war-torn country, a mission he was personally opposed to seeing his actions as simply an imperialist exploitation of the Chinese people. As the nation began to spiral into chaos, Shoup's anti-imperialist stance and personal beliefs made him a staunch supporter and ally of fellow Marine Corps General Smedly Butler. When the time came for revolution, Shoup committed himself to the syndicalist cause and Butler, bringing the experience and leadership the Second Continental Army desperately needed.§!
Robert Sharon Allen
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 14th, 1900, in Latonia, Kentucky, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRobert S. Allen was born Herman Greenberg until his father officially changed his name as the Weltkrieg raged on to avoid connections to Germany and to pick a real \
Maurice Rose
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 26th, 1899, in Middletown, Connecticut, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMaurice Rose, born into a Jewish family, lied about his age to enlist in the Colorado National Guard in 1916 with the hopes of being able to join Pershing's Punitive Expedition to Mexico, but was discharged six weeks later for being underage. He worked with his brother in a meatpacking plant until he came of age, after which he enlisted and was selected to officer training, graduating from the Officer Candidate School in 1917 as an infantry second lieutenant. He reached the rank of Captain in 1923, and would start the Infantry Company Officer Course, graduating in 1926. With the growing schism between the pro-mechanisation officers and the traditionalists, Rose joined the former, meeting higher ranking officers like Dwight Eisenhower and George Patton, who instilled some of their theoretical armoured warfare knowledge into him. He'd undergo the Cavalry Officer Course in 1928, graduating in 1931, and then joining the Command and General Staff College, where he was still undergoing the final stages of his training when the Civil War was about to break out.\n\nRose's career had unfortunately been plagued with discrimination because of his Jewish origin, both from his commanding officers and fellow colleagues, most notably from General George Van Horn Moseley and Pedro Augusto del Valle, who are even said to have held his promotions back because of his background.\n\nAs a reaction to his treatment, Rose began to be seduced by the promises of social equality by the Socialist Party of America and when the situation finally seemed unsalvageable, Rose decided to defect northwards, where he joined the Red Guard. After having been recognised by Butler, he was promoted to the rank of General, and is widely considered the main mechanised warfare expert in the Congress' army.§!\n\n§YNotes: He hasn't pledged his allegiance to any of the political factions, and he's rumoured to only be in our army in order to fight the anti-semitic officers of the People's Government who once hindered his career.§!
Robert Hale Merriman
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1908, in Eureka, California, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of a lumberjack, Robert Hale Merriman grew up in a poor family hit hard by the Depression. Forced to take odd jobs to continue his education after graduating from high school, he ended up joining the Reserve Officer Training Corps (ROTC) branch at the University of Nevada, where he graduated in 1932, marrying his wife Marion, also a student, on their graduation day. After this, he enrolled at the University of California, Berkeley, to pursue a master's degree in economics. With the Depression's grip worsening in America and fascinated by French and British economic structures, he and Marion moved to Paris for a year to study at the Sorbonne. Returning to California in 1935, he finished his master's degree and was accepted to the University of Chicago's PhD programme in 1936, drawn to the growing revolutionary activity in the city.\n\nAs MacArthur's deadline loomed over Reed's conference, Merriman, with his background in the ROTC, began teaching students of all ages the rudimentary military training he had learned half a decade ago. Though he was not a devoted syndicalist, Merriman was outraged by the widespread political repression and authoritarian tenancies demonstrated by the American government in the summer of 1936, and with his warm personality and commanding figure he was elected to lead the University's branch of the Red Militia.\n\nUnlike many of the other young officers voted into command by their peers, Merriman's military training and educated background made him stand out to Smedley Butler, who hand-picked the young man for higher command, and began to nurture what he saw as his strong talent for leadership and command.§!\n\n§YNotes: It is unclear where exactly Merriman's political loyalties lie within the greater Congress. He has an academic interest in Syndicalist economic policy, but his distaste for authoritarianism has alienated him from the more centralist faction of the Congress lead by Browder.§!
Benjamin Oliver Davis Sr.
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 1st, 1877, in Washington, D.C., United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to an Interior Department functionary father and a nurse mother, Benjamin O. Davis defied his parents wishes and enlisted in the US military upon the outbreak of the Spanish American war in 1898. His first posting as a temporary first lieutenant in the segregated all-black 8th US Volunteer Infantry, but he was unable to see combat during the war. Still, he reenlisted as a private for the 9th Cavalry Regiment, joining the so-called \
Campbell Carrington Johnson
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 30th, 1895, in Washington, D.C., United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA native of Washington, DC, Campbell Johnson was educated at Howard University and began his association with military affairs by entering the army reserve during the First Weltkrieg, reaching the rank of a senior colonel. In 1918, he assisted in the organisation of the Students Army Training Corps Instructors Camp at Howard University, serving as its senior military instructor. During his tenure, Campbell also assisted in the organisation of the Reserve Officer's Training Corps unit, and taught military science and tactics at the institution as a Captain. He later received a Bachelors degree, and then a law degree from Howard University, maintaining a law practice in DC. In 1932, Campbell assisted in the establishment of a Black youth recreation camp known as Camp Lichtman. Believing strongly in the equitable treatment of Black men and women, deterioration of the American political scene, and the increase of support for Long became the push needed to align with the egalitarian message of the SPA. With an established organisational background, and experience in the Army reserve, Campbell presented his services to the SPA, and was swiftly elevated to General.§!
Ralph Ernest Jones
§YBorn:§! §LMay 13th, 1885, in Manchester, Iowa, United States of America§!
Milton Wolff
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 7th, 1915, in Brooklyn, New York, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMilton 'Milt' Wolff, born into a Lithuanian-Hungarian immigrant family and previously an art student, joined the Red Guard as soon as it formed. He was accepted into the ranks, and became quite popular amongst his peers for his leadership during the clashes against the Minutemen militias in late 1936 and early 1937.\n\nOnce John Reed announced the Revolution, it became immediately apparent there was a major lack of command staff available to the WCA, and it was in this void that Wolff was promoted to General following a vote held by his peers and colleagues who saw him as a good fit for the role. However, his ability to lead large armies has yet to be put to the test.§!\n\n§YNotes: Member of the Centralist Faction, aligned mostly with Browder.§!
Edward Allen Carter Jr.
§YBorn:§! §LMay 26th, 1916, in Los Angeles, California, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEdward Allen Carter Jr. was born to a Black American father and an East Indian mother, who shortly after his birth moved to India. With the collapse of the British Empire, and the proclamation of the Bharatiya People's Republic, Carter came into contact with socialism for the first time as a child, although it was short lived as his parents would move again in 1932, this time to Shanghai, where he tried to join the local American garrison, only to be rejected on account of his young age.\n\nWith the American Civil War brewing in the distance, he travelled to America as a stowaway in one of the Legation's transports, reaching Seattle and joining the local branch of the Red Guard. As their numbers discreetly mobilised eastwards to start the revolution, Carter slowly became popular amongst the soldiers, retelling the stories of bravery and revolution he had seen in his infancy in East India. When the Revolution finally started, Carter was voted in as a General, becoming the one of the only black members of the WCA staff along with Oliver Law and Campbell Johnson.§!\n\n§YNotes: Member of the Federalist Faction.§!
Benjamin Katine
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 7th, 1912, in Brooklyn, New York, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBenjamin Katine, a mechanic and electrician of some renown in New York, joined the Industrial Workers of the World militias as soon as they started recruitment. Becoming popular amongst the automobile unions, he was voted as an officer in February 1937, and was chosen by the Central Staff as a general. Despite the Automotive unions backing his position, Katine still has a lot to learn before becoming a valuable general for the WCA.§!\n\n§YNotes: Member of the Unionist Faction.§!
James Patrick Murphy
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1901, in San Francisco, California, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJames Patrick Murphy graduated from the California State University in 1926 as a Radio Engineer and moved to San Francisco. While he was unremarkable in the major unrest of the 1930s, he joined the Red Guard after the 1936 election, where his mechanical expertise with radios allowed him to connect the workers of California with those of Chicago. As the workers were discreetly mobilised into Chicago, Murphy was assigned to several cities across what now is the Syndicalist stronghold, improving radio communications between the Red Guard detachments. For his service, he was granted the rank of General within the Red Guard, but even many within the General Staff doubt this Radio Engineer will be capable of leading vast armies across the American landscape.§!
John Tisa
§YBorn:§! §LApril 6th, 1914, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJohn Tisa comes from a Cuban-Italian immigrant family. Previously working mostly as a factory worker and as an amateur writer in his spare time, Tisa joined the Red Guard the 31st of December, 1936. Since then, he has earned the respect of the Syndicalist soldiers in New Jersey, and was voted as their CO at their staff elections. Tisa was then promoted to general, where, for better or worse, he will have to learn from scratch the art of warfare if he hopes to come out ahead of the enemy during the revolution.§!
Oliver Law
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 23rd, 1900, in Texas, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOliver Law enlisted to the US Army in 1919 as a private, serving with the 24th Infantry regiment stationed on the Mexican Border. He left the military in 1925 after being refused any kind of promotion on the basis of his skin colour, moving first to Bluffton, Indiana, where he worked at a cement plant and then shortly thereafter to Chicago where he drove a cab for the Yellow Cab Company. When the Great Depression hit, Law was left unemployed for years, until he managed to become a stevedore and joined the International Longshoremen's Association. With his savings, he tried to open a restaurant in 1932 but ultimately failed and unemployed once more, he joined the International Labor Defense. With a Civil War looming over the United States, Law was amongst the first to volunteer for the Red Guard. Because of his military background and leadership skills, he was quickly voted in as an officer by his fellow soldiers, before later reaching the rank of General thanks to the sponsoring of the National Negro Congress.§!\n\n§YNotes: Loyal Member of the Unionist Faction, and he is rumoured to keep close relations with both Bayard Rustin and Asa Philip Randolph.§!
William Rea Furlong
§YBorn:§! §LMay 26th, 1881, in Allenport, Pennsylvania, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWilliam Rea Furlong attended the Normal School in California, Pennsylvania, where he earned his teaching degree. In 1901, he was recommended for the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland. Furlong graduated in 1905 with the rank of ensign and was assigned to the armoured cruiser USS Maryland. In 1910, Furlong was assigned to the protected cruiser USS Chicago, which was posted as the reserve of the Massachusetts Naval Militia, briefly commanding the cruiser. He served on Chicago until 1912, when he attended the Columbia University, New York and graduated with the Master of Science degree in electrical and radio engineering in 1914. Furlong was then assigned as fleet radio officer and aide on the staff of the commander-in-chief, United States Atlantic Fleet. In April 1914, he participated in the Veracruz Expedition in Mexico. From 1916 to 1917, Furlong served as a gunnery officer on board battleships USS South Carolina and USS New York and in 1918 he was assigned to the Bureau of Ordnance. From 1921 to 1923 he served as an aide on the staff and fleet gunnery officer to the commander-in-chief, United States Pacific Fleet. This was followed by an assignment from 1923 to 1926 where he served in office of the Chief of Naval Operations. From 1926 to 1928 Furlong served as executive officer of the battleship USS West Virginia, and then served as commander of the oiler USS Neches. He also served as division commander of destroyers in the Pacific. From 1928 to 1931 he served as Chief of Policy and Liaison Section, Office of Island Government. From 1931 to 1933 he commanded the light cruiser USS Marblehead and then served as inspector of ordnance in charge at the Naval Proving Ground in Dahlgren from 1933 to 1936. With outbreak of the Civil War he joined the Worke of America and as oldest captain to join the C.S.A became the first admiral of the Second Continental Navy.§!
Arthur Schuyler Carpender
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1884, in New Brunswick, New Jersey, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LArthur Schuyler 'Chips' Carpender, a direct descendant of Wolphert Gerretse Van Kouwenhoven - one of the early settlers the New Netherland colony, graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1908, and served on the battleship Minnesota of the Great White Fleet sent by President Theodore Roosevelt on voyage around the world in 1907. Amidst the backdrop of the Banana Wars, he commanded a 16-man landing force from the Marietta that was put ashore at Puerto Cortes, Honduras. Leaving the Marietta in 1911, Carpender was involved with the fitting out of the new battleship USS Utah. Carpender participated in the United States occupation of Veracruz in April 1914 during the Mexican Revolution and on returning to the United States, Carpender was assigned to the Office of Naval Militia Affairs. In 1916, 1917 and 1919, Carpender helped fit out and commission the new destroyers USS Davis, USS Fanning and USS Radford respectfully. Carpender returned to the United States in 1920, and became a Member of the Naval Examining Board, and Judge Advocate General of the General Court Martial at the Naval Training Station Great Lakes. In 1922 he assumed command of the USS Barry. He reported to the Naval Submarine Base at New London for training in 1923, after which he was posted to the United States Asiatic Fleet as commander of 6th Submarine Division. In 1924 Carpender returned to Washington, where he served ashore for the next two years in the Bureau of Navigation, before becoming executive officer of the USS Pittsburgh in 1926 until 1928, when he assumed command of the destroyer USS Macdonough. Following the familiar pattern of shore duty alternating with sea duty, Carpender served in the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations from 1929 until 1932. This was followed by two years as executive officer of the light cruiser USS Omaha. He then attended the Naval War College at Newport after which he returned to the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations. At the start of 1937, he became Chief of Staff of Destroyers, Battle Fleet. With the start of the Civil War he joined the Second Continental Fleet and was promoted to admiral of the C.S Fleet.§!
Arleigh Albert Burke
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 19th, 1901, in Boulder, Colorado, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LArleigh Albert '31-knot Burke' Burke never graduated from high school due to the 1918 influenza outbreak but instead won an alternate appointment to the United States Naval Academy given by his local congressman. He graduated from the academy in June 1923, and was commissioned as an ensign in the United States Navy. From then until April 1928 he was an officer in the battleship Arizona. Burke was next assigned to the Fleet Base Force flagship Procyon, in which he was Flag Lieutenant and Force Personnel Officer. Resuming his formal education in June 1929, Lieutenant Burke received a Master's Degree from the University of Michigan two years later, then served in the heavy cruiser Chester. He spent the middle 1930s on the Base Force staff and at the Bureau of Ordnance in Washington, D.C. In 1936 he joined the destroyer Gilmer and with outbreak of the Civil War he with his crew supported the WCA for which he was promoted to the rank of admiral and became one of the first flag officers of the Second Continental Navy.§!
Hyman Godalia Rickover
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 27th, 1900, in Maków Mazowiecki, Łomża Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHyman Godalia \
Hugh Nathaniel Mulzac
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 26th, 1886, on Union Island, British Windward Islands§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHugh Nathaniel Mulzac life at sea started immediately after high school when he served on British schooners. He was sent to Swansea Nautical College in Wales to train for his ship masters license. In 1918, Hugh Mulzac emigrated to the United States. Within two years he had earned his shipping master's certificate, the first ever issued to an African-American. He joined with Marcus Garvey's Universal Negro Improvement Association (UNIA) and served as a Captain on the SS Yarmouth of the Black Star Line. However, disagreements with the UNIA lead to his resignation in 1921 and later to joining the International Seamen's Union of America (ISUA) in 1927. Before 1937 the only shipboard work Mulzac could get was in the steward's departments on several shipping lines. In 1934, after pressure from side of ISUA, he could become a captain of a ship with crew consisting only of African-Americans, but he refused with the words 'Under no circumstances will I command a Jim Crow'. After the start of the Second American Civil War with need of the WCA in captains of ships he was appointed as commander the destroyer CNS Smith Thompson and was chosen for senior courses. After finishing them he became famous for being the first ever black admiral.§!
George Whelan Anderson Jr.
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1906, in New York City, New York, United States of America§!
Willard John Smith
§YBorn:§! §LMay 14th, 1910, in Suttons Bay, Michigan, United States of America§!
Youngblood Nance
§YBorn:§! §LMay 1st, 1912, in Greenwood, South Carolina, United States of America§!
Norman Scott
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 10th, 1889, in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States of America§!
Marc Andrew Mitscher
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 26th, 1887, in Hillsboro, Wisconsin, United States of America§!
Donald Wilson
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1892, in Hiner's Mill, West Virginia, United States of America§!
James Edmond Fechet
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 21st, 1877, in Fort Ringgold, Texas, United States of America§!
Terry de la Mesa Allen Sr
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1888, in Fort Douglas, Utah, United States of America§!
John Benjamin Anderson
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 10th, 1891, in Parkersburg, Iowa, United States of America§!
Nathan Farragut Twining
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 11th, 1897, in Monroe, Wisconsin, United States of America§!
Willis Henry Hale
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 7th, 1893, in Pittsburg, Kansas, United States of America§!
Bessie Coleman
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 26th, 1892, in Atlanta, Texas, United States of America§!
Eddie August Henry Schneider
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 20th, 1911, in New York City, New York, United States of America§!
Freda Josephine Baker
Lucille Désirée Ball
Lee Pressman
John Whiteside Parsons
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 2nd, 1914, in Los Angeles, California, United States of America§!
Julius Robert Oppenheimer
§YBorn:§! §LApril 22nd, 1904, in New York City, New York, United States of America§!
Karl Probst
Peyton Marshall Magruder
