Yemen Focus Tree
Ripples of Black Monday
While not hitting us as hard as other nations, our connections to the Ottoman Empire has infected us the Black Monday economic contagion. There is no doubt that the Republicans will blame the Imam for this.
Modernised Economy
Western newspapers have begun to express hope in the Yemeni economy again. Through currency reform and austerity, our markets have regained some confidence. Yemen can now stand economically with the rest of the world.
Ottoman Rule
Ottoman rule in Yemen has led to two distinct types of dissidence to form. One is the rebels that treat our fealty to the Caliph as a betrayal of our Zaydi order, and the other that sees the nationalism in the Ottoman empire as preferable to the wise rule of the Imam.
Outdated Army
The army of Yemen is only adept at defending our territory, and has not yet tasted victory in a foreign war. We are outpaced by most of the modern world.
Modern Planning
Through experience in the war against the Ottomans and increased military education in foreign academies, Yemen's army can now stand on its own two feet.
State in Disorder
With a combination of Ottoman rule and the vast expanse of Yemen's newly gained territory, the Imam has trouble displaying his authority to all his subjects.
Benevolent Rule
The Imam has decided to show his less loyal tribal subjects his benevolent side. These subjects have surprisingly responded with long overdue taxes and contracts that show their loyalty.
Strict Rule
Those who refuse the Imam's draft must be corralled. Disloyalty during this critical hour will not be forgiven.
Yemeni Gendarmerie
The establishment of the Gendarmerie has helped us keep rebel movements from endangering the country, for now at least.
Fading Overlord
While Ottoman rule is still present, their presence and reign over the country has diminished. Many Ottoman soldiers have grown weary of adventure in our land.
Yemeni Administration
Even if our country remains divided on religious and political matters, we need to immediately administer our own lands or risk losing them.
Purged Population
Disloyal elements of our society have been forcefully removed on the Imam's orders.
Arab Horsemen
Unlike the rest of the world, the Middle East is one of the few places where cavalry is still effective. Our generals have been trained on the use of horses to help defend ourselves.
Protect Yemen
Yemen is home to many and must be protected no matter what the cost.
Gunsmith Guilds
Gun production has improved significantly due to coordinated efforts between gunsmiths in the country.
Founded Merchant Marine
Our key position in trade has led to the creation of a merchant marine, which has vastly increased trade profits.
Kingdom In Chaos
Our freedom from the Ottomans had one very key disadvantage - the freedom of rebel groups to begin moving again. Violence has returned to the streets and the existence of the Imamate is in danger.
Prepared Army
Our soldiers are loyal to the Imam and ready to fight for his cause at any time.
Limited Access Roads
Securing roads for use of the Imam's army has led to an decrease in travel time all around.
Unified Economy
The Imam has managed to inspire most under his rule to work together for the future development of Yemen.
Control the State
The new political climate of Yemen requires the complete and utter cooperation of our people.
Devoted Sovereign
Our efforts to suppress disloyal elements within our society who harm our populace have satisfied our people greatly.
Popular King
The king has regained some honour among the people. The majority of Yemeni see the Imam as a necessity to their lives, and the security of the Imamate is guaranteed as a result.
San'ā Powerbase
The Imam works as the sole and final authority of Yemen, and all matters must go through him first and foremost.
Common Law Reaffirmed
Common Law also known as Sharia Law is now affirmed within the country, and shall remain as an integral part of society.
Presidential Powers
The role of the president is now key in running of Yemen with him holding the most power within the Republic.
European Trade
Trade with European countries is beginning to build up a large sector of our economy and wealth.
Revamped Laws
The old laws within Yemen which followed the Zaydi leadership model have been replaced with civil law based on precedence over incidence.
Local Rule
More autonomy has been given to individual areas within the country, with decisions lying on the locals' shoulders.
Rising Industrialisation
The industry within the country has begun to boom as a result of our political reforms.
Qat and Coffee Farms
Farming has extended into new fertile valleys of Yemen. Better yet that the new farms are growing Qat and Coffee, food and drug that us Yemenis are famous for.
Embracing Nahda
Nahda has begun affecting our society in accordance with new traditions, including a development of Islamic culture that will be the envy of the Arab world.
Local Representatives
Representatives have been assigned to each region in Yemen to explain the needs of the area and how to solve their problems.
Pan-Arabist Thought
Arab unity has once again reached the shores of Yemen. The idea that we may overcome our national differences and unite against mushrikun.
Disloyal Vassal
The Ottomans should hold no control over us or our decisions. Our power is derived from a greater authority than theirs.
Integrating Arabia
With our victory achieved, we now control the entirety of Arabia. However, problems run amok as the Yemeni and Arabian cultures hold animosity.
Arabian Spirit
The populace is now completely satisfied with our rule, and our new Arabian country will walk through this century with our head held high.
Yemeni Postal Service
To better exert control over the vast swathes of territory we govern and to connect our people to the central government, a new and expanded postal service has been set up by the Imam.
Fight for our Freedom
With our preparation ready, we can officially declare independence from the Ottoman threat when the opportunity rises.
Proclaim the Mutawakkilite Kingdom
It is time! With our country more unified than ever, we can officially abolish the Imamate and proclaim the Kingdom of Yemen! Of course, we must first deal with the Ottomans who will not take kindly to this.
This will push the country towards §YAuthoritarianism§!.\n\n
This will push the country towards §YLiberalisation§!.\n\n
Adeni Unions
Adeni Unions
Adeni Unions
Adeni Unions
Adeni Unions
Adeni Unions
Shabāb al 'Amr
Shabāb al 'Amr bil Ma'rūf wal Nahyān al Munkar (Free Yemen Movement)
Shabāb al 'Amr
Shabāb al 'Amr bil Ma'rūf wal Nahyān al Munkar (Free Yemen Movement)
Hay' al Nadāl
Hay' al Nadāl (Committee for the Struggle)
Hay' al Nadāl
Hay' al Nadāl (Committee for the Struggle)
Āl Idrīs
Idrisid Dynasty
Banū al Rassī
Rassid Dynasty
Tribal Councils
Tribal Councils
GFX_YEM_intro
The Imamate of Yemen
Following Ottoman victories in Southern Arabia and victory in the Weltkrieg, along with the collapse of the British Empire in 1925, Yemen experienced a large growth in the size of its borders. However, with the continued Ottoman governance of the Sunni populations and their extremely lax ruling of the areas under their control, the newly enlarged state found itself riddled with unrest. With the Zaydi Shia Imam at the head of state, he seeks to dominate the Yemeni lands, earn his freedom from the Ottomans, and defend what his country had rightfully earned.
§MImamate§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot When rebellious sentiment appears, choose \
Black Monday Ripples Hit Yemen!
After the crash of the German stock markets, the ripples have already washed over both the economically weak Ottomans and the economically young Egypt. What small economy we have in Yemen has been put into decline by the global crisis.
We must act soon!
Rebellious Sentiment in Yemen
After the end of the Weltkrieg, and past that, the unrest in Yemen has only been increasing. The poor administration by the Ottomans and the discontent from the authoritarian rule of the Imamate has led to rise of numerous intellectual groups, and over time they have sought refuge in areas out of our control and in more weak Ottoman governed regions. We must now decide how to handle these revolutionaries hiding in our lands.
They shall be rooted out!
Rebellious Sentiment in Asir
We have sent loyal troops under the guidance of a few local ministers and one of the Imam's sons into the Province of Asir to hunt for rebels, and find a way to deal with the unrest.
They shall be brought to the wall!
Yemen must stand united!
Rebellious Sentiment in Aden
We have sent loyal Troops under the guidance of a few local ministers and one of the Imam's Sons into the Province of Aden to hunt for rebels, and find a way to deal with the unrest.
They shall be brought to the wall!
Yemen must stand united!
End of Anarchy
Now that we have sent probing forces across our countryside and there is an air of control in the area, all we can hope for is that our actions were enough to preserve internal stability in Yemen.
It is time to heal.
A Light Hand
Our military ventures into Ottoman-held land led us to realise that the true enemy are the occupying Turks, they are at fault for this unrest, and we shall rally the people against them.
Down with the Ottomans!
Focused Crackdown
After the first few crackdowns on dissent, we have taken a more lax tone in our anti-partisan efforts. This will ensure the people of Yemen do not hate us, and that the wounds we have opened can heal sooner.
We've shown our hand.
A Firm Grip
We have searched high and low for as many people bearing unsavoury ideas as we could, some have fled into deeper hiding, however they are politically broken. Blood stains the streets of towns across Yemen.
There will be no questioning my rule!
The Rebellion is Crushed
With the rebellion rooted out in its infancy it did not have enough steam to resist the forces of the Imamate, the kingdom is preserved!
We have assured peace and stability.
On the Verge of Collapse
With our mercy towards dissidents within our country while we were under Ottoman rule, the rebels have begun to rise up against our regime! Wishing to end the Imamate and declare the Republic of Yemen, this group could be a risk to our sovereignty. We must crush these upstarts at once!
For the republic!
They must be stopped!
Disorder in the Kingdom
With our mercy towards dissidents within our country while we were under Ottoman rule, the rebels have begun to rise up against our regime! Wishing to end the Imamate and declare the Republic of Yemen, this group could be a risk of our sovereignty. We must crush these upstarts at once!
The republic shall prevail!
We will break them!
The Rebellion is Crushed
With the hard fought victory against the rebels, they lost all power to resist the forces of the Imamate, the kingdom has been preserved!
We have assured peace and stability.
The Rebellion is Crushed
With the rebellion rooted out partially in its infancy, it was softened up for the forces of the Imamate, the kingdom has been preserved!
We have assured peace and stability.
The First Election of the New Republic
With the overthrow of the corrupt Imamate, the first ever Yemeni election has been held. The two main factions, which have been the ones to overthrow the Imamate, are the Hait al-Nadial and the Shabab Al-Amr. Both parties have put towards great work towards their campaign, and the people all greatly await the results of the election.
The Hait al-Nidal shall guide us.
The Shabab Al-Amr will give us the change we need!
Dhofar Taken
With our invasion of Oman over the territory of Dhofar a success, we can leave them to their own wits. Of course, there are some within the government which think we should continue the war in order to strengthen our state further, but a drawn out war in Oman is less than desirable when other threats still lie about.
We'll be taking Dhofar.
We'll be taking Oman!
Dhofar Integrated
With our takeover of Dhofar from [OMA.GetName] not long ago, we have begun to successfully integrate the territory into our country. While the territory is sparsely populated and arid, it is not any less useful to our kingdom than any other part of the Greater Yemeni state. With this, all of Yemen's claims lie within our hands, and we will try to keep them safe.
Our dream is complete.
Imam Hanged
The former dictator and Imam of Yemen, Yahya al Hamid has been put to death in a public trial today in the name of the Republic. With the hanging comes a destruction of influence from monarchist restorationists, as they are left with Ahmad ibn Yahya to the throne, who is a less noticeable and inspirational figure than his father. Hopefully this will ensure the Republic remains strong in the face of threats into the future.
He got what he deserved.
Putting the Sauds to Death
With us managing to calm the situation within Arabia significantly, we can begin to make moves against political opponents. The most obvious was the Saud Dynasty, which ruled over Arabia previously and attempted to put an end to our nation. This morning in a public trial, the entirety of the Saud Dynasty that we captured in the war, including Abdulaziz al Saud, have been put to death.
An end to an eternal enemy.
Rashids Invited to Arabia
With the death of the Saud Dynasty, and Arabia now calmer than ever before, the conditions are right for our cousin dynasty, the Rashids of Jabal Shammar, to partake in the administration of our new Arabia. The Rashids are extremely grateful for this opportunity as they thought their chances of ever ruling Arabia were shattered after their defeat against Najd, but, as the saying goes, the enemy of my enemy is a friend.
Welcome Home, Dear Friends.
The Rebel Remnants
With us managing to withstand the rebel scum earlier, our focus has largely been ignoring the remnants of the rebels and more of consolidating the regime after the civil war, the consolidation of the regime means we can finally finish them off. Yemeni Gendarmes have been sent all throughout Yemen to hunt down the remnants of this Republican rabble, with it being mostly successful. The reappearance of Republican movements in Yemen won't be happening anytime soon.
Traitors of the state will always be dealt with.
Continued Flow of Refugees
As the Ottoman Empire continues to crack down in Hejaz and skirmishes between the Saudis and the Rashids drag on, more and more people flock to our borders to seek refuge. This includes those who align with the Republican side of Yemeni politics.
Hopefully they don't cause trouble...
Black Monday Ripples
Black Monday, while not hitting us as hard as other nations, has indirectly resulted in an increased amount of anti-monarchist thought within the country. Republicans, while typically concentrated in the north and south of our country, have begun to popup in our capital and other places unseen before. This could set a worrying trend if not handled carefully...
They'll be crushed where they stand.
Yemen Requests an Old Ship
Yemen, a nation in Southern Arabia has been attempting to build a navy for months now, with success occurring on rare occasions. In order to help kickstart the project further, Yemen has asked to purchase the 'SMS Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse', which was built at the turn of the century. Considering the decent price Yemen is offering for a ship this old, there is little reason to refuse their request.
We'll accept the purchase.
We'd rather have the scrap.
Germany Provides a Ship
Germany has accepted our purchase of a ship! They have given us the old ship 'SMS Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse', which is hereby being renamed to the 'Yahya San'ā Aden Arwa' while under our control. This ship will be the starting point of a great Yemeni navy into the future!
Yemen rules the waves!
Germany Refuses the Purchase
Despite our generous offer for such an old ship, Germany has decided to turn down our offer to purchase an old German cruiser. While this doesn't mean the end of a chance for a Yemeni navy in the future, it has served to demoralise Yemeni people who dreamed of sailing the seas in the future.
A sad day indeed.
[GetYear] General Election
With our liberation over 4 years ago, it is now time for another general election. The parties remain the same as last year, with the Hait al-Nadial and Shabab al-Amr going head to head over the victor. The results are opened, and the winner is...
The Hait al-Nadial!
The Shabab al-Amr!
Peace with the Sauds?
Our war with Saudi Arabia has not been going into our favour, with Asir being lost and the Saudis encroaching on our capital. With our nation's existence in danger, we might need to give up Asir just for the sake of our survival.
Offer them Najran and Asir.
We'll beat them back!
Yemen Offers Asir and Najran
With the war against Yemen going to our advantage, they have offered us the Najran Desert and Asir in exchange for their survival. While we could continue pushing onward, there are bigger threats like [PER.GetNameDef] to the north breathing down our shoulders.
What a fine deal!
Yemen is Arabian, no matter what.
The Sauds Accept
The Saudis have accepted our deal for peace in exchange for Najran and Asir. While our survival is secured, this has largely put an end to the Greater Yemen idea and has halted any ideas of expansionism.
A fate worse than death...
The Sauds Continue the War!
The Sauds has outright denied any attempts at peace between our two nations, claiming that 'Yemen is rightfully Arabian'. This war will now continue for who knows how long, with no end in sight!
We'll resist to the last man!
Imam Yahya Declares His Independence
Official leader of Central Yemen since his successful revolt against our rule in the 1910s, Imam Yahya has always been an ambitious man who set his sights on Southern Yemen and Asir as the natural routes of expansion for his Yemeni fief. Although he stayed loyal to the Porte during the Weltkrieg, tempted by possible enrichment if they were victorious, it seems he now believes the wind has turned against them and he has refused to answer the call to arms sent out by our Sultan-Caliph. With the Arab coalition gaining strength, the loss of Aden is yet another blow to the Sublime Porte.
He shall be punished for his actions!
Defend Greater Yemen
In the wake of the Weltkrieg and the fall of the British Empire, Yemen has never been stronger. Defending our current form must be top priority, along with ensuring we are free from the Ottoman Empire.
Consolidate The Hinterlands
Yemen, particularly in the south is sparsely populated outside of its coastlines and major ports. We must ensure these regions are consolidated and made for better living.
Dealing with Rebel Remnants
Although rebel groups were thought to be dealt with previously, the problem rose up again when the rebels that fled from San'ā into Asir were provoked by people fleeing from Hejaz. Now that we own Asir and the rebels are active again, we have to deal with them one way or another.
Religious Autonomy
Religious Autonomy has been enjoyed across Yemen going back to before the deal with the Ottomans, this deal is even more beneficial to us given our massive land grabs in recent years.
Encourage Zaydi Faith
With our massive expansions in the past few years, we have seen the Zaydi faith become a smaller and smaller demographic in our own nation. This must be rectified.
Create Yemeni Gendarmes
With rebel groups rising up once again, we must ensure the safety of the Imam against the threat. Creating the Gendarmes should help us suppress rebellious sentiment in the capital.
Take Powers From Ottomans
Ottoman officials still hold many seats within our governments and jobs, removing them will help lower the influence they hold over our people and country.
Minorities Census
While Yemen was known to have minority cultures before the border expansion, our recent territorial expansion has increased them in size. Holding a census will help us figure out how to treat the newcomers in our country.
Expand Postal Service
Spreading information throughout Yemen has been a struggle not only due to the lack of roads and infrastructure, but also the small postal industry to spread news about events in the country. Expanding it will help us clearly explain what is going on to our people.
Rally the Tribesmen
War is brewing in the Middle East, and Turkish arms may very soon not see itself the dominant force they have been for the last few decades. As the other Arabs gather their tribesmen, it shall be wise for us to follow suit.
Declare the Mutawakkilite Kingdom
With our preparations complete, we can declare ourselves an independent kingdom when the Ottomans are in their most dire situation.
Modern Constructions
The methods of our current construction are long outdated, and don't work well for the modern setting. Reforming our construction policies could be a good start in building Yemen for the future.
New Aden Rail Lines
The Aden Railway was built by the British in 1916 in order to help the transportation of supplies within the region. While the railway still has its uses, it is in desperate need of an update to be used effectively.
Red Sea Railways
The Red Sea has been a hub for Yemeni profit ever since the beginning of the millennium, generating great profit. Expanding railways should help increase the income we get from the region.
Populate the Hinterlands
Despite our best efforts, the Hinterlands in the south of Yemen are still as empty and barren as ever. Making the region easier to commute to should help the region's population grow over time.
Expand Aden's Trade Influence
With the colonisation of the Hinterlands in the south, Aden will soon become a place for commercial profit for Yemen.
Aden Goods Production
The goods we got through the Aden trade show new things not known before revealed by the foreign traders. Using this new-found knowledge and materials, we can expand Aden's industry further.
Study Foreign Plans
While we could try and make our own strategy for the economic growth, surely powers who have already gone through the same problems as us before have plans that will work towards modernising the country.
End the Economic Downturn
Although Black Monday affected us much less than other countries due to our disconnection from Germany, some of its ripples have still managed to affect us. Solving these should help bring some light to our already poor economy.
Import Industrial Tools
Our country very much shows the way the old world was, with many of our methods of doing everyday things being outdated by centuries. This includes the instruments our workers use on a daily basis. Importing tools from beyond should help in making the lives of the workers easier.
Prospect for Oil
While we have managed to touch down upon light amounts of oil within Yemen, there has yet to be enough for us to actually generate profit. Perhaps searching for some more could bring unexpected results.
Support Farming Industry
The farming industry in Yemen is where a lot of the everyday population lies, especially in more sparsely populated areas. We need to ensure the industry remains up to date with the current standards set by the modern world.
Modern Economy
Through various reforms, plight, and crises, Yemen has been able to learn and build up from all these troublesome experiences. Yemen now stands proud before other European countries, with its newly reforged economy.
Return of the 40 Officers
The 40 Officers are a group sent by our government to the Ottoman Empire in order to learn their way of training. Perhaps it is about time we tell them to return?
Metal Convoys
Trade fleets have been key to economic success for centuries, and ours needs the best ships we can muster to have any influence in this trade rich sea.
Establish A Merchant Marine
Merchant Marines are used to defend merchant ships and trade and are used by many countries now. Establishing a Yemeni Merchant Marine should hopefully increase the profit from our bountiful trade.
Protect the New Merchant Fleet
With the Yemeni Merchant Marine established, we need to ensure they can get whatever they need to go without any interruption.
Build Up the Port of Aden
Aden is one of our most profitable ports and is where the majority of our income comes from. With the newly established Merchant Marine, expanding the port can maximise our trading profit.
Commission a Flagship
Flagships are used as a point of national pride for countries, as it is their biggest and best ship that they send into battles. Taking a foreign design and making it our own can help boost our nationalism.
New Rifle Designs
The current design of our rifle is long outdated and ineffective for modern day combat, so creating a new one for our army is of the utmost importance.
Import Artillery
Our country lacks any semblance of an artillery design, and is currently used nowhere within the army. Importing artillery from beyond can put us one step ahead of our dangerous neighbours.
Fortify Asir
Asir is where the majority of fighting will be going on, with our Ottoman overlords and the Najd Emirate to the north, so protecting it along with the rest of the country is our highest priority.
Professional Mountaineers
Yemen in various areas has a very mountainous landscape that can end up being hard to traverse, however we can turn this into an advantage. Teaching specific regiments of men how to effectively fight in these mountains can give us advantage against our inexperienced enemies.
Arab Horsemen
Cavalry is seen as a highly outdated form of fighting within the 'modern world', but it still has a place within the Middle East due to the vast deserts covering it. Ensuring we can master this art is crucial for Middle Eastern warfare.
Military Support
Raising a truly modern military requires men in the backlines to back it up, also known as support units. Things like hospitals and engineers can help specialise our forces for specific needs and circumstances.
Study Trench Warfare
Trench warfare was mainly used in the Weltkrieg and has been proven to work. Since the modern doctrine has not been tested on the scale of the Weltkrieg yet, trench warfare is the safer bet to use until a later date.
Military Engineering
Guns, especially our slightly outdated design, have a tendency to fail at the most inconvenient and unexpected times, which can end up deciding the fate of a battle. Having trusted mechanics and engineers on the ready can help reverse this effect.
Planning In Advance
We shall make war plans against nations before they have begun doing same against us, and open up a whole wing for our military experts and members of government to make said plans and debate them.
Riflemakers and Gunsmith Guilds
Guilds are a way for many gunsmiths and riflemakers to meet up and come up with new designs, which is highly beneficial.
Found the Ta'izz Arsenal
The Fledgling industrial zone of Ta'izz is the perfect spot to found our first plant for heavy guns production.
Modernised Armed Forces
Through various reforms, foreign studies, and developments of our own, Yemen is now ready to show off its modern military to the other powers of the world.
Military Science
Modern military science continues to advance. We must train the next generation of minds to hold pace and advance our own military thought and leadership to keep the army of Yemen on top.
Free Kingdom
With our liberation from the corrupt Ottoman Empire complete, we can now move onto the future as a Yemeni Kingdom.
Claim Dhofar
With Greater Yemen becoming very close to reality, the last part we need is Dhofar, currently owned by the isolationist Oman.
Desperate Struggle
With our military returning fresh from fighting the Turkish oppressors, the unsavoury elements of society have risen up and struck us with our backs turned. The Battle for Yemen has begun...
Chaos in The Cities
The rebellion has reached new heights never seen before, it is nearing warlike conditions nationwide.
Rebels Crushed
Despite the rebels' fervour and devotion, our loyal military has managed to stamp out the last flames of insurrection. This should hopefully lead to a future of peace for Yemen.
Efficient Rule
The Imam has his whole life devoted himself to Yemen, impressing statesmen from across the globe. His rule shall be hailed as one of progress and efficiency.
Devoted Sovereign
The king now remains as the final authority within Yemen, with no one being able to stand in his way. All people will look up to him and his excellent rule.
Humane and Just
A foreign man once noted the Imam's methods as 'Humane and Patriarchal'. Such is his rule seen to his loyal subjects as Humane and Just.
Military Roads
Reconstructing roads within the country to be built for the military will help troops reach where they need to be more efficiently.
The Heart of Yemen
San'ā is the heart and home of the Yemeni people, where all roads begin and end. We must build it up further to ensure its glory stays.
Unified Economy
The economy within Yemen was hit hard by the effects of Black Monday, and many lessons have been learned. Now we can attempt to reunify the economy.
Advanced Communications
Radar is a rather recent innovation in the western world which helps things like troops, ships, and planes detect enemy movement. Studying this technology could allow all corners of Yemen to be overseen from San'ā.
Sole and Final Authority
The Imam of Yemen will work as the sole and final authority in all of Yemen, with everything done within the government being approved by him.
End the Imamate
It is time to liberate the Yemeni people and allow for Yemen to be free! The First Republic of Yemen is declared!
Hold Elections
With the liberation of the country over, it is now time for Yemen to hold its first elections. The two competing are the Shabab Al-Amr and the Hait al-Nadial, with both having a good chance of winning.
Conservative Republic
With the victor of the first Yemeni election being the Hait al-Nadial party, the foundation of the Republic will be built with a Conservative mindset and structure.
Reaffirm Common Law
Common Law, or Sharia Law, forms the backbone of laws in the Muslim world. We shall hold true to our traditions and build our republic from these values.
Presidential Powers
The next step to establishing peace within the new republic is to appoint a President to fill the rower vacuum left by the Imam.
Cash Crop Trade
Many crops like near Yemen's coast, with farmers constantly labouring for them. Some of these are more exclusive to our geographical area, and could be sold for cash.
Centre of the Red Sea
The Red Sea is an area we desperately need to protect if we want to ensure we keep our many trade profits, but our currently sub-par navy cannot achieve this.
Trade With Europe
With our key location beyond the Suez canal and through the Red Sea, Europeans trading with us can help us exploit our excellent geographic position.
Liberal Republic
With the victory of the first Yemeni election being the Shabab al-Amr, the foundation of the Republic will be built with a Liberal mindset and structure.
Modernise Laws
Yemen's laws still contain many authoritarian practices and outdated imperialist constructs within them, and are in desperate need of a revamp.
Regional Rule
With the victory of the Liberal party, we can end the autocracy of San'ā, and bring the power of Yemen back to the whole nation. Removing more power from the central government and moving it to regional government can help us ensure this.
Electrification
Nearly all of Yemen is without the benefits of the marvel of electric lighting. If we are to enlighten the people, we must light up the nation.
New Development
With the rapid development across Yemen, we can begin to expand the industry for our people. Our moves here will be the foundation of our new Yemen.
Begin Industrialisation
With the constitution clarified and the industry being built upon, Yemen can begin to truly industrialise itself. This will be a lengthy and tough process, but the modernisation of the country could bring miracles into the future.
Local Representatives
While Yemen is largely united, each area in Yemen contains various minorities and tribes, especially in the south. Assigning representatives to reflect the needs of each of these people-groups will allow us to properly govern the country.
Welcome Intellectuals
Yemen stands as a beacon of free thought and expression in a sea of oppressive fearful monarchies. Already intellectuals pour in from across the neighbouring lands seeking asylum.
Begin Nahda
Nahda is much like the Renaissance of the western world but centred around the Islam faith. With it supporting things like Pan-Islamist thought and Anti-Colonialism, it will be important for building our country into the future.
Political Liberties
Our people should be able to freely speak their minds on various issues involving the government and its policies, and help us construct the government properly.
Pan Arabist Thought
With our various modernisations and the embracing of Nahda, originally Pan-Islamic thought has evolved into specifically Pan-Arabist thought. This thought process can help our government and country work towards a future where this is possible.
The Unification of Arabia
With us managing to secure our independence against the Ottoman and Arabian threat, we have managed to unite Arabia under our own banner. While consolidating large swathes of land will be a difficult process, we can now officially declare a united Arabia.
Damage Control
The damage caused by our war with the former Arabia has caused devastation within many parts of our new lands and old. We must limit the damage by containing it wherever we can.
Rebuild and Heal
The people in the new lands are hardly culturally Yemeni, and integrating Yemeni culture within the Arabian ideal will be a long and arduous process.
Appease Tribes
Many local tribes lie within the sparsely populated areas of Arabia, and act independently from our government. We'll need to compensate these tribes if we want our government to be recognised by them.
Mobilise the Military as Police
With the majority of local threats gone, we can safely begin to mobilise the military as police within our country in order to calm the unrest.
Crackdown on Dissent
With the mobilisation of the police, cracking down on disloyalty among local tribes has become a much easier job.
Purge the Saudis
The Saudi dynasty tried to destroy our country, and we will respond in kind. No mercy shall be shown to those who threatened our people!
Give Religious Freedom
Yemen itself follows a very different sect of Islam compared to the rest of Arabia, and it would be difficult to convert everyone to our point of view. Ensuring they can practise their religions in peace should work as an alternate solution.
Begin Integration
Through our many reforms, we can begin the integration of many parts of Arabia. This will only be the beginning of an even longer process.
New Administration
With unrest mainly gone, we can sort the administration of our vast expanse of territory.
Welcome the Rashids Back
The Rashid Dynasty of Jabal Shammar was defeated by the Saudi's and is related to ours. Letting them have a seat in our government will show both good courtesy and help improve our Arabian bonds.
Complete the Integration
With all processes done and over with, we can now become more than Arabia in name only, and make our people see themselves as people within Arabia as well.
Yemen
Yemeni
Yemen
Workers' Republic of Yemen
the Workers' Republic of Yemen
Workers' Republic of Yemen
the Workers' Republic of Yemen
Workers' Republic of Yemen
the Workers' Republic of Yemen
Republic of Yemen
the Republic of Yemen
Republic of Yemen
the Republic of Yemen
Republic of Yemen
the Republic of Yemen
Republic of Yemen
the Republic of Yemen
Arabia
Arabian
Arabia
Arabian Workers' Republic
the Arabian Workers' Republic
Arabian Workers' Republic
the Arabian Workers' Republic
Arabian Workers' Republic
the Arabian Workers' Republic
Arabian Republic
the Arabian Republic
Arabian Republic
the Arabian Republic
Arabian Republic
the Arabian Republic
Arabian Republic
the Arabian Republic
Rassid Arabia
Rassid Arabia
Rassid Arabia
Rassid Arabia
Rassid Arabia
Rassid Arabia
Yahya al Hamid
§YBorn:§! §LJune 18th, 1869, in San'ā, Eyalet of Yemen, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrom 1934 onwards, Yahya redirected his energies toward internal consolidation of his authority and the creation of a viable central government, answerable to him personally. To this end, he now seeks to establish control over the Yemeni hinterland, a modern standing army, and clear rules for succession of hereditary governorships, all while keeping a close eye on the tumultuous political environment in San'ā itself. With al-Hamid at the helm, Yemen moves into the modern age while maintaining its semi-feudal state of affairs.§!
Ahmad ibn Yahya
§YBorn:§! §LJune 18th, 1891, in San'ā, Vilayet of Yemen, Ottoman Empire§!
Abdul Rahman al-Eryani
§YBorn:§! §LJune 10th, 1910, in Iryan, Vilayet of Yemen, Ottoman Empire§!
Ahmad Muhammad Numan
§YBorn:§! §LApril 26th, 1909, in Turbat Dhubhan, Vilayet of Yemen, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOut of Ta'izz, the Numan family could be described as middle class. As a Sunni, Ahmad could not attain a proper education in Muslim science to advance in Yemen. This may have been due to rumours that his family was descended from Yemeni Jews. Instead, Ahmad was educated in western logic at the al Madrassa al Ahliyya. This school eventually played host to Ahmad's reform group, Nadi a Islah. The Nadi a Islah saw both the Mutawakkili kingdom and the Ottoman Caliphate as relics that held back Yemen. He formed a programme that disguised social reforms behind the terminology of reactionaries. Promoting the Good and Preventing the Bad allowed his rebellion to sway otherwise conservatives Yemenis. Ultimately, this proclamation for Yemen was to ease coming change into a badly divided country.§!
Ali Nassar al-Qadari
§YBorn:§! §L1885, in Rahabah, Vilayet of Yemen, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of Sheikh Nasser ibn Mas'ad, Ali Nasser had a common background. As a Sunni, he took up rebellion against Imam Yahya in 1928, when Imam had imposed his rule over Aden. Al Nasser then fled the Imam's draft, and joined the rebels. The rebellion saw Ali Nasser tap into his artistic side, waxing poetically about his mission to kill the Imam. To this end, he joined the underground Hait al-Nadial organisation, and through his expressive voice became their leader.§!
Hassal al-Amiri
§YBorn:§! §L1920, in San'ā, Yemeni Imamate§!
Abdullah as-Sallal
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 9th, 1917, in San'ā, Vilayet of Yemen, Ottoman Empire§!
Yucatan Focus Tree
Yucatan
Yucatec
Yucatan
PNR
Partido Nacional Revolucionario (National Revolutionary Party)
PT
Partido del Trabajo (Labour Party)
PSY
Partido Socialista de Yucatán (Socialist Party of Yucatán)
PRD
Partido de la Revolución Democrática (Party of the Democratic Revolution)
PAY
Partido Alianza por Yucatán (Alliance for Yucatán Party)
PL
Partido Liberal (Liberal Party)
PAN
Partido Acción Nacional (National Action Party)
PNY
Partido Nacionalista de Yucatán (Nationalist Party of Yucatán)
Junta Militar
Junta Militar (Military Junta)
UNS
Unión Nacional Sinarquista (National Synarchist Union)
Yucatán Rebellion
National Joint Command
Reformed High Command
Mayan Rangers
Mayan Code
Defending Our Freedom
State Police
Fair Market
Fiscal Reform
Agricultural Aid
Freedom of the Press
Maya Tax Breaks
Economic Interventionism
Social Welfare
A Republic for All
Agricultural Unions
Land Tax
Supporting Small Landowners
Memory of Cruzoob
A Yucatánese Constitution
Security is compromised
Export Profits
Yucatec Military
Our history of self-defence permeates the provisional military structure. Yucatec militias are being recalled to duty to protect their homes from the tyrannical Cuidado government once again.
Yucatec High Command
In Mérida's Municipal Palace, our highest-ranking officers have come together to plan a defence of our liberties. An eclectic mix of former revolutionaries, militias, Red Guardsman, and local volunteers give us a variety of experience to draw from.
Mérida Barricades
The first order is to barricade Mérida's wide avenues and block the main road. We cannot risk letting Cuidado traitors into our city in this time of national crisis.
National Joint Command
Within the city are posts for several Mexican combatant commands, including the Escuela Superior de Guerra. The President has ordered the Chief of Staff to unify those that remain into a new National Joint Command to best utilise our meagre manpower.
Reform National Army
Our ramshackle organisation is in dire need of reform. General Salvador Alvarado has suggested a set of drills that were employed by the Colegio Militar to rapidly prepare soldiers for service, which isn't too far away from their homes.
Improve Equipment
Our arsenal is mostly composed of leftover arms of the 1910 revolution, and whatever loyalists came to Yucatán with. It is worth it to purchase better gun designs, and prepare for a longer conflict after the emergency has ended.
Reverse Engineering
Where we cannot buy, we must steal. Small arms smuggled past the blockade are given to our machinists in an attempt to reverse engineer whatever works to our advantage.
Domestic Arms Production
We cannot hope to supply our army with nothing but scavenged or foreign equipment forever. If we hope to have a fighting chance against anyone threatening our young nation, we should invest in our first industrial complex dedicated entirely to weapons production, which will hopefully be the first of many.
Maya Expertise
Centuries of eluding the Cuidado military must be brought forward if we are to ever cut off the enemy supply chain. The Chief of Staff has called in old Maya to assist in travelling the old Indian paths and helping units survive when their food supplies run low.
Call to Arms
While the population of Yucatán is enthusiastic and grateful to finally be free from the Cuidado, their commitment to the war could be better. We must leverage the cultural achievements of Yucatán's many poets recruit for the military.
War of Resistance
Winning this most significant war with the Cuidado government will require the loyalty of every village. Soldiers who love their homes will resist to their last breath against tyranny.
Expand the United Railways of Yucatán
Connecting our two largest cities, the narrow gauge railroad going from Mérida to Campeche is the main artery supplying our armies fighting on the border. We should invest into it further and acquire more trains to meet both civilian and military demands.
Mayan Rangers
Our Mayan experts have organised themselves into special divisions suited for deep operations behind enemy lines. These Mayan Rangers will outmanoeuvre the more solid, slow enemies.
Artillery Brigades
Artillery brigades are a godsend when we heard them roll into Mérida. This will enable us to survive the long siege if the enemy makes it to our capital.
Maya Code
The Maya's traditional system of seasonal conflict has been broken over the last century by the Mexican government's incursions. The lessons learned about avoiding the valleys in the summer were lost to the Cuidado Army, which we still retain.
Modern Division Structure
Further optimism comes past the blockades in the form of manuals on military drilling. Our National Joint Command is prepared to reorganise our divisions to fight future against combined arms enemies.
Drill the Natives
While the Mayan Rangers have worked swimmingly, the normal Mayan militias appear to treat the conflict with some indifference. We are a republic, and they are citizens, not a retinue. These soldiers should receive the same training as would a Mérida resident.
Production Sites
Clearing new land for production sites is a necessity, as usable land is at a premium in Yucatán.
Naval Docks
Our only access to the outside world, Progreso, has no modern naval facilities to speak of. A dockyard named after the remoteness of the city, Terminal Remota, has been constructed in order to break us out of the bubble.
Protecting Our Coast
This new dockyard is an obvious target for raiders. We must allocate some more industrial output to protecting Terminal Remota.
Yucatán Navy
The banner of Yucatán now flies over a defensive navy, the first step towards projecting our power out of the peninsula.
Yucatán Air Force
Several modified crop dusters have made their way to a cleared field outside city limits. These first steps towards an air force will pay in dividends as an independent nation.
Airplane Acquisitions
Further connections in Guatemala have secured us airplanes with some defensive capabilities. Nothing major, but a symbolic victory over the environment and the Cuidado.
Aerial Drills
A small group of brave men have volunteered to take flight with a US instructor. These drills will make best use of our capabilities to fight larger forces.
Defending the Yucatán
Though we are so young as a nation, the collective effort by our armed forces puts us on par with other independent republics like Costa Rica, who has defended their independence for a century.
Yucatec Democracy
For the last seventy years, Yucatec have fought for democratic representation by the Cuidado. The imposition of Hispanidad and La Raza policies by the Sinarquistas that pushed us over the edge. We shall never submit to racialist dictators of any kind.
Partido Liberal
The last decade has seen a growth in liberal thought, thanks to the guidance of the revolutionary Salvador Allende. These new democratic thinkers have impressed the people of Mérida with their commitment to social freedom and self-expression.
Fair and Free Market
The Caste System, the Compensaros System, both repressive institutions that stop the free flow of goods and their fair value of human expertise from being realised. The Partido Liberal has cleared the way for a more democratic market, without resorting to syndicalism as the Cuidado did.
Equal Opportunities
A large bonfire in the middle of town is being made to burn the existing feudal obligations. A true shame that the revolution of the north, with all its ambition to undo oppression, still demanded records of haciendas be taken and taxes. Our President has declared this day 'Bonfire Day', and a bank holiday.
Business Grants
Just as soon as opportunity present itself, the global market responds. Entrepreneurs from the US and Central America have already begun to show up and request business grants from our new governments.
Fiscal Reform
Our finances have been in shambles since the republic was declared, as our money supply is frozen and banks have left. The President has authorised the creation of a Banco Nacional to handle the money supply, and restore confidence in the market.
Responsible Budget
In order to ensure the national crisis resolves in our favour, the Banco Nacional has helped the President organise a new national budget that will allocate funds to other quality of life Yucatec need.
Foreign Investment
The Business Grant programme has begun run out of funds, and is at risk of defaulting. A solution presented by the President is to create a second administration to serve as an intermediary between foreign investors and business owners in Yucatán. An offshore account in the US has been set up, and advertisements taken out in American newspapers to attract investment into our new republic.
Press Freedom
It is important to leverage the artistic and intellectual capacity of the free press, even if it is staffed by one too many revolutionaries. We do not discriminate in that way, so the press of Yucatán is free to debate.
Libertad o Muerte
We are committed as a party to the defence of Yucatán with our lives, at whatever the cost.
Partido Alianza por Yucatán
A coalition of socialist, democratic, and social democrats in Yucatán have come together in a common goal of self-defence and economic liberalism.
Build Democracy
Yucatec governing bodies must be judged not on their adherence to tradition, but adherence to the democratic ideals of the Constitución Politica del Estado de Yucatán. A democratic Ayuntamiento, and local elections must be ensured.
Agricultural Aid
Our ailing economy in the aftermath of Black Monday was never treated seriously by the Cuidado. Our cash crops devalued, and farmers unable to adjust to more subsistence farming has led to widespread hunger.
Constitutional Review
The old Constitution of Yucatán was last reformed in 1862, and only guaranteed some of the secular state, and officiated the Republican form of government. A second round of reforms is necessary to secure the right to culture, education, and prerogative.
Maya Tax Breaks
The heavily taxed Mayan villages need relief from their old feudal burdens. Their rights to social prerogative means their right to a tax regime democratically voted by the Ayuntamiento.
Industrialisation Imports
Outside connections made by Yucatec living abroad has come back to us, including industrial toolmaking and smelting equipment sent over as 'gifts.' With these, our party can secure an industrial base faster and better than the Socialista could.
Economic Interventionism
It is unfortunate that our economic incentives have not taken to Yucatán as fast as we had hoped. It has been decided by the Ayuntamiento to set up a government administration to teach industrial foundry and business management. This has the approval of both socialists and liberals.
Partido de la Revolución Democrática
A compromise between revolution and evolution, the Partido de la Revolución Democrática is triumphant.
Increase Public Spending
A wealth Mérida has stored must be put back into the economy to help us recover.
Social Welfare
A welfare system like that Zapata promised the country before he was overthrown will help all Yucatec.
Improve Rural Work Conditions
Rural work conditions have been abysmal in the lack of actual revolutionary changes promised by the government. We should evaluate farms with poor living conditions and set standards for workplace safety, especially as we cannot pass child worker laws in the Ayuntamiento.
Rural Peace
Ending the feudal-era family rivalries is a major goal of our term. We must ensure the people work towards a common liberation, and not for their own advantage in peonage.
A Republic for All
The citizenship debate that raged within the Ayuntamiento is finally over. All natural born citizens are afforded full legal rights, and a path for naturalisation is established for immigrants wishing to live free in Central America.
No More Caste War
The Caste system that outlasted the revolution could not survive the republic.
Partido Socialista de Yucatán
The revolution is reborn in Yucatán, and freedom from all castes, including that of capitalism, now declared.
Land Collectivisation
Feudalistic farming systems shall be collectivised to relieve unemployment and improve productivity.
People's Assemblies
The Ayuntamiento of Mérida shall be replaced with a wholly democratic Assemblea Popular.
Agricultural Unions
We shall create a special place in the Assemblea Popular for Trade and Agricultural Unions. These unions will represent each craft essential in the functioning of Yucatán.
Memory of Cruzoob
The Cruzoob Revolution has been disparaged by foolish romanticists for decades. We must utilise the artistic talent within the party to bring the truth of their heroics into the public conscious.
People's Revolution
Our war against the Sinarquistas is a People's Revolution, and every inch we win is a victory against the forces of reaction and capitalism.
Central American Overtures
After meeting with several members of the Sandinistas, we are ready to take a larger role in the Central American socialist movement as a whole. We shall ask the Central Americans to join their nation.
The Plumed Serpent Rises Again
The Plumed Serpent, or Kukulcan, was a primary Mayan god. The ancient Mayans believed that when he reappeared, good times were sure to come. Though there are precious few believers in the old gods now, it may be that mentioning his return will reignite our economy.
National Constitution
All political parties agree that there should be a new constitution for the Yucatec nation. All further disputes will undoubtedly be worked out at the convention. Summon the leading statesmen of the nation to Merida!
Women's Suffrage
As part of the constitution, many parties agree that we should shoot far ahead of reactionary Mexico in our pursuit of better rights for the women of Yucatán. Though of course their place is primarily in the home, giving them the right to vote could only help our popularity.
Land Issue
Many of our nation's farmers compete too fiercely over their plots of land, trying to grow the most cash crops as possible to feed their families with the money they make. The government knows what these farmers need better than they do, but what is it?
Agricultural Wealth
Now that our government has completed land reform, we can hopefully redouble our agricultural production, stimulating the economy and helping our citizens!
Promote Secularism
Mexico may now be rolling back its anti-Catholic laws under its authoritarian regime, but we in Yucatán maintain that anyone can worship freely.
Land of the Free
Any Mexicans that wish to come to Yucatán to escape authoritarianism may do so. All are welcome!
Establish State Policing
Our villages, towns and cities must be kept in good order. The militias that have served in the countryside must be reorganised and deployed once more.
Root Out Mexican Spies
Some of the refugees we have let into our nation have been less welcome than we previously implied. Any who come to spread disorder and unrest will be punished.
Army Operational Autonomy
In order to secure our independence from Mexico, our army must be free of political sentiment and infighting. As such, we will give each general and commander a political attaché, to make sure that they must go through an intermediary to interact with the government.
Building Yucatán
Our nation is as of yet not as developed as it could be industrially. We must build in the cities and towns, all for the greater aid of our people.
Infrastructure Development
We must improve the roads between Campeche, Chetumal and Merida. These, the largest and most important of our cities, must be tied ever more closely together.
Port Expansion
The port of Merida must be the path into Mexico - at least, the respectable Mexico. Though democracy has fallen in Mexico City, the nations of the world can still find free trade in Yucatán.
Agricultural Export Incentives
Though our nation may not produce much in the way of valuable resources, we can now, with land reform complete, bring up production and start exporting Yucatec textiles to the rest of the Caribbean.
Bilingual Education Effort
If we are to establish a separate national identity from the acquisitive powers about us, we must restore our national identity. The only fitting one seems to be a Mayan identity. As such, we should encourage bilingual education in our schools, in both Spanish and Maya.
Maya National Revival
There is no doubt in the mind of [YUC.GetLeader] that our country must ascend to its full greatness by restoring Maya culture throughout Yucatán. Soon, we will be a great nation again.
The Yucatán Constitution
In Mérida, the new Yucatán Constitution was signed. While it was modelled on the 1917 Mexican Constitution, it also included quite a bit of Mayan legal code as well. Moreover it is also a compromise between the various factions within the Yucatec government.
Viva Libre Yucatán!
The Land Issue
The issue of Land reform has been brought up and the question is how should we handle the land reform. Some suggest supporting small land owners, while others think we should implement the Georgist idea of a land tax, or collectivising the land what should we do?
Collectivise the land.
Implement Georgism.
Support small land owners.
Dealing with Mexican Spies
We have recently caught a number of Mexican Spies that are trying to infiltrate our government. The question is what should we do with them. Some think we should deport them. Others think that we should just execute them while finally some think we should try to turn them to our side.
Execute them.
Deport them.
Try to turn them.
Election of [GetYear]
The first election of the new Republic of Yucatán is bringing about a great deal of fanfare throughout the country. Of course the question is whom shall the people choose to be the President, now that we have won our independence?
It is time for another presidential election within the Yucatán. Whom shall the voters choose to lead the Republic?
Partido Liberal.
Partido Alianza por Yucatán.
Party of the Democratic Revolution.
Partido Socialista de Yucatán.
Mexican Spies Discovered!
Today, there was a terrible discovery in Merida. It seems that some of the bureaucrats in the government were secretly Mexican spies, sent to attack our nation's institutions at the core. Though they have been arrested, there may still be more lurking about.
Terrible!
Influencing Yucatán?
To our north, the Yucatecs have revolted from Mexican rule successfully and are now establishing a government. There are currently many in our nation that seek to reestablish contact with their ethnic Maya brethren in Yucatán. If we used this opportunity to influence Yucatán's politics towards a socialist alignment, we could possibly gain a strong ally to the north.
Go for it.
It's too much effort.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Influences Our Politics!
The Guatemalan migrants entering our nation have brought more with them than welcome manpower and economic activity - they have also brought radical socialist ideologies with them! We are powerless to stop this trend, as the border to our south is far too porous, and the migrants too valuable, to guard properly.
Damn them!
[FROM.GetName] Asks to Join [ROOT.GetNameDef]
The socialists in our sister republic of [FROM.GetName] have long watched our progress as we reform Central America into a socialist paradise. Now, it seems, they are prepared to join our nation as another component republic. Should we allow this long-awaited unification to happen?
Of course!
We don't want Mexican outcasts!
Centroamérica Agrees!
Our southern neighbours have agreed to our request to accede to their nation. We shall have a glorious future as part of a greater Central America.
Hip hip, hoorah!
Felipe Carrillo Puerto
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1874, in Motul, Yucatán, United Mexican States§!
Álvaro Torre Díaz
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 5th, 1883, in Mérida, Yucatán, United Mexican States§!
Manuel Gómez Morin
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 27th, 1897, in Batopilas, Chihuahua, United Mexican States§!
Gustavo Arce Correa
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 18th, 1881, in Tizimín, Yucatán, United Mexican States§!
Salvador Alvarado
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1880, in Cuiacán, Sinaloa, United Mexican States§!
Manuel Castilla Brito
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 26th, 1872, in San Francisco de Campeche, Campeche, United Mexican States§!
