Two Sicilies Focus Tree
Black Monday hits the Mezzogiorno
The Worst is Over
Austerity Measures
Thriving Economy
Army Reforms
The Army of Trinacria
Sicily's Last Stand
The Land Issue
The Land Issue
The Land Issue
Ongoing Industrialisation Programme
ANFA Subsidies
Christian Trade Unions
Public Work Projects
Breadbasket of Italy
All Behind the King
Autonomies Protected
Member of the Italian Confederation
This nation is a member of the Italian Confederation, a loose alliance of states united around a shared heritage, which was formed by the victorious Sicilians in the aftermath of the Second Risorgimento.
Joint Confederate Army
While the many states of the new Italian Confederation maintain their own individual armies, they do not operate completely independently. Through joint organisation and cooperation these armies are able to fight together as a cohesive unit on the battlefield.
Italy Reborn
Nuovo Regio Esercito
Following the declaration that the now unified Italy shall rise to the status of empire, the old primarily Sicilian army has been replaced with an army made up of those all across the empire.
Planning the Liberation
Profits from Shipyards
Improved Port Factilities
Naval Modernisation
Secret Police
Corporatism
Motorised Offensive
Sicilian Automotive Industry
Syndicalist Terrorists
National Catholic Unions
The awful ripples of the economic collapse of Germany's continental system have shaken our economy.
The awful ripples of the economic collapse of Germany's continental system have subsided, but are still intense enough to cause meaningful budgetary issues.
The awful ripples of the economic collapse of Germany's continental system can by now barely be even noticed, thanks to wise and decisive government action.
Sicily's economy has fully recovered from the disastrous years it just went through, and we hope this crisis was the last our nation had to face.
A small clique of generals is taking the steps needed to reform our military.
The army of our Kingdom is now a fighting force like no other, modern, well equipped and brave. The pride of the nation will save its soul!
We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in this island of Sicily, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be. We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender.
Ever since the invasion of the Lombards, our lands have been dominated by large-scale landholders. The situation only got worse through the last decades and centuries, and very few men hold almost all the land, creating significant tension in rural areas of our Kingdom.
With the use of military force, intense political action and intervention by concerned community leaders, we have managed to counter the influence of the most powerful of the landed magnates.
While not every man holds vast swathes of land, we have taken effective measures to reform land distribution in our kingdom in a meaningful manner.
Large amounts of capital is being invested in industrial zones in Naples, Taranto and other major cities.
Economic incentives and legal protections are in place to ensure our tank manufacturing doesn't stay behind.
'You can't serve both Money and God'
Our focus on infrastructure investments allows the fine captains of our industry to focus on their proper endeavours.
Ever since the times of Athens and Sparta, our Mezzogiorno has been a breadbasket of all kinds for this entire wide ocean. And with proper support, our national vocation can truly be embraced.
A king restored to his throne is the pinnacle of the will of the people; the people of Sicily had every opportunity to reject His Royal Majesty; Why we did not? For the simple fact that a monarchy is the natural state of humanity, and every single group of people requires a leader who leads by example, not power or oppression.
The autonomy of the smallest of villages is just as important as that of the greatest of cities. Only when our kingdom works like a healthy and autonomous body can we ensure true peace.
In order to ensure our security and continuing stability, the Italian Federation will be reorganised into the first Italian Empire, to ensure a safer and more secure society.
For too long northern Italy has been under French occupation; we are taking measures to ensure our operation to free it is swift and successful.
Sicily has, for more than a decade, greatly profited from the use of its large drydocks to sell warships to various nations in these troubled times. These profits give the state a meaningful contribution, even if most of our drydocks are working for foreign powers.
Traitorous elements to the state are to be reported to the authorities if they involve themselves in syndicalist activities; that is if concerned community leaders don't get them first!
Several major corporations and industrialists have a larger say in our economic policy than previously.
The age of horsemen is over; to properly function as a military, we need to modernise not only our equipment but our mentality. There are things we just don't do anymore.
While we had little in the way of auto industry before the Civil War, now many leading industries are located here, and now have official support to produce wartime goods.
Syndicalist and Anarchist irregular forces are becoming a growing issue that must be tackled.
Workers together, meeting and working together against the proper enemy of all that is good: The French and their foul ideas.
Angry Nobility
Organic Italy
Reformed Constitutional Monarchy
The Italian Confederation has been formed
The Italian Empire has been declared
Have not attempted to invite another country within the last month
§RWARNING§!: Agreeing may lead to annexation, and you will switch play to §Y[uniter.GetNameDef]§!
§RWARNING§!: Agreeing may lead to releasing component states, and you will switch play to either §Y[LOM.GetNameDef]§! or §Y[VNC.GetNameDef]§!
§RWARNING§!: Agreeing may lead to becoming an autonomous puppet of §Y[uniter.GetNameDef]§!
The 1937 election has taken place
The government has chosen to pursue land reform
The government has chosen to work with the landowners
The steel mines have already developed in Campania
The aluminium mines have already developed in Campania
Italia Unita
Italia Unita
USM
Unione Sindacale del Mezzogiorno
ARS
Alleanza Riformista Socialista
PPD
Partito Popolare Democratico
DC
Democrazia Cristiana
PL
Partito Liberale
PDC
Partito Democratico Cristiano
PA
Partito Agrario
Dinastia d'e Burbone 'e Napule
Dinastia d'e Burbone 'e Napule
IDS
Integralisti 'e Ddoje Sicilie
Never Surrender!
We shall go on to the end. We shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our country, whatever the cost may be. We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender!
Declare the Italian Empire
While we did not set out to re-unite Italy, in the face of our enemies we have done it nevertheless. The time has come to declare a new empire, overlord of an Italy reborn under Sicilian rule!
Invite [From.GetNameDef] into the Empire
With the threat of the Socialist Republic now eliminated and the Italian Empire firmly established, it is time to extend our hand to [From.GetNameDef] and begin negotiations with the [From.GetAdjective] government to bow down before the new President of the Federation and rejoin Italy at last.
Cores may now be established in claims outside of Sicilian territory\n
Form the Italian Confederation
With much of the Italian peninsula under our sway, the time has come to establish a restoration of the old order: a confederation of Italian states, all under our benevolent management. With luck, this arrangement can be expanded into a closer partnership, all in the spirit of Italian cooperation.
Invite [From.GetNameDef] into the Confederation
With the threat of the Socialist Republic now eliminated and the Italian Confederation firmly established under [Root.GetAdjective] control, it is time to extend our hand to [From.GetNameDef] and begin negotiations with the [From.GetAdjective] government to rejoin Italy at last.
Join the Entente
Our friends in France will help us liberate the North, just as we will aid them in reclaiming their birthright. We should work together to reclaim their lands and control the Mediterranean sea
Join the Reichspakt
Germany is the only Great Power of Europe, only they can effectively be a counterweight to the Syndicalist menace.
Join the Donau-Adriabund
The Habsburg Monarchy has aided us in the past, and will be wise enough to see the value of aiding the true Italian government when the time is right
Make a Deal with [SRD.GetNameDef]
Now that we are in control of Piedmont, an opportunity presents itself to us: we can offer them control over the region, a means back onto the mainland, and in return they will join our confederation and become an autonomous puppet of the Sicilian government. It would be a difficult offer for them to refuse!
Call on [From.GetNameDef] for Help
With [SRI.GetNameDef] at war with us, [From.GetNameDef] has to know they will be their next target should we lose. If they are wise, they will answer our call for help now before it is too late.
Develop Steel Mines in [117.GetName]
Develop Aluminium Mines in [117.GetName]
Royal Armed Forces
After the devastating civil war that tore Italy apart, the remnants of the Royal Italian Army in the south were reorganised into the Royal Army of the Two Sicilies. However, this reorganisation is not yet complete and steps must be taken in that direction.
Take the Fight to Them!
The answer to the Syndicalist question is simple: Look for an opening to attack! Liberate all of Italy from these treacherous French snakes before other envious powers do so!
Sicilian Automotive Industry
The key to modern warfare is to move faster than our enemies to outmanoeuvre them. Thankfully, many automotive leaders were pushed off of Syndicalist lands and can lend us a hand in reclaiming occupied territory.
Mechanised Offensive
More than just using trucks, we will use special infantry transport vehicles to gain the upper hand against the Red Tide.
Mobilise the Realm
Every man must do his duty to save Italy's soul from Syndicalism and French slavery. Are YOU doing your part?
Planning the Grand Offensive
Invading the North will be no easy task; terrain, climate and the logistics of French reinforcements all must be taken into account if we are to triumph in this dangerous battle.
Armoured Thrusts
The Syndicalists likely have battle lines waiting for us, but we will smash through them with the power of Italian engineering!
War with the SRI
We are at war with the Socialist Republic - now the time has come for Italy to be reclaimed from the godless syndicalists!
Arditi degli Appennini
The mountainous region in the border with the Syndicalist-controlled areas will be a crucial battleground. As will be the Alps, once we are forced to face the French menace. Our elite troops, heirs of the surviving Alpini of the Royal Italian Army, will gallantly serve again.
Sicilian Marine Corps
Our navy can ensure superiority in the seas; with that advantage, we will strike at the coastlines of the Syndicalists and reclaim Italy for the Italians.
Consolidate Division Structures
Our army is still in many ways a mish-mash of militias, old Federal Italian divisions, conscripts and foreign volunteers. Organising it into an effective fighting force will be a complicated task.
Support Army Reformists
A small clique of generals is planning audacious reforms to our military structure and planning. Perhaps allowing them to have their voice heard is in our best interest.
Defensive Stance
We are hopelessly outnumbered by the Third Internationale. The best course of action is to defend our perimeter defences until the time is right to strike down the Syndicalists in a devastating counteroffensive.
Artillery Batteries
The Abruzzo line must be held if our plans are to succeed. We must ensure that our artillery has the firepower needed to properly beat back any offensive pushes from the Syndicalists.
Defending the Skies
Maintaining Aerial Superiority will be an utterly vital matter in this war of national defence. We must ensure our planes are ready, modern and well crewed.
Advance Defence Plans
We know where they will attack, and how. Now all we need to do is entrench ourselves properly and act accordingly to preserve our independence.
Further the Abruzzo Line
The Syndicalists believe they can smash through our forces easily with French backup. How wrong they are! The Abruzzo line is one of the most heavily fortified areas in all of Europe, and we will not relinquish an inch of it that easily!
Coastal Batteries
The perfidious Syndicalists will no doubt be frustrated by our effective resistance and will attempt many naval landings against us to seize key ports and supply lines of our kingdom. We will have especially large and modern guns as a special welcome gift, as planned.
The Battle for Trinacria
The time for struggle has arrived! We will defend our cities to the last man, alone if need be, for our very faith and lives are under threat from the evils of Syndicalism.
ANFA Expansion Effort
Economic incentives and legal protections must be put into place to ensure our tank manufacturing doesn't stay behind that of our foul foes.
The Army of Sicily
The army of our Kingdom should be a fighting force like no other, modern, well equipped and brave. The pride of the nation will save its soul!
The Future of the Mezzogiorno
Our status of being the wealthiest of Italian nations is not due to our actual wealth, but to how the other parts of the peninsula's assets are either war-torn or owned by foreign investors. We are effectively the last hope of Italian industry.
The Agrarian Question
Ever since the invasion of the Lombards, our lands have been dominated by large-scale landholders. Very few men own almost all the land, and the conditions for those working the land is almost feudal. With the election passed, the time has come to finally address the issue.
Modernise Farming Methods
No more can the ploughshare and wheelbarrow truly be deemed the tools of the farmers; tractors and other machines of the modern age are slowly but surely taking their place.
Buy Back the Land
It will be costly, but we will sit down with the landowners and discuss a fair price to buy back large tracts of their land - which we can then put to our own, better use.
First Steps of Land Reform
With continued use of military force, intense political action and intervention by concerned community leaders, we will start breaking up the private land areas - no matter what the current owners have to say about it.
Completing Land Reform
It may take the use of force, even evicting some landowners from their estates, but in the end the country will benefit greatly.
The Future of Farming
It has taken time, but the changes we've made to land use in the countryside have taken hold and already we're seeing an increase in efficiency and the growth of urban areas. The path we took was difficult, but we got there.
Industrial Investments
In order to properly modernise our great nation, we will attempt to gather the resources we need by gathering foreign and local capital into our own investment plans.
Begin Industrialisation Efforts
Historically an agrarian area, any effort to industrialise the region of the Mezzogiorno will be an expensive and complex endeavour. We, however, are up to the challenge.
Incentives Arms Industries
The arms industry is an important economic sector. By working closely with contractors and offering new contracts, we can encourage the expansion of many armaments facilities.
Military Industrial Complex
The economy and the military must not be at odds, they must be like two complimentary gears in a greater machine.
Construction Subsidies
We must build faster! More forts, more trenches, more ports, more factories, more bases, more dockyards, more roads: All the needed building blocks of an independent power which we lack.
Heavy Industry Incentives
By investing into heavy industry, we can ensure that our nation's heavy industry can withstand the pressures of wartime.
Industrial Development Effort
While still an ongoing process, and an expensive one at that, we can ensure that our legacy of industrialisation is one that for centuries will have improved the Kingdom for the better. We will spare no expense.
Industrial Modernisation
More than additional factories, we need our existing ones to work better, faster and be always modern. We cannot allow the great red shadow to outproduce our military!
Dig Greedily and Deeply
We will delve and search deep, survey new mines and ensure that we have the minerals needed to protect ourselves.
Ending the Crisis
At last, we have finally ended the struggling period of Black Monday and are ready to move on. But first, we need to ensure that its last ripples are no longer felt.
Expand Aluminium Mining
Aluminium is vital for several wartime industries, and we are not going to allow a lack of it to risk our independence!
Thriving Economy
Recovering from this crisis, at last, our economy marches on to a new future; hopefully one of peace. But we will be ready if that is not the case.
Dealing with the Crisis
Dealing with a recession this catastrophic won't be easy. Albeit time will be an ally in the recovery, we must act if we are to properly see this issue dealt with.
Infrastructure Investments
As a historically rural region, little investment in the Railways and other vital infrastructure works was done in the Mezzogiorno, with the exception of works in the past 10 years. We must redouble our efforts.
Austerity Measures
Spending wisely is the key to good leadership. Our foes will envy the wealth we gain from little more than doing good common sense budgeting.
Nationalise Shipyards
By seizing the shipyards for our own use and cancelling ship orders, we can immensely increase our naval production capacity!
Expand Port Facilities
Rather than getting rid of our foreign naval contracts, we should use their interest in our ports to attract investment and improve the services Sicilian ports can provide - to them as well as to us.
Expand Napoli Shipyards
Rather than wasting valuable profits and contracts, we will expand our own capacity to produce ships, starting with the building of state drydocks in our own capital, Napoli.
Expand Taranto Shipyards
Our next state dockyard complex will be in Taranto; in this ancient city the new face of naval warfare will be sculpted.
Naval Modernisation
Our navy, while mighty, suffers from having many outdated models, and worse, outdated admirals. A major reform is in order.
Heavy Buildup
We need more ships, capable of beating back the Syndicalist scum and ensure they meet a watery grave deep in Neptune's realm. Not small, puny escort ships, but the great towering barrages of flagships will win us the sea.
New Dreadnoughts
Our current dreadnoughts are old; some almost relics that should be kept in Museums in peaceful times. If we don't make new, better dreadnought designs, our navy's performance will simply fall short.
Carrier Experiments
The idea of a Ship Carrier isn't new, but how to make it function properly and how to produce such a gargantuan ship are entirely alien concepts to our shipbuilders, and efforts will be made to remedy that failing.
Flagship Designs
The Kingdom needs a new Flagship; a fully armed and operational dreadnought capable of laying waste to a Syndicalist port in a matter of hours. To make this goal a reality, our top experts in many related fields will tirelessly work to ensure peace reigns in the seas, supported by superior firepower.
Strategic Navy
Our navy cannot stand up alone in an open battle to the Internationale. Instead, we will use it to protect our coastlines, and focus on the production of smaller ships and commerce raiding to protect our ageing capital ships and damage their economies, respectively.
Cruiser Models
Renewing our cruisers will ensure that our great ships are properly screened and that we can win the battle for both seas of Italy.
Naval Drilling
Practice makes perfect, and ensuring our Sailors knows what to do when the time comes is absolutely fundamental. A system of drills must be implemented to make sure that happens.
Mediterranean Tactics
Naval Warfare in the Mediterranean is not a simple affair, nor can it be compared to that of the Open Sea. Control of coastlines and ports, and of the skies, will be fundamental, as our capacity to plan naval campaigns and expeditions.
Submarine Effort
Our quest to naval dominance may well be reliant on more indirect means. Through submersible warfare, we will ensure our capacity to keep a naval presence even in areas which would be conventionally inaccessible by our forces.
Air Force Reform
Aerial Supremacy
IMAM Subsidies
Our air force is small and untrained, and Southern Italy's aircraft industry isn't very well developed. Fortunately, the 1923-founded Industrie Meccaniche e Aeronautiche Meridionali, commonly referred to as IMAM, is a rising star in the sector. Supporting its growth could only benefit us.
To truly win the war that approaches, we must ensure that the skies of our great Kingdom are under our control at all times.
Our industries must be able to produce the best aeroplanes they can, even if this means we must cut a few corners here and there.
The Old Order
It is clear that a centralised Italian state will only once more bring ruin by neglecting those outside of a few urban centres. The future of Italy must instead look once more to the past, and we will ensure that the new confederation will bring prosperity to all of Italy and its many peoples.
Preserve the Status Quo
The Confederation respects regional differences, local customs and cultures and is far more representative than the Savoyard kingdom ever was. However, we must keep vigilant to remind would-be traitors that we are still all Italians, and that our motherland must be defended.
Rebuilding the Northern Arms Industry
With northern Italy now free of syndicalist oppression much work must be done to fully restore the region to its former glory. To help our fellow confederation members achieve this goal, we should strive to restore the once great arms industry to its former glory.
Coordinated Commercial Development
The years of syndicalist rule have not been kind to northern business, but with the weight of socialism having now been lifted from them it is time for Italian commerce to once again spread throughout both the peninsula and one day the world.
Confederate Customs Union
We must freely allow merchandise, goods, companies and people to move through the territories of the Confederation, to ease rebuilding and ensure that the smaller states don't lack vital resources.
Organise a Joint Confederate Army
While all states of the confederation are expected to maintain their own personal armies, it is clear that not all of these armies will be equal. To solve this we must ensure that proper command structures are developed to allow all of the armies of the confederation to act in unison, fighting as one cohesive unit taking advantage of each army's unique strengths while also tackling their weaknesses.
Combined Theory Development
Italy is a fantastically diverse region where each of its peoples have their own unique experiences, and when developing the combat theories of our armed forces we should not neglect the knowledge this can impart upon us. Through cooperation and knowledge sharing within the confederation, we will be able to develop much more efficiently and effectively.
Constituent Training Schemes
With the Sicilian army being the largest and strongest of those within the confederation, it is no surprise that many from the constituent states wish to join it directly. We should encourage these new recruits and ensure that they are trained as well as the rest of our army.
Fratelli d'Italia
It is clear that disorganised confederations do nothing but hold a nation back. Like the Prussians did over sixty years ago now, Italy has been reorganised into a great empire! Lead by a southern monarch who has Italy's true interests at heart, we will surely prosper for a thousand years.
First Italian Empire
An empire must have an emperor, regardless of our great King's humble reluctance to claim the title. Having restored the nation from the brink of ruin, stamping out the threat of syndicalism, and rejecting the dominion of foreign powers who wish to see Italy remain divided and weak, it is finally time for him to receive the crown he deserves.
Restore Royal Titles
When the north was seized by socialism, much of the northern nobility were forced into exile across the world. Now that the land has been reclaimed these nobles should have their titles restored and be allowed to help manage their former holdings, as is their birthright.
Direct Centralised Rule
The feudalistic approach is an undated relic of a bygone age, one which will simply hold Italy back from the greatness it deserves. It is clear that Italy must remain a highly centralised state, and eliminate all pointless provincial and noble bureaucracy that will simply get in the way of efficient rule.
Rebuilding the North
While many of the northern nobles may have been restored to their positions, much of the north still remains scarred by the remnants of syndicalist occupation. Italy cannot just simply sit by while its people suffer, and so we should focus on aiding the reconstruction and rebuilding of the northern states.
Rewarding the South
Southern Italy has long been seen as the neglected backwater of the peninsula, one that those in the north often wish to ignore the existence of. But without the brave men and women of this \
Roma Caput Mundi
Naples served the nation as a fine capital when the need to do so was thrust upon it, but with Italy now reunited again it is time for the \
Nuovo Regio Esercito
Italy is no longer just the Sicilies, it is once again whole, and so too should be its army. It is time to reorganise and expand the army into a New Royal Army that is made up of all of Italies peoples, one fit to serve it for many years to come.
Defenders of the Alps
The Alps are the natural shield of the Italian peninsula, one that guards Italy from dangerous adversaries who seek Italian submission and destruction. It is therefore vital that Italy's soldiers are properly trained to fight with this shield, and protect the nation no matter the enemy's strength.
Rethinking the Rifle
A soldier's rifle is more than just a weapon, it is often the only thing that decides between his life and his death. To ensure that the scales are always tipped towards the former, Italian soldiers must be armed with only the latest and most advanced equipment and so a great effort must be made to develop our weapons.
Italia Irredenta!
While much of Italy is free once more, parts of the nation still suffer under foreign oppression. We will not rest until all of Italy and its peoples are free to pursue their own destiny, and build their own independent future.
Dalmatian Autonomous Province
Once a prized possession of the Serenissima, Dalmatia has since fallen far under corrupt Habsburg rule. Now that it is once again under Italian control, establishing an autonomous region in the area to manage its recovery will be a necessary first step towards revitalising the neglected coastline.
Restoration of Savoy
Savoy has always been a fundamental part of the Italian nation, and long have we wished for its restoration ever since French coercion led to it being given away. With this travesty having now been reversed, it is time to see that the territory is properly reintegrated back to its rightful status.
Paoli's Legacy
While he never succeeded in his dreams of freeing Corsica from French rule, Pasquale Paoli has become an inspiration to many Coriscans and especially those who recognise the island's intrinsic relation with Italy. With the island once more under Italian rule, we should seek to associate the new government with the legacy left by Paoli.
Venezia Tridentina
Since the days of Rome, where it was known as Venetia et Histria, the outer regions of Venice have been home to Italians with a strong culture of their own. Now that Venice has been united once more, it is time to ensure that the region is properly reintegrated back into its rightful home.
Revitalise Maltese Culture
Under the rule of the British Malta has experienced great repression when it comes to the issue of language, with Britain suppressing Italian speakers and even Maltese speakers in a misguided effort to integrate the archipelago fully into their empire. Now that it has been freed from this oppression, efforts must be made to reverse these efforts and rebuild the Maltese culture.
The Constitutional Kingdom
Our young constitution has been under siege from radical elements since its creation. We will never let the light of democracy be put out from our brave Sicily.
Protect Civil Liberties
Many rights are often under risk in these times of almost imminent warfare; from the basic to the superfluous. None will be allowed to be at risk.
Encourage Free Thought
A free people are one that can freely think, live, speak and improve itself, and thus making its nation greater and shine brighter.
Good Business Relations
Nothing is more honest than good Sicilian businessmen. Many of them already hold legislative positions, and ensuring a good relationship between them and the Government will greatly aid us in many endeavours.
Urbanisation
The process of Urbanisation in the Kingdom is ongoing already, but we must do it in an orderly and proper fashion, to avoid urban poverty and other disaster. With help from community leaders, we will ensure more housing will be available at affordable prices for new city folk.
Mediterranean Breadbasket
We will need to improve our capacity to feed the population of the Kingdom, especially since the danger of a partial blockade in wartime is almost imminent. Our generals and soldiers will do their best, but an army marches on its stomach!
Public Work Projects
A focus on infrastructure investments allows the fine captains of our industry to focus on their proper endeavours.
Catholic Social Teaching
We must not allow the less fortunate of birth suffer a grim fate in the hands of winter and war. All men are deserving of mercy and aid in such dark times.
Christian Democracy
The people will be meeting and working together against the proper enemy of all that is good: The French and their foul ideas.
Strengthen the Civil Service
Our Civil Service apparatus is still weak, and in many ways a temporary structure; we never truly expected half of Italy to be under occupation for this long after all. Steps to change that will be expensive, however.
Contain Extremism
Despite what can often come across as a heated argument, we will never let radicalism take any sort of hold ever again, We will forever protect His Majesty's government.
Stable Democracy
As our government leaves and another takes its place, the democratic principles will always be respected, and the will of the people will endure.
The Organic Kingdom
The Two Sicilies are one, and yet many. Each castle, each village and each house, product of centuries of incredible history and brave accomplishments. Rather than copying bourgeois foreign concepts, we will make a government of our own, by the people, for the people, through our King.
National Catholicism
The people of Sicily are not bound by shallow ideas of Race or delusions of superiority, but by our unshaken faith and resolve to better ourselves and resist tyranny wherever that may lie!
Dissolve Parliament
The foulest of the foreign ideas is the lower house holding power over the sovereign; in the palace of this mockery of the monarchy, we will have the Magna Curia serving its proper advisory role to His Majesty.
Secret Police
Many foul republicans roam the streets of the kingdom, seeking to spread jacobin anarchy even now. They could be on the other side of your very window... listening to us, and plotting in sewers like the rats they are.
Organic Legal Code
The laws for a Nation should not cater for the individualist needs of the Few, but rather to every subject of the Kingdom, for each to diligently aid the realm and improve itself in peace and prosperity.
Loyal Officers
Many of our officers still hold some sympathies toward republican ideals. We must remove these men from key positions to ensure our army is completely behind the state.
Strengthen Municipalism
Each of our cities and villages is valuable as a Metropolis. Centuries of histories and traditions in every street, which must not be victims of tyranny and atheism, and those who seek to 'improve' their content and beautiful existence in the fields of the Mezzogiorno.
Municipalism Expanded
Each of our Villages will have extreme economic and administrative autonomy and will be expected to take care of their own needs. save for the proper responsibilities of the King, such as intermunicipal infrastructure and keeping law and order.
Rouse the People
The People are no longer slaves to alien and foreign concepts. Brought to heel was the liberalism who for too long poisoned Italy and Sicily and made us lose so much for nothing.
Corporatism
Several major corporations, businessmen and industrialists should have a larger say in our economic policy for the betterment of our realm. With that, we hope to bridge the gap between them and His Majesty.
Reale Accademia
The great minds of our nation should not be relying on luck to ensure that they get the funding they need; the King knows better than to let potential breakthroughs go to waste.
Brave Sicily
Sicily will stand tall to the Red Tide. Every single person knows that death is a preferable alternative to Syndicalism and the slavery that it entails, for Death will not doom your soul or taint the mind of children.
The Kingdom of the Two Sicilies initially sided with Austria during the civil war, a necessary evil to halt the advance of the Socialist Republic. Later, however, when war with the syndicalists seemed inevitable, the Austrians showed their true colours and abandoned the south. The war never happened, but the Sicilians came into the modern era wiser. They will have a difficult time meeting the more industrialised north head-on, but that war will someday come and they must be ready for it.
GFX_SIC_intro
The Legacy of the Civil War
Following the Napoleonic wars, the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies was created, combining the two old kingdoms of Naples and Sicily, which lasted until 1860 when Sardinia-Piedmont, aided by Garibaldi's partisans, united Italy under her rule. The South, which was always generally agricultural, suffered at the hands of the Savoyards, who did not care much for industrialising the south, and poverty became commonplace.\n\nWhen the Weltkrieg began Italy eventually chose the side of the Entente, much to her ruin. In 1919, Italy concluded an armistice with the Austrians, permitting Austrian forces to occupy Lombardy and Venetia pending a formal peace settlement. The subsequent §YTreaty of Vicenza§! was a humiliating affair, disgracing both the nation and the old political order. Within mere days, enraged nationalists, republicans and socialists rose up against the government for their foolhardy actions in starting a war they were doomed to lose, and when King Victor Emanuel and his son abdicated, the Kingdom of Italy collapsed into anarchy. Civil war soon convulsed the peninsula, and hope seemed lost for the White forces in the south of Italy until the Austrians rejoined the war, in exchange for southern participation in a new political system - the Italian Federation. The Austrians pushed back the syndicalists from Lombardy, and the syndicalist pressure on the Abruzzo line was removed. Following the ceasefire, the south joined the Italian Federation as the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies, but it was always with the understanding that only the promise of Austrian aid kept the Federation intact. When the syndicalists threatened the south in 1927, Austria's promises of protection vanished... and while the war never materialised, the worth of the Federation was revealed. The Two Sicilies, the Papal State and Sardinia withdrew, leaving Austria's only place of influence the republic in the north.
The Kingdom of the Two Sicilies
Since the end of hostilities, the Kingdom has been mostly focused internally. The Christian Democrats, in power since 1920, have been trying to pursue the age-old dream of land reform in the South. The lack of progress on this front, however, caused the Christian Democrat supermajority to fail in 1927, though a democratic coalition has kept power since, and made some small movements toward land reform in Campania and Capua. The rise of the opposing 'Integralisti 'e Doje Sicilie' could signal a radical change in the Kingdom's politics, and only time will tell if they get to achieve their reactionary aims or if democracy will prevail.
The Second Risorgimento
As for the future of Italy, questions have slowly arisen regarding our place in the coming conflict. Peace on the peninsula is held by a delicate balance: if the syndicalists strike, they must do so without drawing the Third Internationale into battle with them. Should they do so, both Germany and Austria will feel compelled to intervene. They will not, however, feel so compelled if Two Sicilies strikes first. So it is on the Socialist Republic of Italy to make the first move towards a Second Risorgimento, and they must do so without French backing. We must keep a careful watch on the Abruzzo line, to see if they become so bold.
§MPartito Popolare Democratico / Democrazia Cristiana / Partito Democratico Cristiano / Partito Agrario / Integralisti 'e Ddoje Sicilie§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$ / $authoritarian_democrat_coloured$ / $national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Empower the desired party in the 1937 election.\n£white_dot Picking the §nNational Populists§! will unlock The Organic Kingdom branch of the focus tree.\n£white_dot Picking any other party will unlock The Constitutional Kingdom branch of the focus tree.
Black Monday hits the Kingdom
The economic crisis that began in Germany has spiralled out of control and spread to Italy. The Kingdom of the Two Sicilies' prosperity has been shattered by Black Monday and confidence in the government has been shaken.
May God protect us!
Poverty and Crime Rises
With Black Monday hitting our kingdom hard, poverty has skyrocketed and the living standards of many Sicilians have plunged. At the same time, the various criminal cartels and mafiosos have moved in to take advantage of this situation, much to the detriment of the government. Banditry and brigandry have increased in the countryside, and many are demanding that the government do something.
Something must be done!
The Camicie Nere
With the rise of crime in the country due to Black Monday, the Milizia Volontaria per la Sicurezza Nazionale have been formed. The MVSN, or as they are informally called 'Camicie Nere' for their black shirts have been popping up throughout the kingdom, from Naples to Palermo. Supposedly led by Achille Lauro, this paramilitary organisation is described as the muscle behind the Integralisti in the Kingdom, for they have been keeping watch during their rallies, as well as disrupting and breaking up rallies of the left. Their disciplined, militaristic marches through the streets of major cities draw large crowds, and drum up more recruits, especially amongst the youth.\n\nThe Camicie Nere is rapidly becoming a force to be reckoned with, and their numbers are still expanding - it's unlikely they'll stay silent during the elections...
We should keep an eye on them.
A Call for New Leadership
The Archbishop of Naples, Alessio Ascalesi, has given a stern and powerful sermon claiming that the government's Social Conservative policies are ruining the kingdom and are at fault for Black Monday. He says that it is time for the kingdom to have new leadership with new ideas. Many that support the Social Liberal Democrazia Cristiana have taken this as a sign, and are energised by his rhetoric.
May God protect the kingdom
The Liberal Coalition
Since the founding of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies, parliamentary power has been contested primarily by the Social Conservatives and the Social Liberals. However, with the rise of the Far Right and the creation of the Integralist Paramilitary force, the Partito Liberale and the Partito Popolare Democratico have agreed to form a coalition. This liberal pact is dedicated to preserving and strengthening liberal values within the Kingdom.\n\nThe creation of this alliance, however, weakens the Social Conservative party, for in the past the Partito Liberale tended to support the Partito Democratico Cristiano. For the liberals though there is hope that this new coalition will keep the torch of liberalism strong within the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies.
The torch of liberalism shall not fail
The new coalition galvanises opposition
Fighting between the Left and Right
A rally by the Confederazione Generale Siciliana del Lavoro or the 'Sicilian General Confederation of Labour' for the ruling Partito Democratico Cristiano was disrupted when members of the Camicie Nere disrupted their rally. This disruption quickly turned into a bloody battle that left quite a few injured, and even worse a few fatalities on both sides. While the CGSL has forsworn syndicalism, the Camicie Nere have been lately decrying their members as agents to the Socialist Republic in the North.\n\nNow the outcome of this particular case must be decided. Are these members innocent, or do the words of the Camicie Nere hold merit and truth? Many conservatives are siding with the Camicie Nere, declaring that they are traitors to the Kingdom, while some of the Liberals claim that they are innocent.
The Union members are innocent
They are disloyal traitors
The [GetYear] Sicilian Elections
The elections of [GetYear] are now upon us and this year is far more contentious of an election than before. There are currently five parties battling for political domination. Who shall win?
Partito Democratico Cristiano
Partito Popolare Democratico
Democrazia Cristiana
An Agrario-Liberale coalition
Integralisti d'e Ddoje Sicilie
Sicilian Welfare Act of [GetYear]
With Black Monday over, a number of ministers from the Social Democrat Partito Popolare Demoractico have proposed a plan for an extensive welfare system. However, such a move seems to many as not dissimilar to syndicalism. Thus a more moderate form has been proposed as a counter by the Democrazia Cristiana, which has some attraction even among some of the conservatives. However, the remainder of the conservative faction believes we should not implement any sort of socialist or syndicalist reforms in our country, which is clearly what this is.
Extensive Welfare
Moderate Welfare
We shall not bring socialism here!
End to the Camicie Nere
The Kingdom's stability has in recent years weakened the black shirts of the Camicie Nere, but today they finally disbanded. While Integralism is not gone, their paramilitary forces are, and we can breath a sigh of relief.
Finally.
The [GetYear] Elections
The elections of [GetYear] are now upon us. Three main parties are vying for the voter's influence. Whom shall the people choose to be the new Prime Minister?
Partito Democratico Cristiano
Partito Popolare Democratico
Democrazia Cristiana
An Agrario-Liberale coalition
Nobility Act
One of the first acts of the Integralists was to restore various noble titles. While these were never abolished, many had become purely ceremonial, but today marks a full restoration of rights, making these nobles the leaders of their respective regions. Local rulers are the better rulers after all.
The Nobility is restored.
Trade Union Act of [GetYear]
The issue of Trade Unions must be dealt with and two proposals have been discussed lately. The first would outlaw and criminalise the Unions altogether. The second would force the trade unions into a single union that would be controlled by the government and be strictly non-socialist.
Outlaw Unions all together.
Force them into a controlled state Union.
Catholic Recreation
As part of our new political plan, a programme of Catholic-oriented recreation has been created. The programme has the local churches sponsoring recreational activities, intertwining support for the Integralist ideology. Such a policy has become rather popular and increases support for our other policies, with the welcome side-benefit of higher church attendance.
The beauty of God's work.
Protests Against Dissolving Parliament
There have been a number of protests against the government with the permanent dissolution of Parliament, especially from the Partito Democratico Cristiano who are responsible for leading the majority of protests. In order to resolve this issue, three solutions have been proposed.\n\nThe first is to just let them shout and let them tire. The second is to lock them up and silence their voice. The third is to let the black shirts have their way with them.
Let them Shout
Lock Them Up
Let the Black Shirts deal with them
Integrate the black-shirts?
With our control of the country secure, the question is how the Black Shirts should be dealt with. Some want to see them integrated into the secret police, while others think that keeping them as a separate organisation will be best.
Integrate them
Keep them as our Paramilitary Force
National Catholic Youth League
The National Catholic Youth League has been created to help the youth of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies be taught the ideals of Integralism and Traditional values. The League has two main sub-organisations, one for boys and one for girls. By making sure that the youth are enrolled in the organisation this will make sure that they never sway from the government's ideals.
The Youth are the future.
Traditional Art Programme
With a return to traditionalism across the kingdom, traditional artwork has recently begun to be patronised by nobles. Styles that have not be seen in a century or more are once again being used. Traditional artwork is once again popular throughout the Two Sicilies.
Futurism is all bunk anyway.
Magna Curia
To govern the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies, the Magna Curia has been re-founded. The Magna Curia was the principal organisation of the Kingdom of Sicily in the Middle Ages and it brought forth the nobles of the realm. Unlike the parliaments of today, this was a proper noble court and filled with art and learning. The Magna Curia will henceforth be the new governing body and limited only to the ruling local lords.
A new Court for an old Kingdom.
Ennobled Corporate Leaders
With the decision to restore the Nobility to strength, a number of business leaders have either found, bought or forged patents of nobility to bring them within the new ranks of the nobility.
A new generation of Nobles.
The Italian Empire
Today, the region of Italy has been declared an Italian Empire. King Ferdinand has sworn upon the constitution of the Italian Federation to protect it as its new President, first among equals. Today all of Italy celebrates the dream of a united country and nation.
Long live Italia!
De-Syndicalisation
With the north under our control, we must begin the process of de-syndicalisation. Not just of the economy but of society as a whole. The question on everyone's lips is whether we will be harsh in our reforms, or prioritise reconciliation.
They should learn their lessons
We should focus on reconciliation
Strengthening Monarchism
The north of Italy was ruled by two republics and republicanism is particularly strong in the north. However as time goes on, more and more are supporting the monarchy. While we will never be able to get rid of republicanism one hundred percent we can be happy to know that the imperial family is supported by our subjects more and more in the north.
Long live the King.
Integrating Generals
Today, several of the generals that previously fought for the various imposter governments have requested to fight for the Empire. Some feel that they should not fight for us, seeing as they fought against us, but others think that allowing them to fight for our shared country would make for an excellent statement of national unity.
They should fight for Italy!
We don't need people who fought against us.
Women's role in the empire
In the Socialist Republic of Italy, the traditional roles of women were destroyed. However, now that we are in charge the question of Women's role in the empire has arisen. Some want us to double down on the traditional role for ladies to protect the family, while others think giving them the right to vote, but not run for office, is good enough. Finally, a smaller number, principally from the Social Democratic Partito Popolare Demoractico suggest full suffrage including both the right to vote and the right to run for office.
Re-enforce traditional Values
Let women have the right to vote
Let them vote and run for office
Dealing with Christian Socialism
In the Socialist Republic of Italy Christian socialism was rather popular in the north. As we focus on de-syndicalising society, many politicians want to turn away from liberal philosophies, with many more conservative and far-right members declaring them to be anti-Christian. However, some among the Partito Democratico Cristiano think that, by focusing on a moderate Christian democracy, we can turn people away from the more radical nature of Christian socialism. This policy is criticised for being just a ploy to increase their power in the north.
Christian Socialism is anti-Christian!
Focus on Christian Democracy
Syndicalist Resistance
Even though we defeated the Socialist Republic of Italy, and many have accepted our rule over the north, there remains resistance. In a number of cities and communes, terrorist cells have been formed that are threatening the safety of the empire. The military is assured that they will be destroyed in due time.
Damn Syndicalists.
Syndicalist Terrorists Destroyed
Today the last of the godless leaders of the syndicalist terrorists have been captured. The people can rest easy in the north knowing that the syndicalist-terrorist bandits will no longer plague the countryside.
Finally.
Act of Succession
One of the concerns for the Kingdom is the succession to the throne of the Two Sicilies. The issue is that King Ferdinand only has daughters and at 67 years old, he is rather unlikely to have any more children. However, the issue is that his two brothers dispute whom should be the heir as the current law states only men can inherit.\n\nNormally according to the laws of the land, the throne would go to Ferdinand's brother Prince Carlos and his descendants, however, Ferdinand's other brother, Prince Ranieri, disputes that claim citing the Act of Cannes of 1900, due to Carlos' marriage to the Spanish princess Mercedes that put him in line for the Spanish throne.
Prince Carlos and the rule of Agnatic primogeniture.
Prince Ranieri and the Act of Cannes.
Language of the Kingdom
The Kingdom of the Two Sicilies is divided by language. On the Island of Sicily, the Sicilian language is used and favoured while on the mainland the Neapolitan language is preferred. The government is debating three bills. The first two bills are about favouring one or the other, while the third is about encouraging Bilingualism and supporting both languages.
Favour Sicilian.
Favour Neapolitan.
Favour Bilingualism.
Royal Marriage
Today Prince Eugenio, a relative of Amedeo I of Sardinia, has married Princess Lucia Maria Raniera, the Fourth daughter of King Ferdinand of the Two Sicilies in a lavish ceremony in Naples.
Who doesn't love a royal wedding?
An Offer from [From.GetNameDef]
A delegation from [From.GetNameDef] has arrived with an offer: in exchange for us returning to the mainland and assuming control over their holdings in Piedmont, they ask for [Root.GetNameDef] to join them in confederation, as a step in restoring Italy. In practice, this means we would become an autonomous puppet to the [From.GetAdjective] government. It is a tempting offer, though it means abandoning any of our current alliances and wars.
We agree to their offer
Tell them to ask again when the war is over
We have no interest, now or ever
[From.GetNameDefCap] Agrees
The [From.GetAdjective] government was more than happy to exchange the return of their land in return for joining our confederation.
Excellent!
[From.GetNameDefCap] has Refused
The [From.GetAdjective] government apparently does not want their lands back badly enough, or does not trust our offer. Either way, they have refused to join our alliance.
Their loss, it seems
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses, For Now
While the [From.GetAdjective] government was not entirely opposed to the idea of trading Piedmont for their sovereignty, they say they are entirely too preoccupied with their current war and intend to see it through. They have asked [Root.GetNameDef] to return with the proposal once more, when peace has been achieved.
Well, that's something
[From.GetNameDefCap] Calls for Help
With war started between [From.GetNameDef] and [SRI.GetNameDef], and with no allies to back them up, they have called to us for help. If the Socialists win now, after all, who else will they turn against next but us? We must make a stand now, ready or not.
We will go to their aid
Leave them to their fate
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Abandoned Us
Despite knowing that [SIC.GetNameDef] will almost surely turn against them next, [From.GetNameDef] has refused our call for aid and abandoned us to our fate.
They will get what they deserve, in the end
Austrian Friendship
A Habsburg envoy, Archduke Maximilian Eugen has arrived in Naples as part of a diplomatic visit to our king. He has privately asked members of our government to try and mend the relations of our two nations, damaged when Austria withdrew its protection in 1925. Should we agree to renewed ties?
We are natural friends.
They abandoned us once, they'll do it again.
Negotiations Begin with [From.From.GetNameDef]
Today, negotiations have begun with [From.From.GetNameDef], as we bring to them an offer to join the Italian Confederation. It would, of course, mean splitting their country back up into its respective states and disbanding the central government, but we are trying to show them that this is the best way forward for all of Italy. They have begun deliberations, and tell us they hope to return with an answer within the next couple of weeks.
Today, negotiations have begun with [From.From.GetNameDef], as we bring to them an offer to join the Italian Confederation. While it would mean surrendering their sovereignty to [Root.GetAdjective] control, it would also mean being part of a greater whole. This is, as we see it, the best way forward for all of Italy. They have begun deliberations, and tell us they hope to return with an answer within the next couple of weeks.
Today, negotiations have begun with [From.From.GetNameDef] as we bring to them an offer: recognise that [Root.GetNameDef] is the only path forward for Italian unity and join our nation. Details such as the rights they will maintain as a state and the part they will play in the [Root.GetAdjective] government can be worked out in the months ahead. For now, all we wish to know is whether they wish to mend the rift caused by the civil war and bring Italy back together as it was meant to be. They have begun deliberations, and tell us they hope to return with an answer within the next couple of weeks.
We pray the negotiations go well
A Path to Italian Unity
Today, a delegation from [From.GetNameDef] arrived with an offer: to mend the rift caused by the syndicalists and the civil war, and rejoin a greater Italy as part of the Italian Confederation. This would mean disbanding our central government, and our states surrendering their sovereignty to the [From.GetAdjective] leadership... but the states would still retain considerable autonomy, and a failure in the negotiations could mean war. We have told the [From.GetAdjective] delegation that they would have our answer within the next couple of weeks while we begin our deliberations.
Today, a delegation from [From.GetNameDef] arrived with an offer: to mend the rift caused by the syndicalists and the civil war, and rejoin a greater Italy as part of the Italian Confederation. This would mean surrendering our sovereignty to the [From.GetAdjective] leadership... but we would still retain considerable autonomy, and a failure in the negotiations could mean war. We have told the [From.GetAdjective] delegation that they would have our answer within the next couple of weeks while we begin our deliberations.
Today, a [From.GetAdjective] delegation arrived with an offer: to mend the rift caused by the syndicalists and the civil war, and rejoin a greater Italy as part of [From.GetNameDef]. Details such as the rights we will hold as a state and the part we will play in the [From.GetAdjective] government can be worked out in the months ahead. For now, what they await is an answer as to whether we are interested. Considering this will be tantamount to annexation, and a breakdown in negotiations could mean war, we must think about this carefully. We have told the [From.GetAdjective] delegation that they would have our answer within the next couple of weeks while we begin our deliberations.
We believe this is for the best
We agree, but must first inform our faction
Tell them to ask again when the war is over
We refuse their offer
News from [From.GetNameDef]
The [From.GetAdjective] government today advised us that, after weeks of deliberation, they have decided to accept a proposal to unite with the government of [uniter.GetNameDef]. This, they say, is in the best interest of Italian unity, though it unfortunately does mean leaving the [Root.GetFactionName] and they wanted us to be the first to know.
Perhaps [uniter.GetNameDef] would join the [Root.GetFactionName]?
Ask them to reconsider
Ask them to reconsider, for the sake of the war
They have our blessing
[uniter.GetNameDefCap] Invited to the [From.GetFactionName]
Unexpectedly, rather than protest our leaving the [From.GetFactionName], [From.GetNameDef] has said that it's fine with the [uniter.GetAdjective] proposal... but would extend an invitation to [uniter.GetNameDef] to join the [From.GetFactionName] instead. All would benefit, they say, from an expanded alliance.
We'll let them know!
The [From.From.GetAdjective] Proposal
The [From.GetAdjective] government informs us that their national referendum came out in favour of our proposal, but that, as a member of the [From.From.GetFactionName] alliance, they have one lingering concern regarding their membership in the [From.From.GetFactionName] alliance. According to them, the [From.From.GetAdjective] government has asked if we would consider joining the [From.From.GetFactionName] - in exchange, they would give their blessing to the entire arrangement and we would both come out stronger. The [From.GetAdjective] government has not mentioned whether its answer would change if we refuse - we have no idea how committed they are to the [From.From.GetAdjective] cause.
We would be happy to join
We'd rather not, thank you
[From.GetNameDefCap] Agrees to Join
Seeing the benefit of our proposal, [From.GetNameDef] has taken up where [From.From.GetNameDef] left off and agreed to join the [Root.GetFactionName].
Excellent!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Will Not Join
We passed on the wishes of our allies, but [From.GetNameDef] has declined their offer to join [Root.GetFactionName]. It is their right not to get caught up in wars outside of Italy, though we cannot help but feel regret from abandoning those who have protected us in the past. Now we must decide how to proceed.
Tell them to ask again once the war is over
No, we intend to stay in the [Root.GetFactionName]
We intend to press forward
[From.GetNameDefCap] Will Remain
While it was not an easy decision, the [From.GetAdjective] government has elected to remain in the [Root.GetFactionName] and decline the [uniter.GetAdjective] proposal... at least for now.
That's a relief
[From.GetNameDefCap] Leaves the [Root.GetFactionName]
While it was not an easy decision, the [From.GetAdjective] government has elected to leave the [Root.GetFactionName] anyhow, despite [Root.GetNameDef]'s attempt to have them remain. They intend to accept the [uniter.GetAdjective] proposal.
So be it.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Reverses Decision
Disappointed by our refusal to join the [From.GetFactionName], [From.GetNameDef] has now informed us that they cannot agree to our proposal. Their dedication to their allies is too great. They have, however, left the door open for us to reapproach them once their war is done.
That will have to be enough
We will not wait!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Reverses Decision
Disappointed by our refusal to join the [From.GetFactionName], [From.GetNameDef] has now informed us that they cannot agree to our proposal. Their dedication to their allies is too great, they say. What's more, they made no indication that they are open to further discussion down the road. Apparently, they fully intend on maintaining their independence and having the [From.GetFactionName] there to back them up.
So be it.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Agrees to our Proposal
While they are disappointed in our refusal to join the [From.GetFactionName], the [From.GetAdjective] government assures us that this will not deter them from proceeding with our proposal as planned. For the sake of Italian unity, with or without the [From.GetFactionName].
Viva l'Italia!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Asks us to Reconsider
While not stopping us from accepting the [uniter.GetAdjective] proposal, the [From.GetAdjective] government has asked us to reconsider leaving the [From.GetFactionName]. They say the alliance between our countries is valuable to them, and suggest they can protect us from any potential [uniter.GetAdjective] aggression, should they decide to force our hand. Should we change our mind?
Tell [uniter.GetNameDef] to ask again once the war is over
Very well, we stay with the [Root.GetFactionName]
We intend to press forward
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses, For Now
The [From.GetAdjective] government has deliberated on the matter for weeks, and while they were initially inclined to accept our proposal it appears the [From.From.GetAdjective] government has persuaded them to remain in the [From.From.GetFactionName]... at least for the duration of the war. [From.GetNameDefCap] has assured us that they will welcome a new proposal once they are at peace.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Our Proposal
The [From.GetAdjective] government has deliberated on the matter for weeks, and while they were initially inclined to accept our proposal it appears the [From.From.GetAdjective] government has persuaded them to remain in the [From.From.GetFactionName]. What's more, they made no indication that they are open to further discussion down the road. Apparently, they fully intend on maintaining their independence and having the [From.From.GetFactionName] there to back them up.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Agrees to our Proposal
While the [From.From.GetAdjective] government made a determined plea to have them remain in the [From.From.GetFactionName], the [From.GetAdjective] government assures us that this will not deter them from proceeding with our proposal as planned, for the sake of Italian unity.
Viva l'Italia!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Gives Blessing
The [From.GetAdjective] government says they are sorry to see us depart the [From.GetFactionName], but they fully understand our decision and wish us well.
Now onto unity
[From.GetNameDefCap] Agrees
After weeks of deliberation, the [From.GetAdjective] government has informed us that [From.GetNameDef] will unite with [Root.GetNameDef]. Details on the exact arrangement will be worked out in the months to come, but for now both nations can rejoice that peaceful agreement has been achieved.
After weeks of deliberation, the [From.GetAdjective] government has informed us that [From.GetNameDef] will be joining the Italian Confederation. Details on the exact arrangement will be worked out in the months to come, but for now both nations can rejoice that peaceful agreement has been achieved.
Viva l'Italia!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses, For Now
The [From.GetAdjective] government has deliberated for weeks, and report that, while they are not entirely opposed to [Root.GetNameDef]'s proposal, they are entirely too preoccupied with their current war and fully intend to see it through. They have asked [Root.GetNameDef] to return with the proposal once more, when peace has been achieved.
We will pray for their victory, then
We refuse to wait!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses
After deliberating for weeks, the [From.GetAdjective] government has informed us that [Root.GetNameDef]'s proposal has been refused. Whether due to their distrust of the [Root.GetAdjective] government or a desire for a better deal, we cannot say, but they fully intend on maintaining their independence.
So be it.
I'm afraid that won't be happening
Negotations between [ITA_former_overlord.GetNameDef] and [uniter.GetNameDef] Succeed
After deliberating for weeks, [ITA_former_overlord.GetNameDef] has informed us that [uniter.GetNameDef]'s proposal has been accepted. This leaves us the choice of joining [uniter.GetNameDef] and becoming part of the new Italy or choosing to fight against them on our own against our former overlord's wishes.
So be it. (Play as [uniter.GetNameDef])
We shall be the ones to unite Italy!
The Agrarian Question
How the government will approach the land issue is a serious matter. The landowners are members of the nobility, men who hold significant political power and who will oppose and kind of land reform forced upon them. Subsidising their farming methods and buying back land for the government's use, however, will prove costly. Either way, the issue can no longer be ignored - we fall behind the advancements of the north at our own peril.
We will pursue land reform, no matter what
We will work with the landowners to make progress
Italian Empire Declared
Today King [SIC.GetLeader] of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies declared that, with much of Italy now united under his rule, his nation would be known as the Italian Empire. While some consider the title ambitious, the huge crowd in the city of Naples greeted the king's announcement with great enthusiasm. There were some within the Sicilian government who have apparently suggested that the man who reunited Italy should take the title of emperor, but the king has reportedly been reluctant to accept it.\n\n\
Interesting.
Italian Confederation Declared
Today King [uniter.GetLeader] of [uniter.GetNameDef] declared the creation of an Italian Confederation, with the restored states of Italy regaining their independence but working together for a common cause. When asked by some officials why he simply did not opt to unite Italy under a single flag, the king is said to have replied, \
Interesting.
Two Sicilies
Sicilian
the Two Sicilies
Italy
Italian
Italy
Italian Empire
the Italian Empire
Italian Empire
the Italian Empire
Italian Empire
the Italian Empire
Italian Empire
the Italian Empire
Italian Empire
the Italian Empire
Italian Empire
the Italian Empire
Italian Empire
the Italian Empire
Ferdinando III
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 25th, 1869, in Rome, Comarca di Rome, Papal States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFerdinand of Bourbon-Two Sicilies' last twenty years have been troubled, as the relative tranquillity of exile he lived in since his birth in 1869 was replaced with the responsibilities of being a monarch of a member of the Italian Federation and now a sovereign nation. Having arrived well after the civil war in Italy was concluded, his position was always fragile, and he himself knows he is little more than a puppet in the great game of Sicilian, Italian and global politics at large, as his presence legitimises the Kingdom internationally and allows it to remain aligned with the powers that be in Europe, having effectively kept large scale syndicalist offensives at bay. His rule, while not without political issues, came after six years of war and strife, and he tries his utmost to ensure that he takes personal credit for this peace and relative prosperity. While he traditionally has kept himself away from political affairs, as he is aware of the fragility of the peace he and many others work to maintain, the matters of the constant syndicalist threat and the lack of a male heir of his body weigh heavily on him. The nascent feelings of powerlessness, even in his current position as a monarch, makes him more prone to overtures by radical monarchists than even he himself realises.§!
Salvatore Aldisio
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 29th, 1890, in Terranova di Sicilia, Caltanissetta, Kingdom of Italy§!
Luigi Sturzo
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 26th, 1871, in Caltagirone, Catania, Kingdom of Italy§!
Enrico De Nicola
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 9th, 1877, in Naples, Kingdom of Italy§!
Enrico Molè
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 7th, 1889, in Catanzaro, Kingdom of Italy§!
Achille Lauro
§YBorn:§! §LJune 16th, 1887, in Piano di Sorrento, Naples, Kingdom of Italy§!
Silvio Gai
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 5th, 1873, in Rome, Kingdom of Italy§!
Guido Jung
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 2nd, 1876, in Palermo, Palermo, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giovanni Niutta
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 21st, 1879, in Piacenza, Kingdom of Italy§!
Vincenzo Azzolini
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 5th, 1881, in Naples, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giovanni Amendola
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1882, in Sarno, Salerno, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giovanni Leone
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 3rd, 1908, in Naples, Kingdom of Italy§!
Gaetano Martino
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 25th, 1900, in Messina, Kingdom of Italy§!
Ugo La Malfa
§YBorn:§! §LMay 16th, 1903, in Palermo, Palermo, Kingdom of Italy§!
Cipriano Facchinetti
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 13th, 1889, in Campobasso, Kingdom of Italy§!
Virgilio Nasi
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 4th, 1880, in Trapani, Kingdom of Italy§!
Francesco Saverio Nitti
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1868, in Melfi, Potenza, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giovanni Ciraolo
§YBorn:§! §LMay 24th, 1873, in Reggio di Calabria, Reggio di Calabria, Kingdom of Italy§!
Pietro Ago
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 20th, 1872, in Girgenti, Kingdom of Italy§!
Federico Morozzo della Rocca
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 23rd, 1878, in Palermo, Palermo, Kingdom of Italy§!
Mario Caracciolo
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 26th, 1880, in Naples, Kingdom of Italy§!
Federico Baistrocchi
§YBorn:§! §LJune 9th, 1871, in Naples, Kingdom of Italy§!
Aurelio Liotta
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 10th, 1886, in Sant'Agata di Militello, Messina, Kingdom of Italy§!
Francesco De Pinedo
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 16th, 1890, in Naples, Kingdom of Italy§!
Francesco Pricolo
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 30th, 1891, in Saponaria di Grumento, Potenza, Kingdom of Italy§!
Fulco Ruffo di Calabria
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 12th, 1884, in Naples, Kingdom of Italy§!
Royal Armed Forces Command
§YFounded:§! §L1925, in Naples, Kingdom of Two Sicilies§!
Alessandro Pirzio Biroli
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 23rd, 1877, in Campobasso, Kingdom of Italy§!
Antonio Gualano
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 14th, 1899, in Castellone al Volturno, Campobasso, Kingdom of Italy§!
Ubaldo Soddu
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 23rd, 1883, in Salerno, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giuseppe Izzo
§YBorn:§! §LMay 23rd, 1904, in Presicce, Lecce, Kingdom of Italy§!
Carlo Geloso
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 20th, 1879, in Palermo, Palermo, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giulio Ingianni
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 18th, 1876, in Marsala, Trapani, Kingdom of Italy§!
Salvatore Todaro
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1908, in Messina, Kingdom of Italy§!
Antonino Toscano
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1887, in Girgenti, Kingdom of Italy§!
Romeo Oliva
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1889, in Vallo della Lucania, Salerno, Kingdom of Italy§!
Mario Arisio
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 5th, 1885, in Turin, Kingdom of Italy§!
Il Comandante
Imperatore d'Italia
