Fifth Anglo-Afghan War
Kabul Student's Union
Ettehadia-ye Muhasselin-e Pohantun-e Kabul (Kabul Student's Union)
Kabul Student's Union
Ettehadia-ye Muhasselin-e Pohantun-e Kabul (Kabul Student's Union)
National Front
Jabha-ye Melli (National Front)
National Front
Jabha-ye Melli (National Front)
Intellectual Circles
Roshanfekran (Intellectual Circles)
Young Afghans
Jawanan-e Afghan (Young Afghans)
Ulemma
Afghan Army
Bārakzai
Afghan Army (National Club)
Afghan Army (Klup-e Melli)
Afghanistan
Afghan
Afghanistan
Democratic Republic of Afghanistan
the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan
Democratic Republic of Afghanistan
the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan
Democratic Republic of Afghanistan
the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan
§g\nThis choice may result in §RChaos§! and §RUnrest§! throughout the nation. Should the government fall, it is likely that §YNadir Khan§! will ascend the throne§!
§Y$AFG_mohammad_nadir_khan$§! becomes leader for the §YPaternal Autocrat§! party.
GFX_AFG_intro
The Kingdom of Afghanistan
§MAmanullah Khan§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Win or do not declare the 5th Anglo-Afghan War.\n£white_dot In the event of a defeat, let the king do as he likes and suppress the rebellion.\n£white_dot This can still lead to him being ousted so it is recommended to select the §YAmanullah Retains Control§! rule in the game rules.\n\n§MMohammad Nadir Khan§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the event of a defeat, let Nadir depose Amanullah and proclaim himself king.
Amanullah Khan
§YBorn:§! §LJune 1st, 1892, in Paghman, Kabul Vilayet, Emirate of Afghanistan§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWho but Babur has ever brought greater change and prestige to Afghanistan than Amanullah Khan? Ascended to the throne amidst the Weltkrieg, Amanullah immediately attacked the British Empire and won handsome concessions. He capitalised on this victory and subsequent further gains following the collapse of the British Empire to implement sweeping social reforms. Though Amanullah's rule remains absolute, he dreams of bringing true constitutional governance to Afghanistan and overcoming the nation's deep ethnic and tribal divisions. Time will tell if this great reformer's vision shall come to be.§!
Habibullah Kalakani
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 19th, 1891, in Kalakan, Kabul Vilayet, Emirate of Afghanistan§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAn ethnic Tajik, Kalakani was a longtime officer in the Afghan Royal Army who deserted a bit before the chaos of the collapse of the British Empire. Using that chaos and the regular army's pre-occupation, Kalakani turned to a life of crime. Once the army managed to restore a modicum of order, however, Kalakani fled and sought the protection of his Tajik co-ethnics.\nOutspokenly opposed to the reforms and modernisation campaigns of Amanullah Khan, Kalakani came to head a rural ultra-conservative movement bearing his name. Rather shockingly, his movement successfully overthrew Amanullah and Kalakani has won the Afghan crown.§!
Mohammad Nadir Khan
§YBorn:§! §LApril 9th, 1883, in Dehra, North-Western Provinces and Oudh, British India§!
Wali Khan
§YBorn:§! §LApril 16th, 1888, in Dehra, North-Western Provinces and Oudh, British India§!
Mohammad Daoud Khan
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 18th, 1909, in Kabul, Kabul Vilayet, Emirate of Afghanistan§!
Nasrullah Khan
§YBorn:§! §L1874, in Samarkand, Samarkand Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Mahmud Khan
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Dehra, North-Western Provinces and Oudh, British India§!
Ghulam Mohammad Ghobar
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Kabul, Kabul Vilayet, Emirate of Afghanistan§!
Abdul Hadi Dawi
§YBorn:§! §L1894, in Kabul, Kabul Vilayet, Emirate of Afghanistan§!
Mohammad Hashim Khan
§YBorn:§! §L1884, in Dehra, North-Western Provinces and Oudh, British India§!
Mohammad Gul Khan Momand
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 17th, 1885, in Andrabayo, Kabul Vilayet, Emirate of Afghanistan§!
Inayatullah Khan
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 1888, in Kabul, Kabul Vilayet, Emirate of Afghanistan§!
Ali Ahmad Khan
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in Mashhad, Khorasan Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Faiz Mohammad Khan Zikeria
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in Kabul, Kabul Vilayet, Emirate of Afghanistan§!
Mohammad Yusuf
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1917, in Kabul, Kabul Vilayet, Emirate of Afghanistan§!
Abdul Ahad Wardak
§YBorn:§! §L1880, in Wardak, Kabul Vilayet, Emirate of Afghanistan§!
Abdul Majid Zabuli
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 14th, 1896, in Husain Khail, Kabul Vilayet, Emirate of Afghanistan§!
Sher Khan Nashir
§YBorn:§! §Lin Ghazni, Kabul Vilayet, Emirate of Afghanistan§!
Abdul Rahman Mahmoodi
§YBorn:§! §L1909, in Kabul, Kabul Vilayet, Emirate of Afghanistan§!
Albania Focus Tree
GFX_ALB_intro
The Republic of Albania
The outbreak of the Weltkrieg brought new problems for Albania as Austria-Hungary demanded Albanian soldiers to fight alongside them in the war. When Prince Wilhelm of Wied refused, citing the neutrality of Albania as set forth by the Treaty of London, the Austro-Hungarians quickly cut off the remuneration that he had been receiving. His regime collapsed and he left the country on September 3, 1914 to join the Imperial German Army despite formally remaining the Albanian head of state. In 1919, the Treaty of Vlora officially determined the status of Albania; it would be a restored principality under the authority of Prince Wilhelm, influenced by Austria.\n\nHowever, due to developments in Austria, Albania was able to break free in 1924 with the help of many Albanian nationalists such as Ahmet Zogu, Shefqet Vërlaci, Ali Kelmendi, Sulejman Delvina, Fan Noli, and Anvi Rustemi. They successfully chased out the prince and removed all Austrian influence from the nation. The Albanian Revolution of 1924, as it is known, saw the emergence of two political parties in Albania: the Unity Party under Avni Rustemi and the Progressive Party under Shefqet Vërlaci.\n\nWith the help of Vërlaci, the largest landowner in Albania, and other aristocratic elements in the nation, Ahmet Zogu and the rest of the Progressive Party were able to secure victories in the 1924, 1928, and 1932 elections. However, democratic elements within the nation and in the Unity Party have been agitating for land reform and the redistribution of power to the lower class. All of these reforms have been denied by the Progressives and, as it stands, Albania is a very polarised nation with tough times ahead...
§MUnity Party§! ($social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Elect the Unity Party in the 1936 elections.\n£white_dot Complete the \
Aftermath of Black Monday
Black Monday, an economic crash originating in Germany, has just hit Albania! Because of our agricultural economy, alongside minimal industrialisation and a poor financial system, we have been hit very hard by this event and our people continually grow dissatisfied as unemployment rates have skyrocketed while the economy is now in free fall.
Balance the Budget
Even prior to Black Monday, Albania has faced a severe budget deficit due to little revenue and minimal economic output. We must take steps to balance the budget and ensure that we are running on a surplus so that we may pull ourselves out of this economic rut we currently occupy.
Banking Reform
The Albanian National Bank is heavily dependent on the funds of the landowners within Albania. With the recent economic crisis, many within the aristocracy have been unable to continue sending funds to the bank. It is clear that we must step in and ensure that the bank can better manage currency, promote economic growth, and retain the stability of prices.
Industrialisation Programmes
Black Monday has revealed our economic weaknesses as we are suffering quite a bit due to the lack of industrialisation within our nation alongside heavy reliance on the sharecropping system run by the aristocracy, in favour of the aristocracy. It is clear that industrialisation programmes will be necessary to help reverse the effects of Black Monday and catch up to the other powers in Europe.
End the Feudal System
The lower class within our nation have been at the whim of the landowners and the aristocracy for far too long. We must abolish the institutions that disenfranchise the common man and end systems such as sharecropping. We must ensure the freedom of all Albanians.
Land Redistribution
The landowners have hoarded what is rightfully the property of the Albanian people for far too long and have blocked any attempt to better reform our economy. We must force upon them the redistribution of land in order to assist both our peasants and our economy, Vërlaci and his Progressives be damned!
Establish a Middle Class
While we have managed to empower the common man and redistribute land alongside increasing the economic and social prosperity of Albanians, we must begin the establishment of a middle class. In order to ensure that the people retain their current economic status and that Albania remains prosperous for the years to come, we must bring about the creation of an educated and affluent middle class.
New Farming Techniques
As it stands, the peasant farmers in Albania use outdated equipment and farming techniques. Many of our farmers can only afford to own wooden ploughs and rely on subsistence farming as their primary farming method. If we are to improve the conditions of Albanian farmers and increase our agricultural output, it is crucial that we teach our farmers new farming techniques and upgrade their equipment.
Trade Agreements
By enacting trade agreements with our neighbours, we can simultaneously improve relations while mutually benefiting from the economic benefit that comes from doing so. This will allow us to increase the amount of economic activity in Albania which will help us better combat the after-effects of Black Monday.
Improve Sharecropping
Currently, our peasant farmers and sharecroppers continue to use outdated equipment, such as wooden ploughs, and, as a result, the amount of work they can do alongside their efficiency suffers because of how ill-equipped they are to handle various situations. By upgrading their tools, we can ensure the uptick of agricultural output within Albania.
Fund the Bank
After Black Monday, many of the upper class were forced to pull out their funds from the bank which, in turn, left our bank on the brink of destruction. By incentivising the wealthy to invest in the banks, we can fill up the state's coffer and better carry out the function of the bank while assisting companies and/or nobles who need the money.
Minor Industrialisation
Ahmet Zogu, the Prime Minister, has managed to convince Shefqet Vërlaci, the party leader, to enact a minor industrialisation programme in order to catch up to the rest of Europe and better fight the after-effects of Black Monday. This programme will, however, be closely monitored by the landowning aristocracy so as to not divert profit away from sharecropping and damage the current system in place.
Increased Agricultural Output
By teaching our peasant farmers and sharecroppers new farming techniques, and gradually weaning them off of subsistence farming, we can increase the agricultural output of the state as farmers will no longer produce for purely themselves and/or their families, but for the benefit of the state as well.
Tax Incentives
Providing businesses with special tax benefits and exemptions will be extremely useful in that they will set up branches in Albania, thereby increasing economic activity in our nation and, in turn, helping us better combat the effects of Black Monday through external investment.
Enact Deflation Measures
Enacting deflation measures and removing a certain amount of lek from circulation will allow us to reverse the inflation of the currency under Black Monday and assist the banks by beginning the stabilisation of our currency and, hopefully, maintaining that stability.
Oil Drilling
By extracting the vast oil resources of Albania that exist in areas such as Patos-Marinza, Kuçoca, and Driza, we can boost our economic output through the exchange of natural resources and make Albania a desirable area for investment.
Infrastructural Improvements
As it stands, the extremely limited and narrow gauge lines in our nation were only built for mine site and military purposes. If we are to better transport our people, resources, and troops throughout the nation, a comprehensive and working railway system must be built throughout Albania, in order to better connect our nation.
An Economic Miracle
Against all odds, we have managed to beat the disastrous economic conditions faced during Black Monday and have managed to make Albania a financially sound and reformed nation. We can look forward to being known as a prosperous nation with bustling economic activity.
Albanian Elections of 1936
The 1936 Elections will be hotly contested due to the split in ideas and the growing rivalry between Bashkimi and the Progressives. With the people sick of the status quo and demanding more civil liberties alongside land redistribution versus the unwillingness of the aristocracy to compromise, Albania has become very polarised. This election will determine the future of Albania for years to come.
Bashkimi Victory
Bashkimi have managed to emerge victorious from the 1936 elections, with Avni Rustemi, head of the party, taking power. Their platform advocates land redistribution, extending civil liberties, liberalising and westernising Albania, empowering the common man, and industrialising the nation.
Universal Health Care
Fan Noli, the deputy leader of Bashkimi, has pushed for the implementation of universal health care, which would see the state administer and pay for Albanian health care through the use of taxes.
Albanian Sovereignty
Avni Rustemi and Fan Noli are ardent Albanian patriots who wish to see Albanian sovereignty asserted and made clear to the international community. No longer shall Albania be the puppet of the foreign power in Europe! We shall determine our own destiny and bring about a prosperous and just Albania for all Albanians!
Extend Civil Liberties
Under the rule of the Progressives, the aristocracy has deprived the people of their rights, forcing them to submit to the feudal system and disallowing freedom of speech through the use of censorship. We must allow all Albanians to share and enjoy the same rights.
Reform the Justice System
Noli has also put forth the reformation of the justice system, doing away with Islamic law and adopting a western civil and legal code so as to be more inclusive of all Albanians and aid the westernisation of our nation.
Freedom of Press
A free press is vital to any developed and westernised nation as it allows for the media to voice its opinions on key issues. If the media cannot freely operate, then what good are the current civil liberties in place?
Liberalisation
We have managed to reform Albania for the better, westernising the nation, reforming key administrative and governmental positions, and granting rights and civil liberties to the common man. Albania is now on the road to being a free and developed nation, on par with many nations in Europe. Long live Albania and long live the Albanian people!
Progressive Victory
The Progressives have managed to emerge victorious from the 1936 elections, with Shefqet Vërlaci, head of the party, taking power. Their platform advocates for the centralisation of power in Tirana to better administer the nation, preservation of Albanian traditions, and granting autonomy to the clans up north.
Centralisation of Power
In order to better and more efficiently administer Albania, which is a vast nation comprised of people from various ethnic and religious backgrounds, it is best that we centralise power in Tirana in order to enact the goals that we have set forth.
Resist Land Reform Efforts
Bashkimi, the pesky democrats, and so-called patriots have continually agitated for the redistribution of land from the landowning aristocracy to the common man. Why would we, the aristocracy, willingly give up our land to peasant farmers who could never hope to run it as well as we could? The notion of land redistribution is simply ridiculous and shall be shut down.
Grant Autonomy to Northern Clans
The Catholics in the north have been ardent supporters of the Progressive Party and have continually backed us despite the opposition from various groups. They shall be rewarded with autonomy for their unrelenting support.
Preserve Albanian Traditions
A big part of the Progressive Party platform was the conservation of Albanian traditions. Whereas Bashkimi seek to westernise the nation and adopt foreign civil codes, we believe that Albania is fine and does not need any change. We cannot, and will not, bend to the arbitrary standards of the European powers. An Albania for Albanians is what we shall continue to maintain!
Crush the Opposition
While Bashkimi were once useful in terms of assisting with the creation of a truly free Albanian nation, they have overstepped their boundaries and do not know their place. They have continually agitated and spoken out against the Progressives and the rest of the aristocrats. Such insolence shall no longer be tolerated!
Empower the Aristocracy
The aristocracy shall be allowed to assume their divine right as the head of Albania as they know better than the common man and can guide the nation into a bright and prosperous future. Long live the new Albania!
Albanian Schools
Even prior to the liberation of Albania from the tyranny of the Austrians, we had already begun the creation of Albanian schools for Albanians in order to fight the illiteracy within our nation so as to ensure we don't lag behind in academic pursuits. We must continue this education programme and build more schools for Albanians, and continually expand the already existing ones, so as to bring prosperity.
New Research Institutes
Investing funds into new research institutes is crucial to harvesting homegrown talent and encouraging Albanians to pursue academic fields. This will ensure prosperity as new scientists, doctors, researchers, and teachers shall be able to thrive in Albania.
Albanian National Army
The Albanian National Army is both small and ill-equipped to deal with enemy armies. If we are to protect Albania from its external enemies, we must begin to shift our focus towards funding and upgrading the military.
Modernisation of Equipment
Firearms and other types of equipment used by the military are pre-Weltkrieg era Maschinengewehr M. 7 guns which, while reliable, are old and unable to keep up with the ever-evolving demands of warfare. We must look into upgrading our guns.
Invest in Artillery
Artillery has been a key component of war ever since the Napoleonic Wars and had played a crucial role during the Weltkrieg. Investing in this technology would be extremely helpful as artillery is able to be fired towards distances that infantry cannot reach.
A Military Doctrine
Choosing and abiding by a military doctrine is vital for the military if we are to professionalise and coordinate strategies with the high command.
Armour Research
Invented by the British in 1916, tanks are able to break through enemy lines and possess firepower never before seen. Researching armour will be crucial to the Albanian war effort.
Motorised Infantry
Motorised infantry is crucial in that it provides protection from enemy fire and can help transfer our troops from one place to another at swift speeds.
Arm of Gendarmerie
Empowering the Arm of Gendarmerie in order to protect Albania from internal threats is crucial as the times are quickly turning turbulent and enemies within, and outside, the nation still exist, threatening Albanian sovereignty. The Arm of Gendarmerie shall be the hidden guards of Albania, remaining in the shadows until they are ready to strike.
Albanian Naval Force
Currently, the Albanian Naval Force consists only of four ships that are patrol boats and were built using funds from the aristocracy. If we are to guard our sovereignty and protect our shores, we must look into expanding the navy.
Albanian Air Force
As it stands, the Albanian Air Force contains five planes, all of which are Albatros-Fokker models, and is ill-equipped to deal with threats in the sky. Expansion of the air force will be necessary if we are to protect ourselves during wartime.
Raid Their Ships
Submarines are relatively cheap and easy to mass-produce. In addition, we can use them to disrupt and raid enemy shipping lanes.
Fight Them in the Skies
If we are to control the skies and combat enemy planes, we must invest time and money into building new fighters.
New Destroyers
Destroyers are both durable and manoeuvrable ships that are used to defend the main vessels, convoys, and battle groups. We should look into creating more of them.
Destroy Enemy Supply Lines
Bombers, by nature, are designed to attack both sea and land targets. This means enemy ships, troops, or even supply lines can all be attacked. Building them would be a great asset during wartime.
Airbase Construction
To keep up with the increasingly high number of planes built, we should look into building new airbases in our country to help house more planes.
Durrës Naval Base
The creation of a naval base in Durrës will be helpful in terms of housing existing ships, and establishing a central location to build new ships.
Aerial Doctrines
We should teach our pilots new methods on how to fly planes. That way, we can outsmart the enemy and greatly increase our understanding of aerial warfare.
Naval Doctrines
Allowing our admirals to coordinate and map the route our navy will take alongside training our naval officers to adapt to these new techniques will be crucial in modernising and strengthening our navy.
The Restoration of Wied
With the Austrians now in control of Albania, they have seen fit to restore William of Wied to the throne, who will act as the new King of Albania, representing the Austrian interests within the nation. This will, of course, upset many Albanian nationalists and anti-imperialists.
Setting up the Albanian Kingdom
While we have managed to secure power, it is important that we begin the consolidation of power and actually setting up the transition to becoming a kingdom so as to better prepare ourselves for what may come in the future.
Establishment of German Schools
As it is important that we bring the Albanian people under our influence, while also catering to the needs of Austria, we must turn to establishing German schools. This will also have the side effect of decreasing the illiteracy rate within Albania.
Abolition of Republican Institutions
We must begin to remove the pre-existing framework of republican institutions that were set up during the time of the Republic of Albania. These systems are obsolete, against our interests, and serve no purpose other than to empower the rabble. We will, of course, face heavy opposition.
Prioritise the Needs of Catholics
By prioritising the needs of Catholics, and redistributing land to them, we can reduce the influence of the predominantly Muslim landowners within Albania while empowering people who will, hopefully, remain loyal to our cause.
Cementing Wied's Power
It is clear that we must begin to turn our attention to cementing the power of Wied, and ensure that the Albanian people begin to permanently accept him as the new King of Albania. Long live Skanderbeg II!
Setting up Austrian Companies
By allowing Austrian companies to set up local branches in Albania, we can further increase industrial output within our nation while also further promoting the Austrian cause.
Crushing Partisans
It has become eminently clear that we must begin to turn our attention to the partisans, most notably Albanian nationalists and anti-imperialists, and deal with the problems they have caused once and for all.
Providing Austria with Oil
As oil is abundant within Albania, it is important that we begin drilling in order to help secure and exploit the vast resources within the nation. And, by doing so, we can send some of it to Austria, thereby increasing our relationship with them.
Granting Autonomy to Catholic Clans
In order to better empower the Catholics living within Albania, thereby helping us secure their loyalty, we must grant them autonomy. After all, we could use allies during these turbulent times.
Finalisation of the Kingdom
With all of our reforms implemented, and the Albanian people beginning to accept the permanence of these new reforms, it is clear that we can formally, and finally, begin our transition to becoming the Kingdom of Albania.
Partia Vanguardiste
Partia Vanguardiste e Shqipërisë (Vanguardist Party of Albania)
KONARE
Komiteti Nacional Revolucionar (Revolutionary National Committee)
Grupi Korçë
Grupi Korçë (Korçë Group)
Bashkimi
Partia e Bashkimi (Unity Party)
Partia Popullore
Partia Popullore (People's Party)
Partia Demokrate e Re
Partia Demokrate e Re (New Democratic Party)
Partia Përparimtare
Partia Përparimtare (Progressive Party)
Këshilli i Lartë
Këshilli i Lartë (Supreme Council)
Shteti Palë
Shteti Palë (State Party)
Balli Kombëtar
Balli Kombëtar (National Front)
PSD
Partia Socialdemokrate e Shqipërisë (Social Democratic Party of Albania)
Partia Republikane
Partia Republikane e Shqipërisë (Republican Party of Albania)
Haus Wied-Neuwied (House of Wied-Neuwied)
Telekomi Shqiptar
ACR
ARMO
Ganz Albania
Hekurudha Shqiptare
Kanteri i Pashë Alimanit
Arsenali i Ushtrisë, Tiranë
Phönix Albanien
Black Monday
Even Albania was unable to escape the economic devastation incurred by many nations due to Black Monday, one of the worst economic crashes in history. Unless we undertake large scale reforms, such as agrarian reform, industrialise the nation, balance the budget, reform the bank, and utilise the Albanian land and Albanian people to the fullest extent, we cannot hope to escape this dreadful crash. Let us hope we can do so.
Land Reform
By instituting agrarian reform and redistributing the land held by the aristocratic landowners to regular Albanians, we can slowly wean ourselves off of the current farming aristocracy that has developed and empower the peasant farmers within our nation. Of course, the aristocrats are not pleased, and may fight back...
New Farming Techniques
Peasant farmers in Albania have relied upon using wooden ploughs and subsistence farming for far too long. This has had a negative impact on our economy, in that our agricultural output and exports are not as high as they could have been. By upgrading the methods employed by farmers and the tools used, we can increase both the agricultural output of Albania and improve the lives of hundreds of thousands of Albanians.
Mass Illiteracy
Education in Albania is very poor, with eighty per cent of the population illiterate. In addition, education is neither compulsory nor does Albania have any formal university. The only group of people within our nation to possess some sort of education are the aristocrats, meaning that we are severely behind our European counterparts when it comes to research and are viewed as a backwater. Separate Turkish schools for Muslims and Greek schools for Orthodox Christians have not helped this issue one bit.
Illiteracy
While we have taken steps to solve the problem of illiteracy, with creating Albanian schools for Albanians, the problem of education not being compulsory alongside Albania's lack of higher education facilities remains.
Economic Boom
We have managed to successfully combat the effects of Black Monday and have, by extension, brought upon an economic golden age to Albania. Agricultural output is high, industrialisation has improved both our economic output and activity, the living conditions of the average Albanian have improved, and the people are no longer oppressed. Long live Albania!
Economic Miracle
Through the use of deflation measures, improving the conditions of sharecroppers, granting companies tax incentives to open branches in Albania, and general increased agricultural output, we have managed to bring about an economic golden age to Albania, with some dubbing the event as the Albanian Economic Miracle.
Polarised Nation
With the establishment of an independent Albania, two parties in Albania have managed to take power: the social-democratic Unity Party led by Avni Rustemi and the conservative Progressive Party led by Shefqet Vërlaci. With the two parties having differing goals, yet both having vast influence, it's no wonder that, in recent years, Albania has become such a politically polarised nation...
Dissolution of the Feudal System
We have managed to free the common Albanians from the yoke of the aristocrats and landowners, giving them free will and free rein over their own lives. This is truly a momentous and glorious day for the common man!
Arm of Gendarmerie
Investment into the Arm of Gendarmerie is crucial if we are to protect Albania from elements that seek to destroy and/or destabilise it from both within and without.
Improved Sharecropping
Through providing our peasant farmers and sharecroppers with upgraded tools, we can ensure that their agricultural output improves while granting them better conditions.
Funding the Bank
By incentivising the wealthy to invest in the banks, we can fill up the state's coffer and better carry out the function of the bank while assisting companies and/or nobles who need the money.
Increased Agricultural Output
By introducing new farming methods to our peasant farmers and sharecroppers, thereby weaning them off of subsistence farming, we can ensure that they produce for not only themselves but for the state and the landowners, increasing our agricultural output as a whole.
Deflation Measures
By removing a certain amount of lek from circulation, we can ensure that we can better deal with the effects of inflation caused by Black Monday and stabilise our currency. This will come at the cost of lower production capabilities, however.
Universal Health Care
Fan Noli's idea of universal health care, funded by the state through taxes, will help improve living conditions for regular Albanians alongside assisting the stabilisation of the birth rate.
Assert Albanian Sovereignty
We shall never let Albania fall to the Austrian or Serbian menace! We shall unite Albanians all around the world and ensure that Albania remains stable, free, and democratic for centuries! Long live Albania and long live the Albanian people!
Extended Civil Liberties
Granting extended rights and liberties to our people who have been oppressed by the upper class for far too long is paramount to the reformation of a democratic, just, and free Albania.
Tax Incentives
Granting businesses special privileges and tax incentives will help convince them to open up local branches in Albania, thereby increasing our economic activity while making us an attractive investment option to potential investors.
Liberalisation
The Unity Party has finally done what it had originally set out to do and has now made Albania a liberal and westernised republic. No longer shall we lag behind other nations politically and economically. No longer shall our people at the bottom of the ladder suffer. We are a free and democratic nation. Long live Albania and long live the Albanian people!
Albanian-Bulgarian Trade
By establishing economic ties between one another, we can ensure that we are suited to better fight off the economic troubles incurred during Black Monday.
Albanian-Romanian Trade
By establishing economic ties between one another, we can ensure that we are suited to better fight off the economic troubles incurred during Black Monday.
Albanian-Sicilian Trade
By establishing economic ties between one another, we can ensure that we are suited to better fight off the economic troubles incurred during Black Monday.
Centralisation of Power
By concentrating the Albanian government in the capital of Tirana, we can ensure better and more effective administration alongside easier control of our citizens.
Preserve Albanian Traditions
Ensuring the protection of the sacred traditions laid down by our ancestors and keeping those traditions safe from any outsider who seeks to erase and or disrupt them is of the utmost importance. Albania shall remain free for years to come!
Political Coup
While we have managed to secure power, in one way or another, our rule is not recognised as legitimate by the people due to us having acquired power through the use of assassination and coups. In addition, we have destabilised Albania and have disrupted the balance of power. The adjustment will take some time.
Albanian Oil
We have managed to procure Albanian oil due to our control over the nation. This will certainly be an economic boon in that it will help boost our industrial production.
§GThe Unity Party has managed to emerge victorious.§!
§GThe Progressive Party has managed to emerge victorious.§!
§RThis will anger the Progressives and the rest of the aristocrats within our nation.§!
§RThis will anger Bashkimi and the rest of the lower class within our nation.§!
§RNot taking this focus may lead to unintended and dire consequences.§!
If Bulgaria creates a faction, Albania will join it.
Influence from §H[FROM.GetNameDef]§! will result in §Rsocialist§! forces replacing the current government!
Foreign Policy
It is crucial that we begin to shift our focus outward and forge alliances and/or establish ties with other nations so as to solidify our position on the world stage.
Cultivate Egyptian Ties
The Egyptian royal family possess Albanian origins and would take kindly to our efforts to improve relations between our two nations. Approaching them would be a natural, and smart, move.
Reignite Romanian Friendship
We should begin to slowly reignite our friendship with the Romanians, who were the first nation to recognise Albanian independence and one of the first nations to formally establish relations with us.
The Tosk Albanians
The Arbëreshë people, or the Tosk Albanians, are people living in southern Italy who had fled Albania when the Ottoman Empire had conquered the nation and began to convert its citizens to Islam. They have managed to preserve their own culture and language, the Arbëresh language. Seeking to connect with them may also help us with the establishment of ties with the Two Sicilies.
Foster Relations with Bulgaria
Bulgaria had supplied and fought alongside Albanian guerrillas and had liberated us from the Serbian menace. Seeking closer ties with them may be beneficial in securing our status as a nation in the Balkans.
The Fight for Kosovo
The Ottomans had ceded Kosovo, an area that was the centre of the Albanian National Awakening, to the Serbians following the conclusion of the Balkan Wars. The vast majority of people living in the area are of Albanian background and wish to see themselves liberated from Serbian imperialism. We must take back Kosovo, no matter the cost.
Economic Policy
We must make Albania an economically and financially sound nation. The only way we can do so, however, is by pushing for the investment in new types of resources and the creation of new factories. In addition, it is also important that we take into account our rural population as well.
Hydroelectricity
We must consider Albania's reputation within the international community. Because we are seen as a poor, backwater nation, it is clear that we must take steps to change that. By allowing for the creation of dams and power plants, we can ensure affordable energy is brought to all parts of Albania; rural or otherwise.
Emergency Food Aid
Our agricultural sector has been largely left to wither and fail following the collapse of the Berlin Stock Exchange. This has resulted in record low agricultural production, with many of our poorer citizens facing starvation. The situation, as a result, has deteriorated rapidly. If we do not provide support to these people, we may face rioting.
Albania
Albanian
Albania
Albanian Socialist Republic
the Albanian Socialist Republic
Albanian Socialist Republic
the Albanian Socialist Republic
Albanian Socialist Republic
the Albanian Socialist Republic
Kingdom of Albania
the Kingdom of Albania
Kingdom of Albania
the Kingdom of Albania
Kingdom of Albania
the Kingdom of Albania
Kingdom of Albania
the Kingdom of Albania
Kingdom of Albania
the Kingdom of Albania
Kingdom of Albania
the Kingdom of Albania
Kingdom of Albania
the Kingdom of Albania
Enver Hoxha
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 16th, 1908, in Gjirokastër, Vilayet of Yanya, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LComing from a Bektashi background, Hoxha studied in France and became affiliated with the Jacobin faction there. Upon returning to Albania, the young Hoxha joined his idol, Ali Kemendi's, revolutionary movement, but eventually became disillusioned with the movement and the man himself. Calling upon his contacts in the Commune of France, Hoxha then founded a small 'vanguardist' organisation, and thanks to foreign intervention, he and his group now stand astride all of Albania.§!
Ali Kelmendi
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 3rd, 1900, in Ipek, Vilayet of Kosovo, Ottoman Empire§!
Avni Rustemi
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 22nd, 1895, in Gjirokastër, Vilayet of Yanya, Ottoman Empire§!
Fan Noli
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 6th, 1882, in İbriktepe, Vilayet of Edirne, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe American educated Fan Noli first came to prominence within nationalist circles at the head of a nationalist-aligned breakaway faction from the Albanian Orthodox Church in the United States. He eventually came to also found the 'Vatra' diaspora organisation, which grew quickly and providing critical financing to the nationalist cause.\nThe recent death of the young Avni Rustemi left a great void in the Albanian left and Fan Noli has attempted to fill it. He has attempted to de-militarise the left-nationalist movement, renaming the Unity Party and forging ties with the nation's new middle class.§!
Xhafer Ypi
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 12th, 1880, in Starje, Vilayet of Yanya, Ottoman Empire§!
Shefqet Vërlaci
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1877, in Elbasan, Vilayet of Manastir, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOne of Albania's wealthiest men, Shefqet Vërlaci was a major financial backer of the nationalist conspiracy which overthrew Prince Wilhelm. He likewise greatly affected the political system of the young Albanian Republic, particularly in the bicameral structure of the legislature. He now focuses his considerable wealth and political acumen to the preservation of the aristocratic power in Albania, particularly in opposition to increasingly popular radical land reform proposals.§!
Ahmet Zogu
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1895, in Castle Burgajet, Burrel, Vilayet of Manastir, Ottoman Empire§!
Luigj Bumçi
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 7th, 1872, in Scutari, Scutari Vilayet, Ottoman Empire§!
Eshref Frashëri
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1874, in Korçë, Vilayet of Manastir, Ottoman Empire§!
Mid'hat Frashëri
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 25th, 1880, in Janina, Vilayet of Yanya, Ottoman Empire§!
Wilhelm zu Wied
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 26th, 1876, in Neuwied Castle, Neuwied, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA German army officer and middling noble, just before the start of the Weltkrieg, Wilhelm was crowned Prince of the newly independent Albania. However, the Weltkrieg would quickly see Wilhelm all but deposed as Albania became a battleground. Eventually restored to the throne, Wilhelm was then quickly overthrown and an Albanian republic declared.\nOnce again restored to the Albanian throne, Wilhelm now juggles competing interests and personal loyalties at home and abroad. Perhaps in time with the assistance of his foreign benefactors, the Albanian people will come to fully accept this German Protestant as their Prince.§!
Luigj Gurakuqi
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 19th, 1879, in Scutari, Scutari Vilayet, Ottoman Empire§!
Ibrahim Karbunara
§YBorn:§! §L1879, in Lushnjë, Vilayet of Yanya, Ottoman Empire§!
Mehdi Frashëri
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 28th, 1872, in Frashër, Vilayet of Yanya, Ottoman Empire§!
Hasan Prishtina
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1873, in Vushtrria, Vilayet of Kosovo, Ottoman Empire§!
Fejzi Alizoti
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 22nd, 1874, in Gjirokastër, Vilayet of Yanya, Ottoman Empire§!
Gustaf von Myrdacz
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 12th, 1874, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Prenk Pervizi
§YBorn:§! §LMay 4th, 1897, in Skuraj, Scutari Vilayet, Ottoman Empire§!
Muharrem Bajraktari
§YBorn:§! §LMay 15th, 1896, in Ujëmisht, Vilayet of Manastir, Ottoman Empire§!
Hermann Kirchner
§YBorn:§! §LMay 6th, 1890, in Feldbach, Duchy of Styria, Austria-Hungary§!
Elez Isufi
§YBorn:§! §L1861, in Sllovë, Vilayet of Manastir, Ottoman Empire§!
Azem Galica
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 10th, 1889, in Vushtrri, Vilayet of Kosovo, Ottoman Empire§!
Stefan Maliko Gogës
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 10th, 1889, in Gjirokastër, Vilayet of Yanya, Ottoman Empire§!
Ali Shefqet Shkupi
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 1883, in Skopje, Vilayet of Kosovo, Ottoman Empire§!
Kadri Rustem Bardulla
§YBorn:§! §L1907, in Peshkopi, Vilayet of Manastir, Ottoman Empire§!
Spiro Moisiu
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1900, in Kavajë, Scutari Vilayet, Ottoman Empire§!
Bajram Fevziu
§YBorn:§! §L1884, in Kolonjë, Vilayet of Manastir, Ottoman Empire§!
Mujo Ulqinaku
§YBorn:§! §L1896, in Ulcinj, Principality of Montenegro§!
ENA
Étoile Nord-Africaine (Imachiste)
ENA
Étoile Nord-Africaine
MNA
Mouvement National Algérien
MPA
Mouvement Populaire Algérien
RD
Rassemblement pour la Démocratie
RND
Rassemblement National Démocratique
Mouvement Ouléma
Mouvement Ouléma
Action Algérienne
Action Algérienne
Action Algérienne
Action Algérienne
Action Algérienne
Action Algérienne
Algeria
Algerian
Algeria
Algerian Republic
the Algerian Republic
Algerian Republic
the Algerian Republic
Algerian Republic
the Algerian Republic
Algerian Republic
the Algerian Republic
Algerian Republic
the Algerian Republic
Algerian Republic
the Algerian Republic
Dzayir
Dzayir
Amar Imache
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 7th, 1895, in Ait Mesbah, Algiers, Algeria, French Republic§!
Belkacem Radjef
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 19th, 1909, in Fort-National, Algiers, Algeria, French Republic§!
Mohammed Bellounis
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 11th, 1912, in Bordj Menaïel, Algiers, Algeria, French Republic§!
Moufdi Zakaria
§YBorn:§! §LJune 12th, 1908, in Beni Isguen, Ghardaïa, Algerian Southern Territories, French Republic§!
Mohammed Saleh Bendjelloul
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 8th, 1893, in Constantine, Algeria, French Republic§!
Abdelhamid Ben Badis
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 4th, 1889, in Constantine, Algeria, French Republic§!
Ferhat Abbas
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 24th, 1899, in Taher, Constantine, Algeria, French Republic§!
Mostefa Ben Boulaïd
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 5th, 1917, in Arris, Constantine, Algeria, French Republic§!
Larbi Ben M'hidi
§YBorn:§! §Lin Aïn M'lila, Constantine, Algeria, French Republic§!
Youcef Zighoud
§YBorn:§! §Lin Sidi Mezghiche, Constantine, Algeria, French Republic§!
Krim Belkacem
§YBorn:§! §Lin Aït Yahia Moussa, Alger, Algeria, French Republic§!
Grão Pará Focus Tree
CRM
Comitê Revolucionario Maximista
PTS
Partido Trabalhista Sindical
CAA
Confederação Anarquista Amazonense
PSD
Partido Social Democrata
UDN
União Democrática Nacional
PL
Partido Liberal
PF
Partido Federalista
PP
Partido Progressista
PC
Partido Centralista
PIA
Partido Integralista Amazonense
Joaquim de Magalhães Cardoso Barata
§YBorn:§! §LJune 2nd, 1888, in Belém, Pará, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoaquim de Magalhães Cardoso Barata has served with distinction in the Brazilian army for decades, having a long career in the forces. He is however more well known for his multiple tenures as an administrator in the state, as he is the leader of the local military faction in that state that supported São Paulo in the interstate war. His tenures were usually stable, even during election year he often found himself at odds with other major political factions and actions, such as his main rivals in the Sodré family, who accused Barata of voter fraud on multiple occasions, but the political union with Amazonas and other northern states should give him some more room to manoeuvre. As president of Pará, Barata is also commander-in-chief, and his influence with the newly formed military should not be underestimated, for he has taken close attention to the formation of this military force. Having for so long struggled to maintain political control of the region, Barata now finally has Pará marching under the beat of his drum.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 2nd, 1888, in Belém, Pará, Empire of Brazil§!
Lauro Nina Sodré e Silva
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 17th, 1858, in Belém, Pará, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLauro Nina Sodré e Silva had left political behind him after the interstate war, but the current situation of Pará as an independent nation brought him back to the forefront, this time as its head of state, not merely as its governor; the old man is more than just a powerful and veteran politician, but also perhaps the oldest active politician in Pará. Also a military man, like many of the leaders in Brazil during the times of the old republic, he took part in the Vaccine Revolt in Rio, being arrested in the process, and after that, continued his career as a multiple-time representative for his state in that city. While his years may be running out, he is preparing the new republic's political system to stay aligned with his family and allies, while also balancing foreign demands and repairing wartime damage to the vital port infrastructure across the states he now rules over.§!
Valdemar Pedrosa
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 29th, 1888, in Manaus, Amazonas, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LValdemar is the son of Jônatas de Freitas Pedrosa, a former senator and state president of Amazonas with a famous and divisive legacy in the region. As per usual with members of wealthy political families in Brazil at the time, Valdemar entered law school early and pursued a career in law before officially entering politics, primarily in teaching and administrative positions in the University of Amazonas. His official entry to politics is somewhat recent, and much of it rides in the coattails of his father's political legacy during the Old Republic as the previous structures rapidly shifted as the 1930s began. While now finding himself in a privileged position as head of state, he now faces many challenges as the newly established federal structures are being disputed aggressively by politicians and landowners from Pará and his own home state of Amazonas, while also having to handle pressures by foreign powers for resources on the young republic.§!
Álvaro Botelho Maia
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 19th, 1893, in Humaitá, Amazonas, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LÁlvaro Botelho Maia moved while still young to the provincial capital of Manaus to finish his studies, and quickly found himself involved in local newspapers and later followed on into politics, but he is also a poet and a writer in his free time. While his career so far has been a string of relatively unimportant appointed positions in smaller territories of the defunct Brazilian government, his growing frustration of his lack of power to properly reform the northern reaches of the country was immense even before the war, and now he sees himself in a prime position to modernise Amazonas' still young economy, education and political infrastructure. However, being both a reformer and not of a traditional political family puts him in a collision course with powerful landowners and rubber barons, and he will have to spend significant effort to see these changes through even with foreign backing.§!
Efigênio Ferreira de Salles
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 16th, 1877, in Serro, Minas Gerais, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEfigênio Ferreira de Salles was at the helm of the state of Amazonas at the start of the interstate war, and when the news of the war reached the north, he opted for a 'wait and see' stance, which resulted in him being ousted from office after the rebels successfully ousted president Bernardes on that occasion; since then, he occupied relatively minor positions as a representative and worked as a teacher, his primary job for much of his life. However, the result of the war Brazil found itself in has made his political destiny take another unexpected turn, as he is now the president and head of state of the newly founded republic of Amazonas, a position both powerful and precarious, as his influence in Belém and outside of Amazonas in general is severely limited, especially after so many years out of the upper echelon of the great game. However, his experience, allies in Manaos and foreign backing almost ensure that in any contentious matters, his voice will be the last one heard and the one truly heeded in the young republic.§!
Siseno Ramos Sarmento
§YBorn:§! §LJune 3rd, 1907, in Manaus, Amazonas, United States of Brazil§!
Guilherme Paraense
§YBorn:§! §LJune 25th, 1884, in Belém, Pará, Empire of Brazil§!
The Riverland
Grão Pará is slowly but surely working to establish full control over the remote Amazon riverlands.
Riparian Army
The army of Grão Pará has undergone a series of transformative structural reforms. Its fighting ability, especially in the harsh terrain of the Amazon, has greatly increased.
Positive Contact Policy
Amazonas has established a native-contact policy designed to minimise destruction of the natives and their culture.
Paránese Identity
The Paránese regime is working to build a uniquely Paránese cultural identity among its people.
Natural Bounty
Grão Pará has begun to exploit its deposits of precious minerals. Living standards have risen as a result
Gold Rush
A boom in production of gold and other precious minerals has attracted substantial investment. An unprecedented number of private citizens likewise seek their fortune.
Settlement of the Amazon
Grão Pará is encouraging both citizens and immigrants to establish new settlements throughout the Amazon region.
Land of the Great River
The Amazon is the largest river in the world and the focal point of our new nation - indeed, Belém, our greatest city lies next to its great mouth. Upstream, however, there has always been a lack of political control. We must succeed where Brazil had failed and properly govern the riverland.
Political Restructuring
Our government has inherited severe inefficiency from Brazil. While changing this reality will take time, we must begin the process.
Trackers and Explorers
The Amazon is dense and foreboding, with much of its verdant catacombs unexplored. We should recruit men with experiencing navigating the jungle and pass their knowledge to our armed forces and civilian administration.
Seize Southern Assets
Many industries, owned by companies and individuals from the south, continue to pillage our nation for their own gain. This must end - these enterprises must serve our nation.
Defence of the State
While in the cities, our new nation has consolidated its control rapidly, the influence of the state dissipates quickly in rural areas. To combat this, we should fund the creation and population of new communities centred around heavily subsidised light industry. These beacons of civilisation shall naturally become small nexuses of governance.
Land Reorganisation
Our new system of land management is insufficient to handle significant expansion. However, the virgin lands which our explorers have mapped cannot sit idle. We must do whatever necessary to administer and distribute these lands.
Development Programme
The initiative to develop new light industrial settlements has found some success but our industry lags behind the rest of the world in its sophistication. Let us focus on achieving parity with even the great powers of the world.
Help our Natives
The indigenous people of the Amazon live in horrid conditions with little economic opportunity, often exploited by illegal enterprises operating in the jungle. This must end; all native tribes much be given a government attaché to protect against abuses.
First Contact Policy
While contact with civilisation may bring some benefit to the most isolated native groups, it also would surely bring a myriad of problems, especially disease and culture destruction. We must institutionalise a pro-active yet socially conscious contact policy.
Governmental Reform
The shock of our nation's quick separation from Brazil left little time to develop sufficient political institutions. With the shock now past, we should seek to remedy the shortcomings of our governmental structure.
Reach Into the Jungle
The most remote areas of the Amazon lack many basic governmental services. A letter from the border with Peru may take weeks to reach its intended destination! Let us bring these facets of modernity to every patch of rainforest.
National Identity
Our people view themselves not as Paránese, but as Brazilian, we must work to change this.
Higher Learning
Education and the cultivation of human capital drives long-run economic growth. Woefully lacking in universities, we should found a massive central campus to serve as the focal point of any future educational programmes.
Macapá-Belém Railway
Macapá is currently unreachable by rail. By building a railway from the capital, Macapá will surely prosper.
Belém-Manaos Railway
Situated in the centre of the Amazon, despite its considerable population, Manaos is reachable only by riverboat or aircraft, isolating its population. If only our government could lay the foundations for a modern railway network, the city would certainly enter a new golden age.
Manaos-Roraima Railway
Situated at the very edge of the country, Roraima is shockingly isolated for a modern city. With the need for the development of a rail system in the Amazon already established, let Roraima be enjoined with the network at last.
Manaos-Rio Branco Railway
Accessible by rail only from territories not under our control, the Rio Branco, and the Acre region with it, is at risk of slipping from our grasp. We cannot allow this fine city to become a hive of scum and villainy, let us connect it to our growing rail network.
Manaos-Fonte Boa Railway
Nearly to the Colombian border, any army advancing from the north would surely sweep through Fonte Boa. We must connect this strategically important city to the rail network.
The Port of Belém
Belém is the largest port for many hundreds of miles and the undisputed gateway to the Amazon. Unfortunately, the city lacks sufficient facilities for our warships. We must not allow our nation to so easily be brought to its knees. A great base must be built.
New Future
While consolidating our lands and their bounty is important, we must look to the future as well. New economic opportunities await.
Arm our Armies
Our armed forces cannot produce the armaments necessary to supply their swelling ranks. New factories explicitly for military production should be built.
Mining Efforts
Facilities for processing minerals are as important as the mines themselves. We should invest in the development of facilities sufficient to meet our growing production.
Manaos Shipyards
The Amazon is so great at Manaos that the massive riverboats which connect the Amazon can be built there. We need not import such vessels any longer. Let us fund the construction of specialised shipyards in Manaos.
Belém Shipyards
Belém is our greatest port and the place where merchant and military ships may be most easily built. We should work with producers to see a new boom in ship production there.
Arms Industry
We must end our constantly military supply problems once and for all. Funding must be earmarked for a new grand expansion of our domestic arms industry.
Defence of the Amazon Delta
The long coast of the delta presents a perfect target for a potential invading force. While it may be difficult to man, the entire thing must be fortified.
Industrial Incentives
With its shipbuilding industry booming, Manaos must also have industries to support such activity. We must offer financial incentives for local industries involved in such.
Tax Exempt Zones
To encourage the development of the Amazon further, tax exemptions should be granted to those in key industries in the region.
Wealth of the Land
Vast deposits of gold and other natural resources remain unexploited. We must assess these deposits and begin to export our nation's bounty.
Garimpo
Our nation's resource deposits have begun to attract the attention of fortune seekers from around the continent and the world. The gold mines, especially, have swelled with workers and Amazonian sediment is increasingly panned for gold.
Novo Ciclo da Borracha
Just a few decades ago, rubber producers set their sights on the Amazon region. With demand for rubber higher than ever, this 'Amazon Rubber Boom' must be replicated. Let us work closely with these producers to see to it.
Asserting our Independence
While we may rely upon foreign powers for protection, we shall not be their simple lapdog. While we seek not to rebel, we must assert our right to forge our own path.
Our Armed Forces
Brazil's army was forever wracked by corruption and regionalism. Our own must be developed to avoid such trappings.
Equipment Renewal
All aspects of our military procurement process lag behind our enemies. We must invest in the total overhaul of the system and acquisition of a range of new equipment.
General Staff
The development of a modern general staff is key to the success of all other reforms. We must begin to establish this infrastructure.
Tropa Anfíbia
The environment of our nation has instilled n the population knowledge especially useful to marine units. We should bolster our marines, drawing on this experience.
Army Modernisation
An entirely new military research system is needed to oversee the total modernisation of our forces. While it may be expensive it is necessary.
Better Guns
Without his rifle, a soldier is nothing. The men must be equipped with the best weapons money can buy.
Foreign Officers
We should hire the best and the brightest from across the globe to assist in the development of our military doctrine.
Above The Jungle
Paratroopers are a recent innovation and one which has taken the world by storm. We must have parachute units of our own.
Jungle Skies
The dense rainforest is nigh impenetrable at times by land. From the air, however, the land is laid bare. Let us invest in a national air force.
Rule the Air
Fighter aircraft are the backbone of every air force. Let us begin to catch up with the rest of the world in fighter design.
Bomber Models
Sometimes the best defence is a good offence. If we are ever to truly deter our enemies, we must have bombers capable of striking their towns and cities with devastating effect.
Close Air Support
Recent wars have shown the necessity of direct aerial combat support. An air force meant to keep to its own is doomed to failure. We must have close air support of our own.
Air Force Reorganisation
The legacy of the Brazilian air force and its doctrine impedes the development of our own. We must find our own way.
Airlifts
Often, troops operating in remote parts of the Amazon cannot easily be supplied overland. We should construct a new airbase purpose-built for airlifting supplies.
Long Range Flights
Not one inch of land nor airspace can be conceded to the enemy. We should research aircraft with the range to make that a reality.
Green Below, Blue Above
The mineral-rich waters of the Amazon delta present an extra challenge to any would-be invader. On the approach to our shores, they are sure to be sitting ducks! We must develop naval bombers to exploit this advantage.
Amazonas
Amazonian
Amazonas
Union of Amazonas
the Union of Amazonas
Union of Amazonas
the Union of Amazonas
Union of Amazonas
the Union of Amazonas
