$APG_ACW$ Focus Tree
America
American
America
$APG_ACW$
$APG_ACW_DEF$
$APG_ACW$
$APG_ACW_DEF$
$APG_ACW$
$APG_ACW_DEF$
American People's Government
Longist
the $APG_ACW$
Recalcitrant State Governments
State
the $APG_compromise_rebels$
TUEL
Trade Union Educational League\n§LThe latest and longest lasting of several Syndicalist labour organisations founded by William Z. Foster, the Trade Union Educational League was founded in 1920 from the remnants of Foster’s Syndicalist League of North America and International Trade Union Educational League. Opposed to the Socialist Party’s policies of electoral participation and the IWW’s strategy of dual unionism, the TUEL instead maintains an anti-political ultra-syndicalist approach of \
Socialists (Ind. Unionists)
Socialist Party of America - Industrial Unionist Faction\n§LFounded in 1901, the Socialist Party of America quickly gained traction as the premier socialist political force in the United States. First drawing support from workers, farmers, immigrants, and social reformers, among others, it was soon faced with crisis, as the revolutionary wave of the late 1910s sparked a large factional struggle within the party, between the moderate \
Socialists (Progressives)
Socialist Party of America - Progressive Caucus\n§LFounded in 1901, the Socialist Party of America quickly gained traction as the premier socialist political force in the United States. First drawing support from workers, farmers, immigrants, and social reformers, among others, it was soon faced with crisis, as the revolutionary wave of the late 1910s sparked a large factional struggle within the party, between the moderate \
Farmer-Labor
Farmer-Labor Party\n§LWith the collapse of the old Farmer-Labor Party and the abrupt exit of the SPA from legal politics, remaining loyalist Farmer-Labor politicians sought to reorganise their political party without the interference of the Socialists. Retreating into populist agricultural activism and, where possible, moderate labor activism, the new Farmer-Labor Party is a shell of what it once was, as legal politics is dominated by the Union Party.§!\n
Democrats (Lib.)
Democratic Party - Liberal Faction\n§LThe oldest continually active political party in the world, the Democratic Party was founded over 100 years ago in 1828 by Andrew Jackson and Martin van Buren. Originally an agrarian populist party upholding Jeffersonian principles, it transformed first into a (generally) pro-slavery party, then into agrarian and southern opposition to the Republicans, and then into a western, southern, and increasingly urban party with liberal inclinations.\n\nThe liberal wing of the Democrats, usually associated with the north, follows largely in the legacy of Woodrow Wilson. It is generally supported by urban \
Republicans
Republican Party\n§LFounded in 1854 as a broad tent party opposed to the Slave Power, the Republican Party has generally been regarded as the United States’ \
Democrats (Con.)
Democratic Party - Conservative Faction\n§LThe oldest continually active political party in the world, the Democratic Party was founded over 100 years ago in 1828 by Andrew Jackson and Martin van Buren. Originally an agrarian populist party upholding Jeffersonian principles, it transformed first into a (generally) pro-slavery party, then into agrarian and southern opposition to the Republicans, and then into a western, southern, and increasingly urban party with liberal inclinations.\n\nThe conservative wing of the Democrats, usually associated with the south, has been dominant in that region since the end of reconstruction. It is the natural ruling party in most of the south, with nomination tantamount to election. Divided between agrarian reactionaries and more reform-minded moderate conservatives, they are generally opposed to Civil Rights reform and cartelisation of the economy, supporting smaller businesses and landowners.§!\n
Union (Reactionaries)
Union Party - Reactionary Faction\n§LThe newest major party in US politics, the Union Party was recently formed primarily as a vehicle for Huey Long’s bid for the Presidency, when it became clear he would not be able to attain the Democratic nomination. A broad-tent alliance comprising Democrats, reactionaries, and anti-syndicalist Progressives, they are united by little more than their shared opposition to the Smith Administration, and at least a temporary unity behind Long as their leader.\n\nThough traditionally Long’s base of support has been in the midwestern farm states, reactionary and populist southern Democratic leaders such as Eugene Talmadge and Theodore Bilbo have rallied behind Long out of their opposition to Smith. These southern Democrats are united primarily by their belief in white supremacy and disdain for Smith’s particular brand of liberalism. Their unity behind Long however is clearly conditional, and unlikely to last if push comes to shove.§!\n
War Powers Committee
War Powers Committee\n§LA broad grouping of conservative industrialists and military officials who found themselves in the Longist camp in 1937, the War Powers Committee began as the primary organ for the organisation of military and industrial material for the Longist side of the Civil War. With such notables as Charles Lindbergh and Henry Ford as figureheads, the WPC has embraced strong opposition to socialism and government intervention in private economic affairs, while also positioning themselves as sceptics of centralised “mob rule”.\n\nThe WPC’s cooperation with Long has therefore at times been tense, given the natural clash between the WPC’s pro-business conservatism and Long’s redistributionist economic policy. The alliance of convenience between the two is viewed as unsustainable in the absence of a syndicalist threat, and ultimately a confrontation seems inevitable.§!\n
Union (Populists)
Union Party - Populist Faction\n§LThe newest major party in US politics, the Union Party was recently formed primarily as a vehicle for Huey Long’s bid for the Presidency, when it became clear he would not be able to attain the Democratic nomination. A broad-tent alliance comprising Democrats, reactionaries, and anti-syndicalist Progressives, they are united by little more than their shared opposition to the Smith Administration, and at least a temporary unity behind Long as their leader.\n\nLong’s primary personal base of support has, for most of his career in national politics, been in the western farm states, where his progressive but decentralist economic ideas hold sway. Long has aligned himself with western senators such as Burton Wheeler, who have come out to support his \
Democrats (Lib.)
Democratic Party - Liberal Faction
$APG_social_liberal_party_united_long_tt$\n§LThe oldest continually active political party in the world, the Democratic Party was founded over 100 years ago in 1828 by Andrew Jackson and Martin van Buren. Originally an agrarian populist party upholding Jeffersonian principles, it transformed first into a (generally) pro-slavery party, then into agrarian and southern opposition to the Republicans, then to a party of liberalism in the north and west, and now into the personal vehicle of President Huey Long.\n\nThe liberal wing of the Democrats, usually associated with the north, follows largely in the legacy of Woodrow Wilson. It is generally supported by urban \
Democrats (Con.)
Democratic Party - Conservative Faction
$APG_social_conservative_party_united_long_tt$\n§LThe oldest continually active political party in the world, the Democratic Party was founded over 100 years ago in 1828 by Andrew Jackson and Martin van Buren. Originally an agrarian populist party upholding Jeffersonian principles, it transformed first into a (generally) pro-slavery party, then into agrarian and southern opposition to the Republicans, then to a party of liberalism in the north and west, and now into the personal vehicle of President Huey Long.\n\nThe conservative wing of the Democrats, usually associated with the south, has been dominant in that region since the end of reconstruction. It is the natural ruling party in most of the south, with nomination tantamount to election. Divided between agrarian reactionaries and more reform-minded moderate conservatives, they are generally opposed to Civil Rights reform and cartelisation of the economy, supporting smaller businesses and landowners.§!\n
Democrats (React.)
Democratic Party - Reactionary Faction
$APG_authoritarian_democrat_party_united_long_tt$\n§LThe oldest continually active political party in the world, the Democratic Party was founded over 100 years ago in 1828 by Andrew Jackson and Martin van Buren. Originally an agrarian populist party upholding Jeffersonian principles, it transformed first into a (generally) pro-slavery party, then into agrarian and southern opposition to the Republicans, then to a party of liberalism in the north and west, and now into the personal vehicle of President Huey Long.\n\nLong's reactionary allies are a combination of several groups: right-wing populists such as Eugene Talmadge and Theodore Bilbo, who view Long as a defender of southern racial institutions, and more reactionary and security-minded establishment conservatives, such as Martin Dies Jr. Both groups are reticent about Long's economic populism, however they tolerate it for the moment in service of their other goals.§!\n
Democrats (Longists)
Democratic Party - Longist Faction
$APG_national_populist_party_united_long_tt$\n§LThe oldest continually active political party in the world, the Democratic Party was founded over 100 years ago in 1828 by Andrew Jackson and Martin van Buren. Originally an agrarian populist party upholding Jeffersonian principles, it transformed first into a (generally) pro-slavery party, then into agrarian and southern opposition to the Republicans, then to a party of liberalism in the north and west, and now into the personal vehicle of President Huey Long.\n\nLong’s primary personal base of support has, for most of his career in national politics, been in the western farm states, where his progressive but decentralist economic ideas hold sway. Long has aligned himself with western senators such as Burton Wheeler, who have come out to support his \
Democrats (Longists)
Democratic Party - Reactionary Faction\n§LThe oldest continually active political party in the world, the Democratic Party was founded over 100 years ago in 1828 by Andrew Jackson and Martin van Buren. Originally an agrarian populist party upholding Jeffersonian principles, it transformed first into a (generally) pro-slavery party, then into agrarian and southern opposition to the Republicans, then to a party of liberalism in the north and west, and now into the personal vehicle of President Huey Long.\n\nLong’s primary personal base of support has, for most of his career in national politics, been in the western farm states, where his progressive but decentralist economic ideas hold sway. Long has aligned himself with western senators such as Burton Wheeler, who have come out to support his \
Democrats (\
Democratic Party - \
Democrats (Lib.)
Democratic Party - Liberal Faction\n§LThe oldest continually active political party in the world, the Democratic Party was founded over 100 years ago in 1828 by Andrew Jackson and Martin van Buren. Originally an agrarian populist party upholding Jeffersonian principles, it transformed first into a (generally) pro-slavery party, then into agrarian and southern opposition to the Republicans, then to a party of liberalism in the north and west, and now into a decidedly conservative party of government.\n\nThe liberal wing of the Democrats, usually associated with the north, follows largely in the legacy of Woodrow Wilson. It is generally supported by urban \
Democrats (Con.)
Democratic Party - Conservative Faction\n§LThe oldest continually active political party in the world, the Democratic Party was founded over 100 years ago in 1828 by Andrew Jackson and Martin van Buren. Originally an agrarian populist party upholding Jeffersonian principles, it transformed first into a (generally) pro-slavery party, then into agrarian and southern opposition to the Republicans, then to a party of liberalism in the north and west, and now into a decidedly conservative party of government.\n\nThe conservative wing of the Democrats, usually associated with the south, has been dominant in that region since the end of reconstruction. It is the natural ruling party in most of the south, with nomination tantamount to election. Divided between agrarian reactionaries and more reform-minded moderate conservatives, they are generally opposed to Civil Rights reform and cartelisation of the economy, supporting smaller businesses and landowners.§!\n
Democrats (React.)
Democratic Party - Reactionary Faction\n§LThe oldest continually active political party in the world, the Democratic Party was founded over 100 years ago in 1828 by Andrew Jackson and Martin van Buren. Originally an agrarian populist party upholding Jeffersonian principles, it transformed first into a (generally) pro-slavery party, then into agrarian and southern opposition to the Republicans, then to a party of liberalism in the north and west, and now into a decidedly conservative party of government.\n\nThe former reactionary allies of Huey Long quickly assumed command of the party in the wake of the Kingfish's death. Rolling back his radical economic policies in favour of a racially and economically conservative platform, many question if the civil war was worth fighting at all if it was to lead to more of the same. Nevertheless, it seems that the conflicts that have plagued the party for a decade are finally settled.§!\n
Democrats (Longists)
Democratic Party - Longist Faction\n§LThe oldest continually active political party in the world, the Democratic Party was founded over 100 years ago in 1828 by Andrew Jackson and Martin van Buren. Originally an agrarian populist party upholding Jeffersonian principles, it transformed first into a (generally) pro-slavery party, then into agrarian and southern opposition to the Republicans, then to a party of liberalism in the north and west, and now into a decidedly conservative party of government.\n\nLong’s primary personal base of support was, for most of his career in national politics, in the western farm states, where his progressive but decentralist economic ideas hold sway. Long aligned himself with western senators such as Burton Wheeler, who have come out to support his \
America First
America First Party
$APG_paternal_autocrat_party_huac_split_long_tt$\n§LEmerging from the myriad splits and mergers on the far-right of politics after the death of Huey Long, the America First Party represents the northern right-wing populist wing of Long's movement. Headed by Long ally Gerald L. K. Smith and famed aviator Charles Lindbergh, the party advocates for isolationism, anti-syndicalism, and traditional values. Though the party initially showed promise, soon its momentum stalled, and it appears unlikely that it will be a decisive power player any time soon.§!\n
Union
Union Party
$APG_national_populist_party_huac_split_long_tt$\n§LThe newest major party in US politics, the Union Party was recently formed primarily as a vehicle for Huey Long’s bid for the Presidency, when it became clear he would not be able to attain the Democratic nomination. A broad-tent alliance comprising Democrats, reactionaries, and anti-syndicalist Progressives, they are united by little more than their shared opposition to the Smith Administration, and at least a temporary unity behind Long as their leader.\n\nLong’s primary personal base of support was, for most of his career in national politics, in the western farm states, where his progressive but decentralist economic ideas hold sway. Long aligned himself with western senators such as Burton Wheeler, who have come out to support his \
The Kingfish
The Brother's Keeper
Wall Street's Paladin
Head in the Clouds
Paranoid Anti-Socialist
The Rightful President
National Recovery Administration
Military Industrial Complex
Minutemen
Illegalised Strikes
Privileged State Employment
The American Progress
Crop Burning
Share the Wealth
Share the Wealth Lingering Costs
COINTELPRO
The ESMWT
The American Legion
Boy Scouts
Industrial Security Act
Expanded FBI
Renewed Tariffs
Moseley Reform Plan
With Approval of the Government, General Moseley has begun reorganising the military and centralising the command structure. Soon our army will be able to correctly take a position, consolidate and quickly plan for the next movement.
Moseley Reform Plan
The first step in Moseley's plan to reform the military is to take a tally of the officers deserving of promotion for heroism and those deserving of demotion for immorality. Those deserving will be recalled to the capital to receive new guidelines Moseley has developed.
Moseley Reform Plan
The second step for Moseley is to assess the state of the forts and weapon stocks scattered across the country. It will be very difficult to centralise our resources if we cannot locate them in an emergency.
Moseley Reform Plan
With the officers now galvanised and communication secured, it is time for Moseley to arrange the order of battle around the national strategy. This may disappoint generals who enjoyed the rabble of the civil war, but this is progress.
Moseley Reform Plan
With Moseley's reforms finished, our army now stands at the forefront of military tactics and organisation, with an expanded logistical service and fast-reacting command chains that allow us not only to plan ahead of the battle but to also react fast enough to enemy movement as to always be prepared.
Danford Reform Plan
With Approval of the Government, General Danford has begun reorganising the military and standardisation of ordnance. Soon our army will be able to deliver the most efficient force to the enemy with the fewest casualties possible.
Danford Reform Plan
The first step in Danford' plan to reform the military is to take a tally of the officers deserving of promotion for heroism and those deserving of demotion for wasteful actions. Those deserving will be recalled to the capital to meet with our new suppliers.
Danford Reform Plan
The second step for Danford is to assess the state of the forts and weapon stocks scattered across the country. Equipment that is in need of repair or is deemed too dangerous will be removed and recycled.
Danford Reform Plan
With the officers now informed and our weapons stocked, it is time for Danford to arrange the order of battle around the national strategy. This may disappoint generals who enjoyed abusing their authority to make risky manoeuvres, but this is progress.
Danford Reform Plan
With Danford' reforms finished, our army now stands at the forefront of military tactics and organisation, with an expanded logistical service and the latest in force weaponry, we will be able to respond to any threat, no matter how many enemies they send after us.
Patton Reform Plan
With Approval of the Government, General Patton has begun reorganising the military and centralising the command structure. Soon our army will be able to evolve warfare through mobile artillery and superior armour.
Patton Reform Plan
The first step in Patton's plan to reform the military is to take a tally of the officers deserving of promotion for heroism and those deserving of demotion for shellshock. Those deserving will be recalled to the capital to receive new guidelines Patton has developed.
Patton Reform Plan
The second step for Patton is to assess the state of the forts and vehicles scattered across the country. It will be very difficult to lead a charge if our armour runs out of gas.
Patton Reform Plan
With the officers now slapped and our vehicles refuelled, it is time for Patton to arrange the order of battle around the national strategy. No front will be safe from the enemy, so we should make it unsafe for the enemy everywhere.
Patton Reform Plan
With Patton's reforms finished, our army now stands at the forefront of military tactics and organisation, with an expanded logistical service and a safer soldier, we are ready to venture onto the battlefield already victorious.
American Automobile Industry
The American automotive industry, while enthusiastic to assist in the war effort, is still developing a way to respond to the newly-ruined roads we tread.
American Automobile Industry
While the roads may still be shattered, thanks to the auto manufacturers we can still reach our destination and keep that new car smell.
Weapon Manufacturers
The need to meet the enemy on the ground means we'll need to develop a range of guns capable of handling all possible battle scenarios.
Increase Military Spending
The national budget has been given extra attention in the continuing struggle of our great nation.
Army Bonus Bill
Weyland Air Reform Plan
The first step in Weyland's plan is to assess the level of cooperation Air Marshals have exhibited towards Generals. Those that work together should be rewarded.
Weyland Air Reform Plan
The second step in Weyland's plan is to create a communication and information network for reconnaissance and close air support, enabling generals to understand the new possibilities air assistance affords them.
LeMay Air Reform Plan
The first step in LeMay's plan is to galvanise the fighting spirit of the Air Force. No more gentlemanly agreements towards traitorous pilots flying for the enemy.
LeMay Air Reform Plan
The second step in LeMay's plan is to assess the most significant industrial targets for destruction in enemy territory. More lives will be lost if we cannot secure a swift victory.
Air Corps Tactical School
A new airfield has been set aside for training a new era of American pilots.
§GWe shall root out traitors and destroy terrorists!§!\n
$tooltip_event_choice$The Share Our Wealth bill was approved
Reduces the completion of $APG_growing_share_the_wealth_costs$
The focus branch §Y$APG_washingtons_inheritor$§! will be disabled §Rpermanently!§!
Moves capital to §Y[371.Controller.GetVictoryPointName_1453]§!
Share the Wealth
Growing Share the Wealth Costs
Deal with the Rebels
Now that the civil war is over, we must deal with the various rebels that shall challenge our rule over America and refuse to lay down their arms.
Fight Socialist Terrorists
Fight Federalist Terrorists
§MLong - Democrats (Longist)§! / §MLong - Democrats (Reactionary)§! ($national_populist_coloured$ / $authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot At the American Legion appointment, choose to appoint Fox Corner.\n£white_dot In the special session of Congress, letting the bill pass will gives us access to the §YWashington's Inheritor§! branch, while vetoing it will only let us do §YCollaborate with the Establishment§! branch.\n §CNote§!: Huey Long will die around 15 years after you switch over to the APG, with Earl Long becoming president.\n\n§MMoseley - War Powers Committee§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Agree to Lindbergh propose meeting with industrialist.\n£white_dot At the American Legion appointment, choose to appoint George Moseley.\n£white_dot In the special session of Congress, choose any of the options.\n£white_dot The §PWar Powers Committee§! and George Van Horn Moseley will come to power after Long's disappearance.\n£white_dot Some time later, 3 events giving us the option to improve the ability to cover up the plot will appear, choose the options that improves it at least once to avoid the plot being undercover.\n §CNote§!: George Moseley will die around 15 to 16 years after you switch over to the APG, with Charles Lindbergh becoming president\n\n§MDies - Democrats (Reactionary)§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot At the American Legion appointment, choose Robert Elkington Wood.\n£white_dot In the special session of Congress, let the bill pass.\n£white_dot The anti-socialist Martin Dies will become the new president.\n\n§MForeign Policy§!\n£white_dot §MRebuild the Monroe Doctrine§!: We will attempt to rebuild our influence in the Americas, creating our own faction, having decisions to attack all socialist and nationalist countries in the Americas and eventually, puppet those weaker than us in our alliance.\n£white_dot §MEnter the Fray§!: We will be able to join the Entente if New England isn't in faction with them or join the Reichspakt, and have decisions to attack Japan, the leader of the Third Internationale, Germany and Russia.\n£white_dot §MFortress America§!: We will abstain from joining any wars and focus on peace.
Every Man a King
What began as a dream and lifted from a motivational book by Orison Swett Mardin, Every Man a King is now a political reality. It is positive thinking and the end of pessimistic greed that caused the Great Depression that will save America. Following Huey Long's economic and social plans to transform America and rewrite the political landscape.
Patriotic Mass Education
Across this great nation there are millions more children struggling to resume normal life and facing a future no better than that of their parents without education. President Long has approved the bill Congress sped through to rebuild schools and reopen colleges for Americans in need. Making sure that the curriculum teaches them the correct ideas, of course.
For the Poor Man
Now the president has brought to Congress legislation to furnish a homestead allowance of 1/3rd the average wealth. A guaranteed annual income of $$2000 and old-age pensions is ready to be distributed to loyal Americans. Until such a time when the proper income tax changes are made, these benefits are coming out of the National Treasury.
Federal Farm Grants
While few made it through the civil war unscathed, perhaps the heaviest hit were the farmers. Marauding armies would frequently make it a point to burn fields as they went in order to prevent the enemy from gaining the spoils come harvest time. The Farm Bureau must be allocated additional funding to relieve the nation's farmers!
War on Disease
It is a great crime that proper healthcare in this country is limited to just the wealthy few at the top. That you can still find people priced out from health care in the 20th century in a premier country is inconceivable. Reform is drastically needed to ensure adequate access to health care for all Americans!
Target the Picket Line
The American dream was built on the character of those who traveled to America to create a better life for their community and worked hard to make it happen. As such, there is nothing more un-American than to take to the picket line and refuse to work. Strikes were pivotal in creating the chaos of 1937, and cannot be allowed to remain a legal activity.
Minuteman Law Enforcement
In order to preserve the integrity of our armed forces, we must expand the Minutemen into the field of civil protection and border monitoring. The insurgent socialists and MacArthurites don't adhere to the rules of engagement anymore, therefore we must prepare for any level of brutality on their part.
Root Out Traitors
The ideological fight against the political and social enemies of America has been done thus far with welfare and incentives. Now President Long is ready to pull punches against the social resistance to Share the Wealth. We must use every measure possible to stop the boat of the nation from turning over.
Defang the Klan
Hiram Wesley Evans and his cadre of his Grand Wizards are finally arrested and brought to trial for their terroristic actions. Murders, lynchings, and voter intimidation is being brought against this most dangerous group of traitors. With their conviction we have finally pacified the most extreme that sought to poison the new America.
4-Day Work Week
A controversial position, but one that Huey Long has supported since the early 1930's. Starting with select government positions, the 30 hour week experiment will grant these employees the ability to more freely enjoy the outdoors, travel, and otherwise stimulate the economy through consumer spending across the country.
Industrial Direction Board
It is clear that the great unchecked American experiment of capitalism has run its course. Instead of facilitating the American dream, greedy robber barons hoarded wealth into their own pockets. A committee must be made to help oversee the great companies of America and direct industrial expansion to serve the people.
State Public Works Projects
With much of the country under ruin from the fighting of the civil war, there is plenty of work to be done. To fight two problems at once, large public works projects dedicated to restoring broken infrastructure will be initiated to provide employment to those who find themselves unemployed.
Freeze Commodity Prices
In the post civil war economy, many unscrupulous individuals have sought to enrich themselves at the expense of their neighbour. Middlemen purchasing food in bulk for resale are a scourge on the country. Accordingly, the government must step in to ensure that all citizens have access to essential commodities.
Collaborate with the Establishment
With a failure to follow-through on many of the overly ambitious programs that Long promised the people in the mid 1930's, it may be time to begin offering feelers to former allies in the establishment. While they may have been on the wrong side of the civil war once, who says amnesty can't be found?
Agricultural Adjusment Act
Even with most farms converting towards staple crops, we still find ourselves with plenty of cash crop farmers. Faced with competition from Egypt and India, the Department of Agriculture has come up with a plan to force partial burns of crops in order to drive up their price.
Detente with Big Business
Finding room in the budget for such ambitious programs like the Homestead Credit were daunting tasks facing Long. Even with huge taxes levied on corporations, the programme would struggle to balance the books. Instead, it would be more prudent to work with big business to raise the common workers wages.
Capitol Hill Conference
Savvy enough to know when brute force is not the ticket to win the day, President Long has called for a conference of the leading representatives of the establishment parties. It is hoped that the legislative and executive branch leadership can come to alignment on many of the prominent issues of the day.
Guide American Democracy
It is clear that America is too diverse of a country to be adequately governed by a single mass party. Instead, the triumvirate of the three great parties in American politics must learn to share power and work together for the good of the people they were elected to serve!
Protect the Elections
Rampant voter intimidation at the polls in 1936 led to a great number of spoiled ballots, particularly among the rust belt, where socialist militias found huge scores of votes for Reed. In order to combat this, we must station loyal Minutemen across the country to make sure that no one can intimidate voters at the polls.
Washington's Inheritor
It is the hope of Huey Long to fully embrace his role as the heir to Washington. Just as Washington fought against the creation of competing political parties in his farewell address, so too should we encourage our allies in the Republican and Democratic parties to break ranks and join the united Share Our Wealth movement that stands for all!
War Hero Repayment Act
With the conclusion of the civil war, many of our young men are coming home to either destroyed farms or discovering that others have taken their jobs during the fighting. To leave them out to dry would be an utter disrespect to their service to the nation. We must enact legislation that gives preferential hiring privileges to those who defended us in our darkest hour.
The President's Share of the Wealth
The expenses the president has taken out for Every Man a King requires a fundamentally different means of tax collection and public financing to sustain itself. Therefore, President Long has laid out a road-map to plan out spending for the next four years of his term and milestones that America should cross.
The Young Minutemen
The orphans of the Civil War need not only education to uplift themselves, but discipline as well. A visit to Boys Town near Omaha Nebraska has inspired President Long to create the National Youth Administration. A work training and activism group for young Americans that gives orphans a place to stay and trains them in important life skills.
The American Progress
In order to win over the hearts and minds of the American people, we must be sure that they are constantly hearing of our grand plans to lift them up. The American Progress creates a federal agency for radio and television broadcasting. Regulations will require networks give airtime for government use in case of emergency and to broadcast future victories.
The Business Plot
In order to keep the reputation of the War Powers Committee away from the public eye, we have chosen to extend the facade of the 'Arsenal of the Republic' into the new America. The saved United States will return to the fundamental values of our Founding Fathers, and clearly say to the world that America is a Republic, not a Democracy.
Use the FBI
The new leadership in the FBI understands the needs of the new American Republic to safeguard against traitors. The cooperation of the FBI is also popularly received as it signals stability. We can trust the FBI to weed out traitors wherever they hide.
New Alien and Sedition Acts
One of the most important acts of the early American Republic was the Aliens and Sedition Act passed by President John Adams, a wise statesman. We must revive the Act to protect true Americans from syndicalist infiltrators. Firstly, being a danger to public safety or national integrity is now grounds for imprisonment and deportation.
COINTELPRO
The success of the New Aliens and Sedition Act has allowed us to identify several non-political and religious organisations with known syndicalist members. These groups will be monitored under the new COINTELPRO program, the first fully empowered counterintelligence programme capable of monitoring communications between group members.
Reform Democratic Principles
Through the Aliens and Sedition Act we have gathered a list of known enemies of the War Powers Committee. They are welfare Longists, anti-progress religious fundamentalists, and mutualists. We are prepared to arrest every ground member and have prepared to export certain as-of-yet untouchable politicians who support these dissidents.
Office of Policy Coordination
The Office of Policy Coordination, or OPC, was proposed as a means to influence local politics in our favour through agent provocateurs, small scale sanctions, and directly sabotage. The OPC will enable us to softly muscle out radicals and indignant federalists that wish to re-enter the US government on their terms.
The Black Chamber
Another safety objective is to revitalise the Black Chamber with something Vannevar Bush calls Memex. It is a hypothetical system that would be able to store and transmit microfilm and make information search-able from a station that is connected through telephone wire to other stations. This proposed plan could lead us to a golden age of security.
American Nationalism
The American Dream, or Creed, or even Ideal is the often-described glue that holds together our national integrity and prevents civil disturbances. The cascade of failure that was epitomised by Smith and turned over by Huey Long is now fertile for our country to replant American Nationalism.
The American Legion
The end of Huey Long would have ended in disaster if not for the brave veterans of the American Legion. It was the American Legion under Moseley that stood tall when public hysteria grew against syndicalists. It was also the American Legion that convinced Huey Long's Minutemen bodyguards to take that necessary detour. The American Legion should be empowered to prevent any traitors from threatening our Republic again.
Control the Boy Scouts
Patriotic youth organisations have existed in Europe for decades. Our own Boy Scouts of America are an untapped well of support for the country to encourage loyalty in Americans subtlety. The War Powers Committee authorises the appropriation of the Boy Scouts facility to educate and foster true Republicanism.
Fordism
Although scientific management was not invented by Henry Ford, it was Ford that proved that measuring time spent on work tasks could lead to faster and more efficient time management. To thank our Committee member Ford, we have granted him the intellectual property over the assembly line method, as well as promoted it in publications.
American Capitalism
Our country is a capitalist nation, and through the War Powers Committee we can revitalise the age of progress that dissidents and populists intended to destroy. Through our loyal Congressmen, Business Councils will be formed again in the Capitol, taxes will be lowered, and the stock market will be made safe from terrorism.
Create the ESMWT
The Engineering, Science, and Management War Training, or ESMWT, is the brainchild of the Department of Commerce to decentralise technological changes. Instead of cooperation that would disrupt competition and give an unfair advantage to certain businesses, this programme disburses its findings freely to the public.
Captains of Industry
Without the noble self-sacrifice of the Captains of Industry, America would have been lost. We should push through Congress a new income tax bracket for those earning more than $$10 million dollars annually. With many exceptions designed to give these useful industrialists tax breaks if they are engaged in philanthropy.
Industrial Security Act
The need for work-site security has never been greater. The average working man is besieged by syndicalist infiltrators, Longist provocateurs, and federalist malcontents. We need to authorise the use of strikebreakers and integrate our loyal American Legionaries into the new National Guard so as to quickly respond to industrial sabotage.
National Labor Control Act
A permanent solution to the labour crisis has presented itself in the form of then executive order by [Root.GetLeader] to set up a National Labor Control Bureau. The NLRB will remedy unfair labour practices by both unions and business owners. The impartial wording of the agency has received widespread support from third parties.
Red Scare
The FBI has announced that after many months of searching for President Long, he can no longer be presumed alive. The uproar against any socialist groups remaining in America is enormous. The War Powers Committee can barely keep up with all the state laws being passed to stop socialism. Public approval for [Root.GetLeader] is at an all-time high.
Traditional Values
An address by President [Root.GetLeader] has denounced the changes of the last thirty years as the agenda of foreigners that sought to destroy America's industrious nature. The press is divided between those that know [ROOT.GetLeader] as an anti-semite canard and those who truly believe in America. Nevertheless, the public loves it.
Republic without Democracy
The American public is now in agreement that Huey Long's true vision of America was that of a Republic without Democracy. [ROOT.GetLeader]'s term has been extended for another four years due to the continued emergency that threatens the American continent. Americanism as the War Powers Committee sees it grows as the term oligarchy loses its stigma.
A Sentinel of the Republic
It is the sacred duty of the true American patriot to exemplify the virtues of the early republican farmer of ancient Rome. A warrior once summoned, but simultaneously a dutiful and productive member of society keeping the economic engine running at full capacity.
Affadavits and Oaths
The civil war has deeply shaken the people's trust in the government. In order to restore our image in the eyes of the people, we must limit access to governmental positions unless said civil servant has taken an oath of loyalty to stay true to keeping the government intact. All labour leaders will also be required to sign affadavits affirming they do not belong to any syndicalist organisation currently in opposition to the US Government.
Empower the HUAC
Various rumours abound about secret plots and conspiracies to overthrow our government. In order to discover the true extent of these claims, we must empower the House Un-American Activities Committee to perform a thorough examination of government agents all the way up to the top to root out any traitors among us.
The Patriotic Education Guild
Those uncovered by the HUAC and found guilty by the Department of Justice can not be allowed to continue to hold any office in the country. We must remove them from power and ban them from ever again seeking office. After all, who can trust a traitor?
Expand The FBI
The mission of the FBI is as follows: To protect the American people and uphold the Constitution of the United States. No motto is needed more in this country than that of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Through additional funding, we shall ensure that the FBI gets every resource and more that they need to fulfil their motto.
COINTELPRO
With the additional resources dedicated to them, the FBI is now more equipped to thoroughly go after subversive groups hiding in the United States. This Counter Intelligence Program will seek to infiltrate, discredit, and disrupt any anti-American forces operating domestically.
The Mother's Movement
America was the first country in the world to commit to honouring the important role that women play in the holiday, Mother's Day. We must encourage the patriotic women of this country to continue to strive for motherhood via a series of tax breaks and incentives that benefit the families who continue to create the next great generation of Americans!
Expand Congressional Powers
The tragic events of 1936 and early 1937 showcase a fatal weakness in our system of governance. Unable to effectively govern, the people's representatives in Congress were left floundering under ineffective power. We must expand the powers that Congress holds in order to avoid the folly that led to the onset of the Second American Civil War.
Mintuemen into Reservists
The defence of the republic is the sacred duty of the professional armed forces of the United States. While minutemen and other paramilitary groups were essential in fighting the civil war, we must begin the process of disarming and disbanding the various paramilitary groups and encourage their entry into the Federal Armed Forces.
Constitutional Protections
In the time of the founding fathers, the memory of tyrant King George was enough to dissuade the people of that era from pursuing reckless power. However, with that memory far in the past, we must take steps to amend the consitition and restrict the excesses of the Executive branch to ensure that no dictator can destroy our republic!
Readmit Republicans and Democrats
No factions were torn usunder quite like the establishment parties of the Republicans and Democrats. Separated by vast reaches of space, many found themselves on opposite sides of the civil war from members of their own party. Such divisions will take time to heal, but we must not look this gift in the mouth to attempt to pull together the two parties in Washingtonian unity.
Absorb the Jobless and Liberty Parties
For all the faults that Huey Long had, his oratory skills were not among them. He had a true gift in creating quite the populist base across the country. The minor parties that tried to imitate Long, the Jobless Party and Liberty Party, must be commended and rewarded handsomely for their dedication to American principles.
Executive Order 6166
The conclusion of the Second American Civil War has brought no shortage of trials and cases before the Department of Justice. Overwhelmed, they have called on the government to assist in streamlining and expanding the department to better serve the people. This will also give us ample opportunity to empower the Department of Justice to come down harder upon anti-Government dissenters.
Veteran Employment Act
We owe a great debt of gratitude for the soldier who fought under our banner and brough the Second American Civil War to a conclusion in our favour. Accordingly, we shall begin writing legislation that provides discharged soldiers with easy access to affordable home loans, gainful employment, and the ability to pursue higher education if they desire.
Nationalise Without Internationalism
As the fighting continues to die down in the urban industrial areas of the country, we find ourselves in control of a vast number of entreprises that once produced weapons and goods for the enemy. This affords us the perfect opportunity to nationalise these industries to better serve the state, while ensuring that those business owners who supported us remain loyal.
Restrict Union Power
The Socialist Party of America have shown their true colours to the world in their revolutionary actions. It is clear that unchecked union power would be a hindrance to proper society and lead to mass unemployment as greedy unions begin sucking up the wages of their workers and destroy the healthy capitalistic competition that America is built on.
Enshrine The Right-To-Work
While outright banning all union activity might be a step too far, the government can step in to protect employees from being unfairly treated by them. We must provide a guarantee that employees have the right to refrain from being forced into membership of any labour union by virtue of their place of employment being a closed shop that mandates union membership.
Continue The Tariffs
In order to rebuild the local American economy, we must begin implementing a series of protectionist tariffs designed to drive up the prices of any outside goods that foreign nations are seeking to flood America with. Instead, we must turn inwards to our fellow neighbour and build back stronger than ever!
Farmer Relief Act
With government programs to assist farmers affected by the dust bowl still struggling to make progress, the advent of the Second American Civil War did nothing to help farmers as their land became a battleground for the various armies in the fighting. As such, we should begin allocating resources and grants to farmers looking to rebuild or mechanise their farms.
Rebuilding the Country
A long struggle to push through the Federalist and Syndicalist forces in America has left the victorious [ROOT.GetNameDef] economically drained. The hand that unifies the country can either promote deficit spending regime, or an austere policy that limits direct intervention in the market.
National Recovery Administration
The NRA emphasises the use of public domain and work-living units instead of 'cut throat competition' of regular contract work. Workers in the NRA will receive the benefit of a minimum wages and price-controlled work environments in constant to the old Company Store model.
Public Works Administration
The ability to generate electricity, transport water, and ensure safe and efficient travel was lost during the civil war, but the Public Works Administration will fix all that. It is a fund that will ensure contractors pay their employees fairly.
National Education Administration
In the wake of the collapse of [WCA.GetNameDef], the National Education Association has folded and its members dispersed. With most teachers being apolitical and the union never being able to exert much partisan power over them, it makes a strong candidate for rehabilitation by the new American government.
Civil Works Administration
As a nation, America lost a great deal of its labour supply to fighting and the poverty of the disorganised Federalists. The leader has pushed an executive order authorising the creation of an agency to employ manual labourers fill out the spaces in employment for NRA projects.
Civilian Conservation Corps
The damage done to America by the civil war has been considerable, and even approaching the idea of reconstruction seems like an insurmountable problem. An idea has been floating around the capital of establishing a public body to oversee not only the reconstruction effort but looking into how to rebuild a better America once that project is complete.
Rural Electrification
The electricity network throughout the country has regressed to that of the 1910s. This is Un-American and we need to ensure that our constituents can be properly informed about our nation's glory.
Agricultural Adjustment Act
Newspaper stories during the hysteria of '36 were filled with horror stories of farmers burning rotting crops due to being unable to sell excess while city ghettos starved. Our solution to this is the Agricultural Adjustment Act, to create a policy on crop conservation.
Farm Security Administration
Sharecroppers and tenant farmers make up a significant portion of our constituency, especially in the core power of the South. We must extend a credit programme with very low interest rates to farmers who apply to resettle land, especially land in the old Steel Belt.
Begin Reconstruction
The civil war has blasted our country to pieces. Large parts of the rural country are naught but mud and ashes, while countless cities have been reduced to smouldering rubble. We shall set to work developing new housing and infrastructure as soon as possible.
Punish the Corrupt and Treacherous
Congress has sided with us in condemning these companies that betrayed the American people. Lists of majority shareholders in traitorous companies have been seized and the executive officers of companies that have exploited workers behind the facade of government are now on trial.
Reconciliation
Congress finally won out against the executive branch, and has decided not to bring charges against seditious companies. Executive officers were pressured to resign in order for their company to be re-listed however, but ultimately the shareholders are deemed innocent of wrongdoing.
Military-Industrial Complex
Constraints imposed by the poor state of the American treasury and the weak strength of the dollar has been made known to Congress, who has devised a new plan for recovery based on cooperation with private enterprise.
Corporate Alliance
The old bureaucratic system of time-based seniority pales in comparison to scientific management as proposed by Fredrick Taylor. We need the expertise of business professionals within Congress, in order to secure an alliance with the corporate infrastructure in America.
Loosen Regulations
The dual-layered federal government system had allowed for at times very loose regulations on workspace practice, depending on the state. In order to leverage this inherent balance in our government, we must allow businesses both large and small to thrive.
Building Grants
Smaller townships across America have no recourse if their need is slightly less than the threshold for contract work. Our remedy is a Building Grant program based off of the Ford Foundation. This allows communities to show proper need and return on investment for contract work.
Corporate Militarism
Many businesses closed or were temporarily forced to leave America when union activity reached a pitched frenzy. There must be a show of strength to prove that America is now safe. We shall offer surplus military goods to companies looking to relocate back into 'dangerous' areas.
Military Factories
Munitions factories and armouries are reporting a large loss of stock to theft as well as difficulty competing with foreign competition. We can fix the first without infringing on the Second Amendment with a tariff on imported arms.
American Business is Business
As most of Congress is fiscally conservative, it was easy to pass laws reorganising the newly named National Reserve to stop deflation. We must lower the money supply and remove illegal currency from circulation or else our buying power will never recover.
Research Investments
As we revitalise research labs and think tanks across the nation, we have also begun to spread highly rewarding research grants that have laid dormant during the Civil War. Privately funded or philanthropically created universities are given priority to receive grants from the government.
Reconstruction is Over
The course of reconstruction has revealed the true ideological basis for why Smith was unable to fix the economy. The wiser constituents of these windbags have largely voted them out by now, as the GDP rises and the American standard of living rises and even exceeds pre-war levels.
From a Militia to a Fighting Force
So far the only force the Kingfish has commanded have been small-time militias in urban environments. With the advent of the civil war, many generals and army groups have 'deserted' to join the real American government, and adapting our previous forces and hierarchy to these newcomers should be our priority.
Patton Reform Plan
Citing our outdated army organisation, General Patton has approached us with a reform plan. Insisting that a strong offensive thrust is the best way of defending our lands from the corrupt Feds and treacherous Reds, his plan would see us orient our industry towards the rapid motorisation our forces. While his harsh methods have their critics, no one's doubting the results he'll bring when on the offensive.
Moseley Reform Plan
Given how outdated the Army organisation had become, General Moseley has approached us with a reform plan. He has put forward a hierarchical reorganisation from top to bottom, the expansion of old army bases to train officers and a focus on centralising the command chain. He has requested the Kingfish for a carte blanche to carry out his plan and bring our army up to standard.
Danford Reform Plan
Given how unprepared our Army is for the inferno we've thrown ourselves into, General Danford has approached us with a plan. He has put forward that in lieu of mechanisation and technological advantage, victory requires the South's industry to adapt to the needs of the artillery which shall lead the way to defeat the traitors in the North. While there are sceptics among the government, his proposition should be considered.
Logistics Management Expertise
During the Interwar, Moseley was put as assistant to General Dawes in the Bureau of Budget, and that has taught him quite a lot about logistical placement priority. This knowledge shall prove invaluable for us, as our forces are stretched, and our supplies are severely limited.
Expand Fort Benning for Training
Fort Benning has served our nation faithfully since its foundation in 1909, and its importance continues to grow by the day. Being the home of the United States Army Infantry School, an expansion of Fort Benning could provide us with better room for our new officer recruits, and in turn, provide us with better officers both on the short and long term.
Joint Chiefs of Staff
The disputes common in the Federal inter-service politics persist in our own government. In order to avoid this interdisciplinary contention from spilling over, we must ensure that all our Chiefs of Staff are given equal attention.
Improve Our Artillery
The South's Artillery industrial output is subpar at best with the rest of the nation. In order to catch up, new artillery drafts improving their range and reload speed will enable our artillery to strike faster and strike harder than our enemy's.
Assembly Line Modifications
With the new designs already in the assembly line, one of our designers pointed out that several pieces needed for the assembly could be streamlined with more easily accessible parts, and has proposed these to be approved to enter mass production and for our artillery assemblies to use them.
Firearms Manufacturers
The small arms industry is in dire need of reform. In spite of the national emergency, independent contractors continue to waste money researching civilian firearms. A restriction on big game hunting later, and some manufacturers are beginning to focus on military arms.
Walkie Talkies
Usually military equipment has strong names. Walkie Talkie? How did that slip through the system? Our generals claim that this new untethered communication device will enable our troops to speak effectively when they're in the field. And we called it Walkie Talkie?
Industrial Contacts
Private enterprise has become an undeniable part of our military industry. It is time we draw up contracts and see what they can do to help us.
American Automobile Industry
Since the invention of the Automobile, it has been taken up with earnest by the people of America. While most of the factories for cars are in the north where the syndicalists are running things. However, Henry Ford has moved south, so we should encourage other companies to follow in his footsteps.
Focus on Fire Concentration
Force Concentration has been an invaluable tactic for every commander since the times of the Roman Legions. Given our nation's limited resources when fighting against the traitors of America, we should once again reconsider this strategy for our artillery, concentrating it on specific sectors to achieve breakthroughs for our infantry to take advantage of.
Tank Commission
It is imperative that we use the information from our battles to design better tanks. The enemy has shown a surprising speed in enlarging their sheer size to meet our armour upgrades.
Motorise the Men
Patton's plan require that our tank's breakthroughs are accompanied by waves of motorised infantry able to quickly flank the enemy positions and cut them off from reinforcements as our infantry cleans up the pockets.
Streamline Tank Production
Tanks are fairly complex machines to produce, and this has caused severe supply issues at the front, as every tank that is disabled or breaks down means weeks if not months of waiting for the tank crew to be back into action again. In order to solve this, we shall streamline tank production so that our crews may stay in combat, and have a replacement waiting in case anything goes wrong.
Focus on Swiftness
Modern Warfare has come a long way since the trenches that once plagued the Western Front. Fast advances with tanks followed by motorised units is now not a dream but a necessity of a successful fighting force and as such, our nation's army should be at the forefront of this development.
Draw a New War Plan White
While we have seized copies of the original draft of War Plan White, it is unfortunately useless for our purposes as it details how to supply and defend areas near Washington and the Midwest, not how to take back our nation from a southern stronghold. However, with the knowledge of this plan, and our capable commanders, we can draft a new version of it, one that accounts for our new 'circumstances'.
Focus on Command
Our enemies in the civil war can be described simply as disorganised and demoralised militias with occasional remnants of the former Army presenting any real resistance. If we wish to prevail against them, then we should make our own army be an example of strong organisation and cohesion.
Take the Fight Abroad
With our victory at home, we now have to prepare to take the fight to whatever shore we need to take, to whatever mountain we have to cross and against whatever foe we need to face.
Increase Military Spending
The Civil War devastated the American Civilian industry, but has made the Military Industry quite a profitable enterprise. While the Civil war may be over, America still has enemies to fight and wars to win, and as such keeping the Civil War military spending and expanding upon it is on our best interests.
Military Research
After so many decades of isolation and the devastation of the civil war, our nation lacks the capacity for military research and development of the other great powers of the world. Let us begin to remedy this unfortunate reality.
New Arms Factories
The main trouble with creating a military industry is that facilities under our control were already reduced from the Great Depression to reduce redundancies. We have had to expand facilities and repurpose old buildings in order to manufacture parts needed for heavy weapons in our territory.
War Bonds
Funding the war effort will require more than victory gardens and volunteer-ism. Liquid assets are in short supply, especially with our economic programs ongoing. We can capitalise on public trust and implement War Bonds as most other free nations do.
'This We'll Defend'
Our New Army has readopted the old motto used by our fore-fathers who took up arms to defend our great nation. Like them before our team, now it is time for us to fight for America in an ever changing world, be it at home or abroad.
Army Bonus Bill
Combat hardens boys into men and men into solid steel - unshakeable pillars of Americanism. Only a fool would leave veterans such as these by the wayside. By paying generous additional bonuses to combat veterans predicated on continued upstanding citizenry and especially involvement in our military research apparatus, perhaps we can at last truly harness their potential.
New Weapon Designs
The army is reporting that our infantry weapons are insufficient to deal with both close range automatic fire and long range sharpshooters. These gaps will take more lives if we are unable to fill the need as soon as possible.
Expand the Army Ranger Corps
Fort Benning, Georgia has been home to some of the most resourceful soldiers of the early stages of the civil war. Training Regiments to acclimatise soldiers into new environments will enable American soldiers to survive in the hostile world we find ourselves in.
Reverse War Plan White
Thanks to our generals, we have managed to obtain copies of War Plan White which would've been used against us. While we can't prevent the Army from reorganising their logistics, we can however predict their advances, reinforce weak points and come up with ways to deceive Washington now that they think they've got used sized up.
The Cavalry of Tomorrow
Patton has long been a cavalry officer and he has designs and plans to transform motorised and tanks into a modern form of Cavalry. Working closely with the government, the military, Henry Ford and other Industrialists, we can make this plan a reality.
Top-Notch Artillery
Lighter power, stronger hulls and new types of detonation equipment will enable our artillery to break any bunker. We must expedite their development if we are to break the enemy.
Coordinated Fire
Gone are the days of rhythmically timing artillery shots according to your orders. A better human motion system that times movement will enable us to coordinate fire at an schedule necessary.
Formation of an American Air Force
With the ongoing debate in the US Army spanning for nearly two decades continues still, the air corps officers that defected to our side have promised us great results if we separated the air branch from the army. With the Kingfish's blessing the patriotic United States Air Force shall be formed, and will have to decide its future plans.
Expand the Air Corps Tactical School
We are lucky enough that the American Army in the past relegated air officer training to the deep South, as we now possess access to the instalations and officers from the Air Corps Tactical School in Maxwell Field, Alabama. However, in order to surpass the School set up in Langley Field in Virginia, we will need to expand on our instalations.
Fighter Development
American fighter projects were halted during the 1920s due to a lack of funding from the government, leading to a disadvantage in fighter development. We must close this gap by funding design contests among different companies with the prize being obtaining a very profitable production contract for the plane that may outperform our enemy's.
LeMay Reform Plan
Curtiss LeMay has managed to reach the higher echelons of command recently, due to a mix of nepotism and skill, and has proposed a bold plan of reform. Since the Air Force isn't meant to complement the army, he has proposed that the air force should strike at the heart of our enemies and cripple their industries of war. While his theoretical approach is sound, the final decision rests with the government.
Airfield Expansion
There are thousands of acres of flat land across our nation, just waiting to be covered with tarmac and freshly produced, state-of-the-art planes. Let's not keep them waiting a moment longer!
Naval Bomber Development
With the shortcomings of our navy for protecting our shores, the air force has the duty to also protect the shores of our nation for whatever cost against any enemy who dare set foot in our homeland. As such, we will seek to complement the Navy's patrols with naval bombers scouting and intercepting any vessels whenever our fleet is too spread out or too far away to do so.
Weyland Reform Plan
Otto P. Weyland has managed to reach the higher echelons of command recently, due to a mix of both nepotism and skill, and has proposed a reform plan which is clearly welcomed by the army leadership. In his view, the Air Force's role in war should be to support the army's advances via close air support. While his theoretical approach is sound, the final decision rests with the government
Bomber Development
Bombers, although a terror to behold, will enable us to project our power overseas. Our secret project also hinges on effective and safe bombers to deliver their secret payload.
R.A.D.A.R. Development
RADAR, the top-secret technology to detect air movement will allow our sky watchers to rest easy at night.
'Screaming Eagles' Program
With the ever growing presence of our air force and ever growing needs of the battlefield, a question has arisen between our army and air force officers: Could it be possible to combine the two to transport troops behind the battlefield in a manner that may change the face of the battle? In order to prove or disprove this theory, an experiment shall be undertaken.
Rule the Skies
Off we go, into the wild blue yonder, flying high into the sky. Our Air Force shall be the world's most advanced, and nowhere will be out of our reach.
Close Air Support Model Development
The Army's request for more ground support while traversing the trenches our enemies have erected. As an equal partner the Air Force approves this request.
Air-to-Ground Combat Coordination Exercises
In order to come out into the battlefield with an effective CAS air force, we first need to practise the basics of this relatively new concept of warfare.
Flexible Bomber Development
Since our air force has the task of supporting the army, the bombers of our force will have to adapt to a variety of roles, both as close air support as well as disrupting enemy supplies and communications in the rear during a battle and we should encourage the development of planes that may fulfil these roles.
Combined Arms Offensive
While our air officers stand at the ready, an issue has arisen once more that impedes the progress of our force: Army officers don't exactly know how to exploit our air power to its fullest potential. As such, we shall have to teach them to coordinate both their infantry and mechanised vehicles with our planes in order to create unstoppable offensives.
Strategic Bomber Development
With the objective of our air force clear, we can focus on making bombers for the specific task of obliterating our enemy's industry.
Cult of Aviation
Ever since the first flight of the Wright Flyer in Kitty Hawk, Americans have been fascinated with aircraft. We should exploit this fascination and turn our air force into a source of pride for our nation.
Long Range Interceptors
While fighters can secure the skies above the battlefields, the battle at the enemy's doorstep is usually too far away for them to step in to protect our bomber wings from the enemy fighters. To counter this, we have managed to create and improve heavier designs with longer to have bigger agility to stand a chance in air-to-air combat, and further investment in this area may yield great benefits.
American Navy
Only a few ships, and even fewer sailors, remained loyal to the American people. We need to take stock of our maritime situation.
Great White Fleet
The Great White Fleet was the height to American naval power. We should look back at it for inspiration. A great fleet of battleships and dreadnoughts will ensure we always have naval superiority.
Protect American Trade
Trade is the lifeblood of America. We should focus our naval doctrine on making sure that it is protected from enemy raids.
Carrier Fleet Project
Carriers are the wave of the future. We should invest in their research and construction to better project naval power.
Battleship Research
Battleships are the king of the high seas. We should start research into new models with bigger guns and better air protection.
Battlecruiser Research
Battlecruisers present a middle balance between heavy battleships and faster cruisers. We should ensure we have some in our navy.
The Coast Guard
Restoring the Coast Guard will ensure that trade moves smoothly, criminals are stopped at sea, and those in danger are rescued.
Light Cruiser Development
Lighter cruisers are important in anti-air operations, as well as attacking enemy destroyers and submarines. We should ensure our navy has a handful of these in order to stay balanced.
Naval Aviation
Naval aviation is the future of warfare on the high seas. We should ensure that our air designs are capable of being launched from carriers and destroying the enemy fleet without even endangering our own.
Expand Dockyards
Our dockyards are somewhat inadequate to fight a war on their own. We need to ensure that new naval production facilities are constructed to support the war effort.
Submarine Development
Submarines allow us to wreak havoc on enemy shipping and heavy ships. We should ensure that our designs stay up to date against enemy destroyers and anti-submarine tactics.
Liberty Ships
Our shipyards, previously dedicated to commercial shipping, can easily be converted to produce massive numbers of convoys to supply our allies around the world.
Maritime Industry
Our maritime tradition remains strong. We can leverage the commercial shipping industry to help our struggling democracy to survive.
New Admirals
Many admirals deserted to the traitors to the east. We should train a new generation of naval leaders to ensure our continued maritime dominance.
Create the WAVES
Women can serve many auxiliary roles in the navy, freeing up men for combat duty. While this might be socially controversial, it will significantly help the war effort.
Expand Marine Corps
The Marine Corps was the epitome of American power projection around the globe. From the shores of Tripoli to the halls of Montezuma, the Marines were always there. We should ensure they have modern equipment and training.
Naval Training
While the Naval Academy in Annapolis was destroyed in the fighting of the Civil War, we still have plenty of facilities able to train a new generation of naval leaders and sailors.
Expand the Marine Corps
We need to enlarge the Marine Corps, and ensure that they are able to project our power around the globe.
Semper Fi
Semper Fidelis means 'always loyal'. The Marine Corps will always be a bastion of American liberty and democracy, and help spread these freedoms around the world.
America Rules the Waves
Following our extensive investments into naval research and construction, we have regained our place as one of the world's leading naval powers. Anchors away!
§YThe government's ability to cover up the plot will improve§!
Martin Dies Jr.
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 5th, 1900, in Colorado City, Texas, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA Texas Representative with experience in prosecution, Dies Jr. has earned the trust of millions of Americans as a rational guardian to the American people. He has influenced public perception of syndicalism, Hollywood, German monarchists and immigrants overall as outsider forces with ill intentions for America.§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 5th, 1900, in Colorado City, Texas, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA second generation congressman and conservative southern democrat, Martin Dies Jr. made a name for himself as a district judge and son of congressman Martin Dies Sr. of Texas' second district, a seat he would later take for himself. In congress he was known for his railing against perceived syndicalist influence in Hollywood and his anti-German and anti-immigrant rhetoric. All of this has done much to influence America's public perception on this topic and incensed his conservative base against so called \
George Van Horn Moseley
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 28th, 1874, in Evanston, Illinois, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LForty years of service for the United States Army from a cavalry lieutenant in the Philippines to a Commissioned Officer in Washington has created a strong portfolio for Moseley. Experiences serving alongside generals like George Patton and General MacArthur influenced his eventual decision to support Huey Long and his adamant belief in Jewish conspiracy. Ultimately his belief in the dangers of any form of socialism made him the perfect spokesman of the War Powers Committee. Without Moseley would be impossible for the War Powers Committee to succeed Huey Long in the disappearance that Moseley was complicit in, so say the rumours.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 28th, 1874, in Evanston, Illinois, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGeorge Van Horn Moseley graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1899 as a cavalry second lieutenant. He would serve in the Spanish-American-War commanding the 9th Cavalry Regiment where he even managed to achieve a major breakthrough against Ludovico Arejola, prompting a promotion to first lieutenant and a transfer to the 1st Cavalry Regiment. There he'd serve as Aide-de-Camp for Brigadier General J.M. Bell and J.M. Lee for the remainder of the campaign, fulfilling several staff roles in the rear. He'd be transferred back to the US in 1904, and would serve as a staff member of the Texas Headquarters, until being promoted to Captain in 1906. He'd continue to fill a variety of staff roles while at the same time attending the Army Staff College and the Army War College, of which he graduated in 1909 and 1911 respectively. He took part in Pershing's punitive expedition, providing logistical support to Pershing, and earning him the promotion to major. After commanding the Second Field Artillery Brigade, he was detailed as assistant to General Dawes in organising the Bureau of the Budget in 1921, after which he was promoted to Brigadier General for his remarkable performance. He'd become Executive Assistant to the Assistant Secretary of War and was put in charge of the Industrial Preparedness sector, which got him his promotion to Major General. In 1934 he had a major falling out with General MacArthur, and with the country's collapse into civil war, Moseley's first course of action was to leave the Federal Army and join the rebel People's Government in the south, where his experience and the lack of capable staff granted him an immediate promotion to Field marshal by Huey Long.§!\n\n§YNotes: Has displayed strong anti-immigrant and anti-semitic views both publicly and privately. Along with Charles Lindbergh, Moseley has been seen in frequent meetings with important businessmen from outside the military sphere, and his loyalty to Huey Long is proving to be dubious at best.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 28th, 1874, in Evanston, Illinois, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGeorge Van Horn Moseley graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1899 as a cavalry second lieutenant. He would serve in the Spanish-American War commanding the 9th Cavalry Regiment where he even managed to achieve a major breakthrough against Ludovico Arejola, prompting a promotion to first lieutenant and a transfer to the 1st Cavalry Regiment. There he'd serve as Aide-de-Camp for Brigadier General J.M. Bell and J.M. Lee for the remainder of the campaign, fulfilling several staff roles in the rear. He'd be transferred back to the US in 1904, and would serve as a staff member of the Texas Headquarters, until being promoted to Captain in 1906. He'd continue to fill a variety of staff roles while at the same time attending the Army Staff College and the Army War College, of which he graduated in 1909 and 1911 respectively. He took part in Pershing's punitive expedition, providing logistical support to Pershing, and earning him the promotion to major. After commanding the Second Field Artillery Brigade, he was detailed as assistant to General Dawes in organising the Bureau of the Budget in 1921, after which he was promoted to Brigadier General for his remarkable performance. He'd become Executive Assistant to the Assistant Secretary of War and was put in charge of the Industrial Preparedness sector, which got him his promotion to Major General. In 1934 he had a major falling out with General MacArthur that still causes tensions between the two until now.§!\n\n§YNotes: Has displayed strong anti-immigrant and anti-semitic views both publicly and privately.§!
Charles Augustus Lindbergh
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 4th, 1904, in Detroit, Michigan, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCharles Lindbergh, or Lindy, was once the most famous pilot in America. Lindbergh's fame grew well into the 1920s in service of the US Air Mail Service. This coupled with a knack for improving planes that eventually grew into a business made Lindbergh even more famous. Lindbergh's association with the right starting in 1932, and escalated until he made contact with the War Power Committee. Eventually picked out of the Committee to be their next leader, Lindbergh intends to continue Moseley's racialist positions and to encourage industrial innovations through example.§!
Huey Pierce Long
Like many people of his stature and personality, Governor Huey Pierce Long is known by many names, although the most common one is \
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 30th, 1893, in Winnfield, Louisiana, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$APG_huey_long_desc_body$, it grew far out of Louisiana.\n\nHaving won the presidency, Long now has to navigate an extremely divided capital in order to implement his agenda and achieve his dream of truly making every man a king.§!
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 30th, 1893, in Winnfield, Louisiana, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$APG_huey_long_desc_body$, it grew far out of Louisiana, and today, as the United States stand divided, they have all been put to action as a major force in the Second American Civil War.\n\nThe legal scene and the political soapbox are Long's natural waters, not army planning committees and military parades, and unlike the syndicalists, this was not what he planned from the start - but now that all bets are off, may all enemies of the Kingfish tremble.§!
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 30th, 1893, in Winnfield, Louisiana, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$APG_huey_long_desc_body$, it grew far out of Louisiana, and, as the United States stood divided, they were all put to action as a major force in the Second American Civil War.\n\nNow, having emerged as the victor from the bloodiest conflict in American history, President Long will have to rebuild the nation and ensure that his vision is not corrupted.§!
Earl Kemp Long
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 26th, 1895, in Winnfield, Louisiana, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$APG_earl_kemp_long_desc_start$ As the pre-determined successor to Huey Long years before his death, Earl displays the same reformist agenda, but with a more socially conservative and indulgent touch. It is under Earl Long that Huey Long's eduction and welfare reforms were really put into practice during those tense years. Whispers of Earl's racist remarks and of mental instability are covered up by the ruling Democrats.§!
Once denied the Lieutenant Governor's post by his brother Huey in 1932, Earl Long has long lived in his brother's shadow. Earl was known in Congress for his progressive policies, but also for supporting the administration's authority over state government.
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 26th, 1895, in Winnfield, Louisiana, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$APG_earl_kemp_long_desc_start$§!
Union Congress
Charles Edward Coughlin
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 25th, 1891, in Hamilton, Ontario, Dominion of Canada§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCharles Coughlin was born in Ontario to a devoutly Catholic family. After years of preparation to serve as a priest for the Congregation of St. Basil, changes in the Holy Order prompted him to emigrate to America. Coughlin was assigned to the Shrine of the Little Flower church in Michigan. There Coughlin became politically active, attacking the Ku Klux Klan, labour unions, socialists, religious minorities and prohibitionists. Huey Long, seeing a potential motivator for Catholic voters, recruited Coughlin to help run his Presidential campaign.§!
Lawrence Dennis
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1893, in Atlanta, Georgia, United States of America§!
Henry Ford
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 30th, 1863, in Springwells Township, Michigan, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHenry Ford is the celebrated founder of the Ford Motor Company. Ford has successfully implemented scientific management in his numerous factories across America. Opposition to the labour movement, antisemitism, and the possibility of having to fight Germany, motivated Henry Ford to make an alliance with Huey Long. Their differences remain, however, and Ford does not intend to pay anything into \
Archibald Bulloch Roosevelt
§YBorn:§! §LApril 9th, 1894, in Washington, D.C., United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LArchibald Roosevelt is the brother of prominent politician Quentin Roosevelt, and the son of President Theodore Roosevelt. Roosevelt's reputation allowed him to become an executive at Sinclair Oil, and made friends with political conservatives. Roosevelt founded the National Economy League, a pro-austerity lobbying group that aligned with Huey Long in 1936.§!
Fred Chase Koch
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1900, in Quanah, Texas, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFred Koch has deep connections to the Texas oil industry, as chief engineer to several multinational oil corporations. Koch was paid to build oil drills for the Union of Britain, where he became galvanised against syndicalism. Koch's anti-syndicalism caused him to ally with Huey Long, under the condition that he be exempt from paying into welfare.§!
Hugo Lafayette Black
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 27th, 1886, in Harlan, Alabama, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHugo Black's career in practising law has been fraught with controversy. He was given a lifetime membership in the Ku Klux Klan while serving in Alabama. His later success in electoral politics was smoothed over by this membership, in spite of his own objections to segregation. Black publicly denounced the Klan when he was asked if his endorsement of Huey Long meant the KKK supported him as well.§!
Francis Everett Townsend
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 13th, 1867, in Fairbury, Illinois, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrancis Townsend is a tireless crusader for a social security system. In California, hundreds of thousands of people joined his Old Age Pension plan, which he failed to get the state to fund. Seeing no other way to achieve this goal, Townsend allied with Huey Long and his \
Elizabeth Eloise Kirkpatrick Dilling
§YBorn:§! §LApril 19th, 1894, in Chicago, Illinois, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LElizabeth Dilling began her political career by visiting Britain and France. Dilling was profoundly disturbed by the countries, and dedicated her career to encouraging war between the US and Third Internationale. This included speaking before Congress on a list of 1,200 suspected syndicalists, mostly immigrants, she believed were selling information to the Third Internationale.§!
Hamilton Stuyvesant Fish
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 7th, 1888, in Garrison, New York, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAs a descendant of the illustrious Fish family, whose kin include Revolutionary War generals and presidential cabinet members, Hamilton Fish III was packaged with pedigree. With little force, Hamilton Fish manoeuvred into a spot in Congress much like his father did. Hamilton's early political career was to enforce the idea of manifest destiny within the Republican Party, primarily as a support to former president Theodore Roosevelt's Bull Moose party. The politics of isolation propelled Fish into greater prominence, and away from his progressive roots. When Congress debated whether to demand the full repayment of Canadian war debt, Fish was the strongest advocate. This position was ultimately unpopular with Republicans, but a Louisiana senator named Huey long defended him. Fish concurred by blaming the syndicalists for the ensuing government catastrophe. Long would go so far as to shelter Hamilton Fish from the anti-progressive marauders that threatened his home when the People's Government won the war. Now, the government has called upon Fish to represent dissident Republicans that defected to the new regime, a task that Hamilton is proud to do.§!
Robert Rice Reynolds
§YBorn:§! §LJune 18th, 1884, in Asheville, North Carolina, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRobert R. Reynolds is the great-grandson of the Revolutionary War hero Daniel Smith, whose bravery against the British was rewarded with a congressional seat. Robert is instead a career lawyer, who entered the political fray with a surprisingly successful campaign for the Senate. It is said that Reynold's victory lay with his merciless red-baiting. Accusing his opponents of being syndicalists and anarchists bent on American destruction. Reynolds used his congressional seat to advocate for a punitive measures against Western Europe. Including the opposition to refugees from syndicalist nations. Reynolds lost his seat after he spoke out against the British government in Canada, using language that was deemed conspiratorial. Huey Long, however, supported Reynolds during the war and allowed him to publish in Huey's American Progress newspaper.§!
Jacob Thorkelson
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1876, in Egersund, Rogaland, United Kingdoms of Sweden and Norway§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJacob Thorkelson comes out of a unique confluence of Montana politics. As a Republican, Thorkelson's early career was in support of women's suffrage, including the powerful Montana feminist Jeanette Rankin. Thorkelson along with Rankin turned the new voters of Montana towards isolationism, claiming that the European conflict was unworthy of American lives. Thorkelson stuck to his isolationist rhetoric over the ensuing years, adding to it antisemtism and a feud with the Minnesota Farmer-Labor party. Thorkelson lost re-election to the pro-Labor Jerry J. O'Connell, but he returned to political life with the declaration of the People's Government.§!
Burton Kendall Wheeler
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 27th, 1882, in Hudson, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBurton K. Wheeler's career in politics had been as the underdog for decades. From his early years, Wheeler made a name for himself defending labour unions against the Federal Government. Combined with an early streak of progressivism made Wheeler a rare success as a Montana democrat. Wheeler's victory was an important step for representation in Montana, as his deputies included an African-American and a Native American. Wheeler's force within the Democratic party began to shift from progressive to isolationist with his support for immigration restrictions. Wheeler failed in his bid to further immigration laws, and was generally regarded as an antisemtie. The final straw for Wheeler was the expulsion of Huey Long. Wheeler lent Huey his network of allies in 1930, which would form the base of the Share Our Wealth movement shortly after.§!
John Llewellyn Lewis
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 12th, 1880, in Cleveland, Iowa, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of Welsh immigrants, John Lewis grew up in a company town dominated by the coal industry. At the age of 17 he went to work as a minister, becoming more and more embroiled in his hometown's local politics and the nationwide labour movement. In 1907 he made a failed attempt to run for mayor, and later became a full-time union advocate who travelled across the Steel Belt. Although his United Mine Workers were once the most powerful mining union in the country, a number of setbacks in the 1920s led to them falling behind the radical Industrial Workers of the World in the industry. Though he advocated for the American Federation of Labor to adopt industrial unionism, he was unwilling to accept the radicalism of the splinter Congress of Industrial Organizations, and as such remained with the AFL. His consistent opposition to socialism placed him in the orbit of Huey Long, who, rather humbly praised Lewis as the \
Gerald Lyman Kenneth Smith
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 27th, 1898, in Pardeeville, Wisconsin, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFor decades thought to be a follower more than a leader, Gerald Smith has come onto his own after joining the Silver Legion in 1937 while on the evangelical circuit. An ordained Minister in his early life, Smith first came under the influence of Huey Long's Share Our Wealth society. His endorsement of both Share Our Wealth and Christian identity groups allows him access to different communities within the populist movement.§!
Frank Byron Rowlett
§YBorn:§! §LMay 2nd, 1908, in Rose Hill, Lee County, Virginia, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrank Byron Rowlett had always been obsessed with codes and cryptography. A promising education in mathematics at Emory College enabled the professional cryptographer William f. Friedman to scout him. Friedman hired Rowlett to work in the newly-created Signals Intelligence Service for the U.S. Army. A study of computing machines has allowed Rowlett to construct sophistcated encryption equipment that is constantly tested against methodology used abroad.§!
George Smith Patton Jr.
George Smith Patton Jr., a fan of military history books from an early age, joined the Virginia Military Institute in 1903. In his second year, he was nominated for West Point, and while he performed excellently in the drill procedures at West Point, his academic performance was so bad that he was forced to repeat his first year. Despite all setbacks, he graduated as a cavalry second lieutenant in 1909 and was assigned with the 15th Cavalry Regiment. In 1912, his athletic skills made him the army's choice to represent the United States for the first modern Pentathlon in the Stockholm Olympic games, ranking fifth out of forty two participants. With the launching of the punitive expedition, Patton became Pershing's Aide-de-Camp during the largely unsuccessful expedition, but this strengthened ties between them and Patton became an almost permanent member of his staff and was promoted to Captain soon enough. He was promoted to Major on June 31st, 1920 and began taking an interest in the Weltkrieg's use of mechanised warfare. In 1923 he'd graduate from the Cavalry's Field Officer's Course, from the Command and General Staff College in 1924 and the Army War College in 1932. In the past few years, Patton has had major falling outs with MacArthur, now vocally and constantly opposing his colleague.
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 11th, 1885, in San Gabriel, California, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$APG_george_smith_patton_desc_body$, and he decided to leave to the People's Government after his former CO, Fox Conner, convinced him that it was the true American government, and that the Federal Government was bound to fail if decisive action wasn't taken. With his reputation preceding him, Huey Long decided to grant him the rank of brigadier general, a role which Patton claims to be more than prepared to fulfil.§!\n\n§YNotes: While publicly his loyalty remains unquestioned, his former friendship with Dwight Eisenhower makes many members of the staff distrustful of Patton. Has displayed strong racist views in public.§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 11th, 1885, in San Gabriel, California, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$APG_george_smith_patton_desc_body$. While his friend Eisenhower tends to mediate between the two, Patton has been forced by the general staff to remain as a lieutenant colonel despite having all the traits and qualifications of a brigadier general.§!\n\n§YNotes: Has displayed strong racist views in public.§!
Fox Conner
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 2nd, 1874, in Slate Springs, Mississippi, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of Confederate Soldier Robert Conner, Fox Conner joined West Point via congressional appointment in 1894 and graduated as Second Lieutenant in 1898, excelling in history, mathematics, horsemanship and French. Despite being a Cavalry enthusiast, he was assigned to the 1st Artillery Regiment, and he was denied several requests for transfer into the Cavalry branch. He was sent to Cuba in 1899, where he served with the occupation force following the Spanish-American War and met his future wife, Virginia Brandreth. He reached the rank of Captain in 1901, after which he was transferred to the 123rd Coast Artillery Company in Fort Hamilton, New York. He continued on his post until entering the Army Staff College in 1905 and the Army War College in 1907, from which he graduated in 1911. He was then sent abroad as a military attaché to the French 22nd Field Artillery Regiment. After returning to the US, he was assigned to the Artillery Batteries near the Mexican Border, where he was promoted to Major and assigned to the Inspector General's office in Washington, D.C... He remained in his post for the next few years, where his ability in French allowed him to translate many of the French reports on the battles of the Weltkrieg, earning him a promotion to Colonel in 1918 and later Brigadier General in 1920, and allowing him to meet the up-and-coming George C. Marshall in the War Department. He was then transferred to Fort Meade, where he was introduced to George S. Patton, quickly becoming friends and through which he was introduced to Eisenhower, both of which quickly became friends and seeming pupils of Conner. This would lead him to choose Eisenhower to follow him to Panama after being assigned to its garrison, and despite their disagreements on motorised divisions and the usage of tanks in modern war. He was promoted to Major General in 1925 and was proposed by Pershing for Chief of Staff in 1930, although he was ultimately passed on in favour of Douglas MacArthur. He has since then being assigned to the First Army, and he is known to maintain regular correspondence with Marshall, Patton and Eisenhower still.§!\n\n§YNotes: Soon to retire from the Army.§!
Robert Melville Danford
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 7th, 1879, in New Boston, Illinois, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of a Union Army veteran and homesteader, Robert initially pursued a career in accounting before following his father's footsteps and joining United States Armed forces in 1900. He studied at the United States Military Academy, graduating in 1904 and joining the Field Artillery and serving in the Philippines. During his time serving he became renowned for his sociability and expertise at political manoeuvring, as well as his keen interest in both the development of artillery as well as horse breeding. In 1912 he was assigned to the Mexican Border and saw combat in the various border skirmishes with generals Pasqual Orozco and Pancho Villa. By the time of the Weltkrieg, Robert had become renowned for his expertise and was assigned as an Assistant Professor of Military Science at Yale, co-authoring the manual \
Robert Elkington Wood
§YBorn:§! §LJune 13th, 1879, in Kansas City, Missouri, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRobert E. Wood enrolled in West Point in 1895, graduating as a cavalry lieutenant in 1900. As a turn of the century American army officer, he got to experience the vast reaches of American foreign adventures, fighting a counter-insurgency war in the Philippines and protecting the Panama Canal Zone during construction. In his first stint in military service, he gravitated towards logistical roles, becoming Assistant Chief Quartermaster and later the Chief Quartermaster and Director of the Panama Railroad Company. He also spend time stateside as an instructor at West Point.\n\nThe organisational skills he developed in the military served him well in his civilian career. After leaving the army with the rank of major in 1915 found executive positions in E.I. du Pont de Nemours Company, General Asphalt Company, and Montgomery Ward. By 1924, he was Vice-President of Sears Roebuck, serving for nearly a decade until the start of the civil war. Under his leadership, Sears shifted tracks, moving away from mail-order sales to retail at large department stores. He also oversaw the creation of Allstate Insurance as a subsidiary.\n\nHis status as a leading captain of industry has allowed him to segue into politics, becoming a leading supporter of right-wing causes. As public order began to break down, he naturally cast his lot with the Baton Rouge government, putting his military expertise to good use in its new army.§!\n\n§YNotes: Previously a conservative Republican, a prominent isolationist, and a major business executive, Wood is known to be affiliated with establishment interests.§!
Joseph Lawton Collins
§YBorn:§! §LMay 1st, 1896, in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoseph Lawton 'Lightning Joe' Collins began his military career in 1913 when he joined West Point thanks to an alternate appointment his uncle Martin Behrman, the mayor of New Orleans at the time, managed to get him at the age of 17 and graduated as an infantry second lieutenant in 1917. He'd stay as a teacher in West Point and marry Gladys Easterbrook in his time at the academy. In 1921, he began teaching Chemistry in West Point as well and in 1926, he graduated from the company officer course at the Infantry School in Fort Benning. A year later, he'd undergo and successfully complete an advanced course at the Field Artillery School at Fort Sill. After that, Collins taught weapons and tactics at the Infantry School from 1927 to 1932 where he requested a transfer to the Philippine Division from 1933 to 1934 and became a major. In 1935 and 1936, he graduated from Army Industrial College and the Army War College reaching the rank of lieutenant colonel. With the outbreak of the Civil War, Collins aligned with Patton within the army, and both chose to leave southwards to join Huey Long's forces. When Patton was nominated as Field marshal by Huey Long himself, Patton requested the promotion of Collins to Brigadier General which was granted by the Southern Demagogue.§!\n\n§YNotes: An extremely talented yet aggressive commanding officer, his skills shine the most when leading an attack on the enemy rather than playing on the defence.§!
Courtney Hicks Hodges
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 5th, 1887, in Houston County, Georgia, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCourtney Hicks Hodges began his military career when he joined West Point in 1904, but was forced to drop out a year later due to his extremely poor academic performance. Undeterred, he enlisted in the army in 1906 as a private, where he quickly rose to the rank of sergeant in 1907 and earned a commission as a second lieutenant in 1909. He joined Pershing during the Punitive Expedition, where he met George S. Patton and George Marshall, and would remain in the Mexican border for the rest of the late 1910s, facing off several small skirmisher groups with the 6th Infantry Regiment. After being promoted to Major for his service at the border, he attended the Command and General Staff College, graduating in 1925 and becoming a member of the Infantry Board at Fort Benning. In 1934, graduated from the Army War College, earning him his promotion to lieutenant colonel. With Patton and Marshall vocally opposing MacArthur, Hodges was forced to choose between either one of his friends in case the situation deteriorated. He chose the former, as Patton managed to sway Hodges into joining him in the People's Government armed forces, where the now Field Marshal Patton has offered his friend Hodges an early promotion to Brigadier General.§!
William Hood Simpson
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1888, in Weatherford, Texas, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIn June 1905, a month after turning 17, he entered the United States Military Academy at West Point, and graduated four years later in June 1909, being commissioned as a second lieutenant into the Infantry Branch. Simpson's first assignment was with the 6th Infantry Regiment at Fort Lincoln, North Dakota. Soon afterwards, the regiment was sent overseas to Mindanao, in the Philippines, in January 1910 and remained there for another two-and-a-half years, where Simpson participated in the suppression of the Moro Rebellion. He returned to the United States with his regiment in 1912 and, being stationed at Fort Bliss, remained there as a company commander until, now promoted to first lieutenant, he fought in Pershing's Punitive Expedition in 1916. In February 1917 he became aide-de-camp to Major General George Bell, Jr., who commanded the El Paso Military District. Since 1919, Simpson has filled several staff appointments and attended military schools and courses and would be promoted in early 1921 to Captain. Simpson served with the General Staff until 1932 where he began teaching military science and tactics at Pomona College until 1936, being promoted to lieutenant colonel in 1934. As the country spiralled out of control, Simpson became more and more aligned with Huey Long's vision of America as time passed, and when Huey finally proclaimed the $APG_ACW$, Simpson presented his services to what he sees as the true American government. For his loyalty, Simpson was turned into a brigadier general.§!
Claire Lee Chennault
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1890, in Commerce, Texas, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LClaire Lee 'Old Leatherface' Chennault began his military career when he joined the Reserve Officers' Training Corps while he attended the Louisiana State University. He graduated from the Officers' School at Fort Benjamin Harrison in Indiana in 1917, and was transferred to the Aviation Division of the Army Signal Corps soon after. He earned his wings in 1919 and remained in service after the air branch was turned into the Air Corps. In 1931, he became Chief of Pursuit Section at Air Corps Tactical School, and would take charge of the 1st Pursuit Group of Alabama's Aerobatic Team, becoming a regional celebrity of his aerial feats. As 1937 loomed over, Chennault was considering resignation as the staff in Washington refused to promote him beyond Captain, considering him unfit for duty due to his declining health. When the American Civil War began, Chennault sided with the former Governor of Louisiana, giving Huey a small hike in recruitment as passionate observers of Chennault's performances filled the recruiting booths, and in exchange, Huey granted Chennault the honorary rank of Brigadier General for his service to the $APG_ACW$.§!\n\n§YNotes: His health has been slowly deteriorating, with deafness and chronic bronchitis being the main issues Chennault will have to face sooner or later.§!
Walton Harris Walker
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 3rd, 1889, in Belton, Texas, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWalton Harris Walker began his military career when he joined the Virginia Military Institute in 1907 and entered the United States Military Academy in 1908, graduating in 1912 as an infantry second lieutenant. He'd be posted mostly in garrison duties throughout Texas, where the only exceptions were when he took part in the Veracruz Expedition, and taking part in the border patrols along the Mexican border, where he befriended Dwight Eisenhower. After 1920, Walker served as an instructor at Fort Benning, Georgia and underwent further tactical training by the Army, attending the Command and General Staff School in 1925 and graduating in 1926 as a lieutenant colonel. He'd be moved to the American Legation in Tianjin in 1930, and would return to America in 1933 to sign up for the Army War College, where he graduated in mid-1936. As the situation in the country deteriorated, Walker started to side with Patton during the staff meetings, deeply criticising MacArthur for his inaction against socialists. When Huey Long finally declared the $APG_ACW$, Walker decided to join his colleague Patton in the south, who granted him the rank of Brigadier General.§!
Matthew Bunker Ridgway
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 3rd, 1895, in Fort Monroe, Virginia, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMatthew Bunker 'Old Iron Tits' Ridgway began his military career in 1913 when he successfully passed the entrance exam to West Point after failing the year prior. He graduated from the academy in 1917 as an infantry second lieutenant. Ridgway was first assigned to patrol duty in the Mexican border with the 3rd Infantry Regiment, where he reached the rank of Captain and would return to West Point in 1920 as a Spanish teacher. In 1925, Ridgway graduated from the United States Army Infantry School, after which he was sent to the American Legation in Tianjin and later sent to Nicaragua, where he was one of the American COs trying to supervise the 1927 elections. In 1930, he'd be transferred to the Philippines, where he became an advisor to the Governor-General of the islands and would return to America in 1933 as a Major. He'd graduate from the Army Command and General Staff School in 1935 and was attending the Army War College in Pennsylvania before the Civil War broke out. With the ever increasing radicalisation, he found himself being harassed several times by 'workers' militias' and slowly began losing faith in the Federal Government. When Huey Long finally proclaimed the $APG_ACW$, Ridgway decided it was best to leave for the People's Government if that was necessary to save America from anarchy, where he was promoted to Brigadier General.§!
Bruce Cooper Clarke
§YBorn:§! §LApril 29th, 1901, in Adams, New York, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBruce Cooper Clarke joined the National Guard in 1918, where he earned an appointment to the United States Military Academy in 1920. He graduated from West Point in 1925 as a second lieutenant of the engineer corps, and in the same year, he'd earn his civil engineering degree and a bachelor of laws degree, serving mostly on staff roles until he was promoted to Colonel in 1935. He had became one of Patton's trusted officers after the major splits within the American Army, and when Patton joined the $APG_ACW$, Clarke decided to follow him and for his loyalty he was awarded the rank of Brigadier General by Patton.§!
Henry Irving Hodes
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 19th, 1899, in Washington, D.C., United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHenry Irving Hodes began his military career when he joined the United States Military Academy, from where he graduated as a cavalry second lieutenant in 1920. After fulfilling a series of staff roles, mainly in Wyoming and Texas, he found himself strongly advocating for the mechanisation of the American Army along with Patton, which due to the army budget cuts, it became nothing more than a pipe dream for them. As Patton began to slowly drift away from the US Army staff, Hodes strengthened his ties with the 'Old Blood and Guts', and when Patton finally announced he was joining the People's Government, Hodes accompanied him and was promoted to Brigadier General.§!
Clifton Bledsoe Cates
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 31st, 1893, in Tiptonville, Tennessee, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LClifton Bledsoe 'Lucky' Cates began his military career after graduating from the Missouri Military Academy in 1910 as a second lieutenant for the Marine Corps Reserves. His excellent performance in drills and his qualifications caught the attention of the then Brigadier General George Barnett, who took Cates as his aide-de-camp. Cates would serve with Barnett until 1923, where Cates, who was now a Captain, was assigned to command the Marine detachment on the USS Arizona. In 1928, he was transferred to the to the 4th Marine Regiment in San Diego which would be transferred to guard the American Legation in Shanghai. He returned to America in 1932, where he signed up for the Army Industrial College and the Senior Officer Course of the Marine Corps, graduating in 1935 and reaching the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. He'd return to Shanghai in 1936, but would take his leave in late March 1937. As the country spiralled into Civil War, Cates was visiting his family in Tennessee. Seeing the chaos in his hometown, which had been ravaged by a fire when he was young, Cates decided to join the $APG_ACW$ and convinced his colleague Lewis Puller to join him, becoming a Brigadier General for the rebel Marine Corps, and along with 'Chesty' Puller, one of the most important Marine commanders of the $APG_ACW$.§!
Lewis Burwell Puller
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1898, in West Point, Virginia, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLewis Burwell 
Pedro del Valle
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 28th, 1893, in San Juan, Captaincy General of Puerto Rico§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPedro Augusto del Valle began his military career after receiving an appointment to attend Annapolis by the appointed governor of Puerto Rico at the time, George Radcliffe Colton. He graduated in 1915 and was commissioned as a Marine Corps Second Lieutenant. After finishing a course of instruction at the Marine Officers' School, Norfolk, Virginia, he went on foreign shore duty with the First Provisional Marine Brigade in the Republic of Haiti. In May, 1916, he landed from the USS Prairie and participated in the capture of Santo Domingo City and the subsequent campaign in the Republic of Santo Domingo. A tour of sea duty followed as Commanding Officer of the Marine Detachment aboard the USS Texas, serving with the British Grand Fleet under Admiral Beatty. After witnessing the Second Battle of Jutland, he was detached to the Marine Barracks, Quantico, Virginia. After another tour of sea duty, on this occasion aboard the USS Wyoming, he was assigned as Aide-de-Camp to Major General J. H. Pendleton and accompanied the General in an inspection tour of the West Indies. In 1924, he went to Headquarters Marine Corps, Washington, D.C. While stationed there he was Marine Corps representative on the Federal Traffic Board. In 1926 he was ordered to foreign shore duty with the Gendarmerie d' Haiti for three years and upon his return to the States in 1928, attended the Field Officers' Course at the Marine Corps Schools, Quantico, Virginia. Upon graduation, he became an instructor which position he left twice on temporary duty with the unsuccessful U.S. Electoral Mission in Nicaragua. After a tour of sea duty as Squadron Marine Officer aboard the USS Richmond, he was ordered to Headquarters Marine Corp. He later became an Assistant Naval Attaché in Europe, until being recalled shortly before the civil war broke out and defecting to the $APG_ACW$ for political reasons.§!\n\n§YNotes: Has displayed strong anti-semitic views publicly and privately.§!
Samuel Murray Robinson
§YBorn:§! §LJune 13th, 1882, in Eulogy, Texas, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSamuel Murray 'Hobby' Robinson entered the U.S. Naval Academy in 1899. Graduating in 1903, he saw service in the Asiatic Station before making a cruise from Honolulu, Hawaii to Panama aboard the Paul Jones, the first long voyage undertaken by a destroyer. From 1907 to 1909, he circumnavigated the globe with the Great White Fleet aboard the battleship Vermont. In 1909 the Navy established a formal graduate programme at the Academy, and Robinson was one of 10 students selected for the first class of the School of Marine Engineering. Robinson was credited with pioneering electric drive propulsion in the U.S. Navy, beginning with his tour as executive officer and chief engineer of the newly built collier Jupiter. He was assigned to the Bureau of Engineering from 1914 to 1919, where he helped design five battleships in rapid succession. From 1919 to 1921 he had sea duty as fleet engineering officer to the commander in chief of the Pacific Fleet. He returned to the Bureau of Engineering in 1921 to begin six years as officer in charge of the Design Division and became manager of the Puget Sound Navy Yard in Washington in 1927. In 1932, Robinson was commissioned chief of the Bureau of Engineering with the rank of rear admiral.§!\n\n§YNotes: There are rumours of his connections with right-wing elements but there is no specific evidence towards that.§!
David Worth Bagley
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 8th, 1883, in Raleigh, North Carolina, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDavid Worth Bagley attended North Carolina State College in 1898 and 1899 before entering the United States Naval Academy in 1900. After graduating in 1904, he went to sea in USS Missouri attached to the North Atlantic Fleet. In December 1905, Passed Midshipman Bagley was reassigned to the Asiatic Fleet and served successively in Concord and USS West Virginia. He was detached from West Virginia in 1907 and, the following year, reported on board USS Rhode Island of the Atlantic Fleet and made the voyage around the world in her with the Great White Fleet. In 1909, he left Rhode Island and went to the General Electric Co. for a year of instruction. He then became aide and flag lieutenant to the Commander, 2nd Division, Atlantic Fleet, in April 1910. After a similar tour of duty on the staff of the Commander in Chief, Asiatic Fleet, and a two-month furlough, Bagley reported for duty at the Naval Academy in 1912. Two years later, Bagley returned to sea as first lieutenant in USS Michigan serving with the Atlantic Fleet. He got his first command in 1915 when he took over USS Drayton. In 1924, Bagley was appointed as Commander, Destroyer Division 21, Scouting Fleet. Bagley went ashore again in May 1924 for another two year tour of duty at the Naval Academy. At the end of the academic year in 1926, he left the academy to become Chief of Staff to the Commander, Asiatic Fleet, embarked on the USS Memphis. In April 1927, Bagley moved to the 9th Naval District as the Chief of Staff to the commandant. Bagley returned to sea in 1931 as the commanding officer of cruiser USS Pensacola, then serving in the Atlantic with Cruiser Squadron 3, Battle Fleet. That assignment lasted until 1933 when Bagley was called to Washington, D.C, for duty in the Bureau of Navigation and later became assistant bureau chief. In May 1935, orders sent Bagley to attend the Naval War College. Upon completing the senior course, he was promoted to the flag rank and placed in command of Special Service Squadron.§!\n\n§YNotes: His family supports the Share Our Wealth movement.§!
John Sidney McCain Sr.
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 9th, 1884, in Carroll County, Mississippi, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJohn Sidney 'Slew' McCain, the son of plantation owner, attended the University of Mississippi for two years, where he joined the Phi Delta Theta Fraternity, and then decided to attend the United States Military Academy at West Point, where his brother William Alexander McCain was enrolled. To practise for its entrance exams, he decided to take the ones for the United States Naval Academy; when he passed those and earned an appointment, he decided to attend there instead. Soon after earning his commission, McCain sailed aboard the Great White Fleet's world cruise from 1907 to 1909, joining the battleship USS Connecticut for the last stretch home. His next assignment was to the Asiatic Squadron, after which the Navy ordered him to the naval base at San Diego, California. During 1914 and 1915 he was executive officer and engineering officer aboard the armoured cruiser USS Colorado, patrolling off the Pacific coast of then-troubled Mexico. In September 1915, he joined the armoured cruiser USS San Diego, flagship for the Pacific Fleet and later in 1918 McCain was assigned to the Bureau of Navigation. In the 1920s and early 1930s, McCain served aboard USS Maryland, USS New Mexico, and USS Nitro. His first command was USS Sirius. In 1935, McCain enrolled in flight training. Graduating at 52 in 1936, he became one of the oldest men to become a naval aviator and in the end of 1936 he became commander the aircraft carrier USS Ranger and he is considered next in the line of promotion to rear admirals.§!\n\n§YNotes: His son has been affiliated with Share Our Wealth in the past.§!
Willis Augustus Lee Jr.
§YBorn:§! §LMay 11th, 1888, in Natlee, Kentucky, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWillis Augustus 'Ching' Lee Jr. entered the U.S. Naval Academy in 1904. While at the Naval academy, his Chinese-sounding last name, compounded by his fondness for the Far East earned him the nickname 'Ching'.Following graduation, Lee joined the academy's rifle team twice. He was assigned to the USS Idaho before May 1909, when he returning to the naval academy and re-joining the rifle team. From November 1909 until May 1910, Lee served aboard USS New Orleans, and then transferred to USS Helena. Upon being detached back to the United States, Lee re-joined the Academy shooting team a third time. In July 1913, Lee re-joined Idaho, and in April 1914 he transferred to USS New Hampshire to participate in the occupation of Veracruz. Lee participated in 14 events at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Berlin. He won 7 medals (5 gold, 1 silver, and 1 bronze), all in team events. Lee attended the Naval War College in the late 1920s, and was promoted to the rank of captain in 1935. During the 1930s, Lee was several times assigned to the Fleet Training Division, commanded the light cruiser Concord, and served on the staff of Commander, Cruisers, Scouting Fleet. With outbreak of the Civil War he joined to the Long's forces and was temporarily promoted to the rank of rear admiral.§!\n\n§YNotes: He is a distant relative of Confederate General Robert E. Lee and the third Attorney General of the United States, Charles Lee.§!
Jerauld Wright
§YBorn:§! §LJune 4th, 1898, in Amherst, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJerauld ‘Old Stoneface' Wright, the second son of Major General William M. Wright, entered the Naval Academy in 1914 as the youngest midshipman to enter the academy since the American Civil War, and graduated in 1917. After graduation Lieutenant Wright joined the gunboat USS Castine, which patrolled the Atlantic and convoyed ships during the Weltkrieg, after which he served on board of various destroyers of the U.S Navy. In 1926 Lt. Wright joined the USS Maryland, a Colorado-class battleship, as the principal assistant of the ship's Gunnery Division. He also furthered his hands-on education of gunnery and ordnance while serving as an instructor at the Gunnery School on the battleship Colorado. Commander Wright then joined the USS Norfolk, an Augusta-class cruiser attached to the Scouting Fleet, as its first lieutenant in August 1931 and later became the ship's gunnery officer from June 1932 to June 1934. He also served at the United States Naval Academy as the Battalion Commander for the First Battalion, from June 1934 to June 1936. With outbreak of the Civil War he joined the People's Government and was rapidly promoted to rear admiral.§!\n\n§YNotes: Wright developed an interest in gunnery and ordnance after he was turned down for naval aviation due to his exophoria.§!
Arthur LeRoy Bristol Jr.
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 15th, 1886, in Charleston, South Carolina, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LArthur LeRoy Bristol Jr. entered the United States Naval Academy on September 23rd, 1902 and graduated with the Class of 1906. After the prescribed two years of sea duty, which he served in the pre-dreadnought USS Illinois, he received his commission as ensign in 1908. Transferred to Mayflower in 1909, he remained in that Presidential yacht until ordered to Berlin in January 1912 for a year and one-half as a naval attaché. In June 1913, he returned home to command the new destroyer Cummings. A year later, he received the concurrent command of Terry and the 2nd Division, Reserve Torpedo Flotilla, U.S. Atlantic Fleet. He then briefly commanded the destroyer Jarvis. Late in 1915, Bristol was assigned the duties of aide and torpedo officer on the staff of Commander, Torpedo Flotilla, Atlantic Fleet and, in the winter of 1916, he became aide and flag secretary to the Commander, Destroyer Force, Atlantic Fleet. In the summer of 1917 he became aide and flag secretary for Commander, Cruiser Force, Atlantic Fleet and, going ashore in February 1918, he laboured in Washington through the end twenties and into the spring of 1921 on duty in the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations. A course of instruction at the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island occupied him from July 1922 to May 1923, and he next served as an instructor on the staff of that institution from May 1923 to the end 1924. Following a brief tour as aide for Commander, Scouting Fleet, he sailed to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, to join the American naval mission there. Reporting to the dreadnought South Carolina in February 1927, Bristol served as executive officer of that dreadnought until April of the following year, and then moved to the dreadnought North Carolina as her executive officer. In the spring of 1934 he was appointed as commanding officer of the battleship Tennessee. With outbreak of the Civil War he joined to the Long's cause and led his battleship to New Orleans for which he was promoted to rear admiral.§!\n\n§YNotes: Despite his support of Long, many people thinks he did that because his family.§!
James Guthrie Harbord
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 21st, 1866, in Bloomington, Illinois, United States of America§!
Frank Maxwell Andrews
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 3rd, 1884, in Nashville, Tennessee, United States of America§!
Curtis Emerson LeMay
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 15th, 1906, in Columbus, Ohio, United States of America§!
Otto Paul Weyland
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 27th, 1903, in Riverside, California, United States of America§!
DeWitt Clinton Ramsey
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 2nd, 1888, in Fort Whipple, Arizona, United States of America§!
Emory Scott Land
John Walter Christie
Robert Hutchings Goddard
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1882, in Worcester, Massachusetts, United States, United States of America§!
