Uruguay Focus Tree
URU
Union Revolucionaria Uruguaia
PSiU
Partido Sindicalista de Uruguay
PSU
Partido Socialista de Uruguay
PC
Partido Colorado
PC
Facción Centrista del Partido Colorado
PN
Facción Centrista del Partio Nacional
PN
Partido Nacional
PNC
Partido Nacional Independiente
Administración Militar
Administración Militar
Camarilla de Terra
Camarilla de Terra
Ultranacionalistas
Ultranacionalistas
Maintain Council Primacy
With Baltasar Brum and his reform in 1918, our country finally reached the end of an almost century old dispute between the 'Blancos' and 'Colorados'. This ushered in the prosperity that came afterwards, and it would be foolish to end this system because of a worldwide catastrophe and risk going back to the times of constant brawling between our factions.
Promote Political Stability
Uruguay is no stranger to political instability. For almost a century the conflict of 'Blancos' and 'Colorados' almost tore apart our nation more than once. With the council, however, we've managed to unite both parties, who now both try their best to cooperate and lead us to a better future. We shall encourage this harmony, and make all those who strive for compromise and cooperation exemplary citizens.
Ensure Political Confidence
The people of Uruguay have a choice in the elections. However, many people still do not vote, believing they will not have any effect on the result, or not even knowing about the election at all! We should try to promote confidence in the political game, to encourage stability.
Expand the Council's Authority
Now that we're done dealing with the crisis, we can go back to issues we had before it. The council's actions have proven to be decisive, and that has gained us a lot of public support. Since the council has proven to be the decisive factor instead of the President, we shall seek to expand our executive power to all the state functions the president used to have.
Issue a Joint Recovery Plan
The Council has finally stabilised the political scene, and it is now time for policies to be reimplemented after the crisis.
The Presidential Restoration
Ever since Baltasar Brum's presidency, the president was sidelined and the real power was held by the council. For too long has the council had absolute control over the nation, handicapping the state's power in useless squabbles between scheming politicians. It is time for one man to seize back control for the good of the nation, and that man shall be Gabriel Terra.
Expand the Presidency
With the Constitutional Reform that went into effect in 1919, the presidency had to share most of its power with the National Council of Administration. While this did work at the time, now we need to take decisive action, which cannot happen with the constant infighting in the Council, and as such we need to expand the president's power.
Encourage Political Participation
One of the major fears with the loss of the council is the lack of representation for opposing parties. However, we shall prove to them that there is nothing to fear. The local municipalities will hold a large amount of autonomy, and referendums shall be scheduled regarding a few social policies in order to appease the people and prove we are not tyrants.
Stabilise the Nation
With the economic recession afoot and the dissolution of the council, strikes and riots fill our streets, and criminals feel emboldened to realise their heinous activities. Restoring stability won't be easy, but with the strong hand of our president, we shall soon overcome this!
The Terra Manifesto
With the political situation finally stabilised, we can start worrying about our political reforms for the country.
Maintain Council Bipartisanship
The Council has been, since its inception, a compromise between the two largest parties of Uruguay in order to guarantee stability. The fact that, once again, the council has become vital in breaking the stalemate shows the benefits of having kept it to this day. Hopefully, between the parties new compromises can be forged, and a new Uruguay can come ahead better than before.
The Politics of Consensus
Uruguay shall not be built by one single group, or one single party. Uruguay is for everyone, and it's due to this that before stepping forward towards planning our policies, we should first strive to compromise both parties as much as possible in order to ensure that the times for discussion when policies are finally voted are lot shorter than they were.
Balance the Budget
Something the Council has managed to agree on is on the government budget. While the Colorados have obviously argued for increased investment, the Nacionales have struck a compromise, and will allow the Colorados to pay for said policies, as long as those policies remain within the stipulated budget, as the Nacionales fear that overspending will lead to another economic crisis.
Ensure Political Stability
With the political factions of our country having a say in our government, as well as granting them plenty of executive power we are slowly, but surely putting the final end to the rifts that once tore our country apart, we can look forward to the future as one people.
New Elections
While originally the council bipartisanship was established in order to provide political stability to the country, the collapse after the Black Monday crisis clearly showed us we need to rethink our administration, and that it is time to call for new elections. May the best party win the election, and may it bring long awaited stability which our country desperately needs.
Partido Colorado
The socially democratic Colorado Party has been the leading party of Uruguay for the last few decades, and as they hold a majority of the power, we will now move on to implement their policies.
The Agricultural Development Office
Now that Uruguay is back on its feet, we need to take steps to prevent past mistakes. One of the sectors that got hit the hardest was the agricultural sector. We've decided to centralise national agricultural activities into a single entity, the 'Oficina de Programación y Politica Agropecuaria', or 'OPYPA'.
Distribute Modern Farming Equipment
New methods of farming have been researched recently, and they prove to be extremely effective. If we want to increase exports, we should move to promote this to all the farmers of Uruguay.
Wealth Distribution Programmes
One of the main tenets of the Colorado party is and has always been 'To make the rich a bit less rich in order to make the poor a bit less poor'. With this idea in mind and our reforms finally coming along, we can finally start our wealth redistribution policies, so we can have a better and more equal Uruguay.
Partido Nacional
The Partido Nacional, which has been around since the creation of the Uruguayan state, has finally defeated the Colorados and as such, we will now move on to implement their policies.
Attract Foreign Investment
Uruguay is a nation in development. The Uruguayan land is fertile, our ports are great and capable, and we have plenty of room to expand industrial parks. The only thing we lack is money to invest in said areas, and as such we should try to incentivise foreign investment to improve our economy.
Repeal Emergency Taxation
Now that the crisis is behind us and that we've managed to balance our budget, there's no need to keep our past tax hikes. We shall be true to our word and reduce them, a move that shall increase the confidence of the average Uruguayan in their government.
Education Reform Plan
We're surrounded by giants, that have huge armies and huge industries, so hoping to survive against them relying on numbers is useless. We have to begin relying on quality, and for that we need better education, which shall give us an edge on technology with enough time and resources.
Partido Socialista de Uruguay
The Partido Socialista de Uruguay has, in spite of having all odds against it, prevailed even after having to be disbanded and reformed after 1921 with the split between the traditional socialists and the syndicalists, who formed the PSiU. We will not move forward towards implementing their policies.
The Peaceful Transition
One of Frugoni's main tenets of Socialism is that the violence, as seen in France and Britain, is only counter-productive for the workers and the society itself, and as the elected official by the Uruguayan government, he has promised to stick to this tenet to the letter. Time will tell however if his hardline pacifism will truly work to reform Uruguay...
Improve Workers' Rights
One of our main pool of support are the industrial workers of Uruguay, who, while not great in number as our neighbour Argentina has, are still a huge part of the Uruguayan society as a whole. However, decades of economic growth has forsaken many of them, forcing them to live in despicable conditions, and it is as such that the president is pushing for new work laws to be passed in order to improve their livelihood.
Support Trade Unions
The Trade Unions of Uruguay have played a huge role in our victory, and we shouldn't underestimate their influence. However, they are also extremely vulnerable to radicalise and start heeding the violent revolutionary call of the PSiU, and in order to avoid it, we should woo them to our side by granting them concessions to make sure they won't hinder our reforms.
Complete the Rincón del Bonete Dam
The Rincón del Bonete Lake, made possible by the construction of this dam, will be the largest source of fresh water in all of Uruguay. It is completely an artificial lake - a testament to our small, yet powerful economy. Let us finish construction of the dam so that we may alleviate the people's needs and improve our country.
Black Monday Woes
The stock market in Berlin crashed, dealing an heavy blow to our economy. We need to take a stance on the recovery plan, but which vision will prevail? President Terra's policy, or the council's combined one?
The Terra Policy
President Gabriel Terra has proposed to maintain the welfare state that Uruguayans have long enjoyed. This will ensure that although our economy will suffer temporarily - the people's needs will be addressed. Alternatively, there is a proposal that the government must embrace fiscal austerity and end funding for the welfare state - at least until our troubles are over.
The Council's Policy
President Terra agreed to the council's decision to approach the crisis with a more cautious and organised approach. This will take time, but it will be time well spent, after which our country will be even more prosperous than before.
Fiscal Austerity
Uruguay had a promising start this century, with the first signs of political stability since the birth of he nation and flourishing trade with the rest of the word. Then it made sense to have Welfare State to improve the livelihood of our citizens. Now, we stand at the edge of total economic collapse, and if we wish to save ourselves we need to end the Welfare State and restore balance to our budget decisively.
Temporary Tax Increases
During the Welfare State, not only did the state provided social benefits, but it also tried to keep taxes at a minimum. Now the Uruguayan citizens are used to this system, and we cannot just make a permanent tax increase to help with our deficit. We shall enact small taxes in all services, and state that it's only a temporary measure. Hopefully we'll lower them again when our economy recovers.
Shrink Government Involvement
The State used to supervise through its ministries most issues of Uruguayan society. While this secured our state as a benevolent entity, now it has become a mere hindrance to our budget. We shall start reducing state involvement, and hopefully this will be the last of our budget cuts.
Entice Foreign Businesses
For us to finally get rid of Black Monday, it's not enough for us to just cut spending, we need new profits. Although we have kept agricultural trade high, foreign investment has remained rather low. We should move to promote investment from foreign business to make sure our whole economy isn't based on agricultural trade only.
Maintain the Welfare State
Achieving a Welfare State has been one of our proudest achievements, and as such we can't just end it! Many Uruguayan citizens rely on us! We shall find a way to reform our system and get back on track without leaving our people alone.
Fund Recovery Programmes
We now have a rather sizeable income surplus. Our next step should be to get our economy back on track. There's no shortage of small businesses in our small country, who all have suffered the effects of the crisis, with many being forced to close down. We shall enact fund recovery programmes, that way we can get our local talent back on track and increase our profits in order to continue with further reforms.
Subsidise Farmers
Uruguay is mostly an agrarian nation, and Black Monday has hit our agricultural sector the most. With Tambos (Uruguayan dairies) being forced to close down and farmers forced to sell their products well below the cost of production. Our next step should be to subsidise their activities and products, who shall in turn get back on track and return us their precious profits with taxes.
Small Business Subsidies
Small business is the pillar of our economy, and of our nation. Providing investments in that field will surely ensure a better and brighter future for our nation, and we could also sneak in some funds to sustain our army even more.
Debate the Governmental Size
With the new tax reforms now in effect, we must now decide as to whether we continue with the current size of the government, or we should encourage foreign investment more by reducing our economic intervention.
Review the Tax Codes
Now that we've softened the first blow, we now have to consider what to do with our tax system. As always, deliberation on the subject will take time, but we shall find a solution together.
The Status of Agriculture
Finally, we have to decide what to do with our farmers. Agriculture is the lifeblood of Uruguay, and with the recent crisis and our subsequent delayed response, many of our farmers have been forced to reduce their activities, leading them to have large unprofitable swaths of land. We need to get those back to work in order to increase our profits, but how?
Finalise the Recovery Plan
We've already covered enough what we do with our people's money, now we have to decide what to do with the money we get. Our recent reforms has given us a sizeable surplus, which we can use to start up a recovery plan. The question now is which plan?
Black Monday is Over!
With clever reforms, we've managed to balance out our budget and finally deal with the last ripples of Black Monday. Now we can get back on our feet and return to pre-Black Monday production levels.
Suspend the Constitution
For good or ill, Gabriel Terra has seized total control of the state, and it shall be his will alone that will make or break Uruguay from now on.
The Uruguayan Red Scare
With the dangers of radicalism looming over Uruguay after the victory of the radicals in the West, Terra has decided to take a hardline stance against the Syndicalist in Uruguay. We shall not take any chances with those damn traitors!
Centralise Executive Authority
With the Council, a lot of the executive power was delegated to both the opposition and the local municipalities, weakening the grip of the central government just to appease the opposition. We will have to revert back this policies if we wish to give Terra the necessary power to save Uruguay from catastrophe.
The Departamento de Asuntos Interiores
In order to keep stability in the streets, our current police force is not enough, but our army cannot go into the cities as they have other obligations to attend to. We will need to expand the police force in order to maintain strict control over our country.
Purge Disloyal Officers
We can no longer afford to have officers in our army which may prove to be a liability in these trying times. We shall have to do a full investigation of our officer corps, and invite those with a suspicious history to resign. If they refuse however, we'll have to forcefully remove them...
The New Industrial Policy
We can no longer trust rural exports to make up the backbone of Uruguay's economy. A war is brewing in the distance, and a radical change will be needed in order for our country to survive the incoming storm. Due to this, Terra has decreed for the government to invest in a new factory with the objective of making Montevideo a bit less reliant on foreign imports.
Suppress the Trade Unions
The Unions are a threat for the stability of Uruguay and we shall try to damage if not completely destroy their influence in the government. We shall pass an Act to illegalise all syndicalist unions, and we shall seek to reduce the influence of the remaining non-syndicalist ones in case the radicals try to infiltrate those.
Prioritise Foreign Trade
Trade is vital for a successful country, and Uruguay cannot hope to bear the incoming storm alone. Terra will start expanding Uruguay's trade partners, even for those countries that most deem as unconstitutional or illegitimate...
Cooperate with the Partido Nacional
Despite Terra being part of the Colorado Party, his policies are slowly aligning more and more with the PN's programme. We shall seek closer ties with their representatives in order to push Uruguay towards a new future together.
Propaganda Terrista
It is Gabriel Terra who holds the key to saving this nation, but many people haven't yet recognised him as such. We shall increase our propaganda effort so that every man, woman and child knows who is the new president and how can he help us in these trying times.
Anti-Liberalism
It is the free flow of ideas and of capital that has brought this continent to the edge of total collapse, and Terra is willing to take measures in order to avoid this from happening to us, ¡Viva Terra!
The Terrista Constitution
There are several restraints in place in the 1918 constitution which prevent Terra from performing the final steps of his takeover. We shall call for a new constitutional convention, where we shall reform the previous constitution to suppress the Consejo de Administración, thus providing unlimited executive power to Terra.
Invest in Agricultural Ventures
Unlike Germany, our nation is not very industrialised. Our economy is mostly made up of agriculture and export of agricultural products, so our economic plan should focus on the farms and fields of Uruguay.
Education and Literacy Grants
Despite having a good education system compared to the South American standards, it's still not good enough compared to other places in the world, such as Europe. Thus, it's been decided that we should subsidise the education sector even more in order to not remain behind in terms of technology.
Increase Cattle Product Exports
One of our main agricultural exports is livestock. The plains of Uruguay are perfectly suited for extensive livestock holding, so we should invest more into this important economic sector.
Develop Rural Areas
A large portion of our infrastructure and industry is centred in Montevideo, but Uruguay isn't just made up of one city. We need to invest more into the countryside to stop this inequality.
Civilian and Military Railway Grants
All roads lead to Rome? No, all roads lead to Montevideo! At least in Uruguay that's the case. However, these roads aren't really roads anymore but simple pathways once you reach the borders of Uruguay. We need to improve our road grid.
Industrial Training Schemes
Industry is the main engine of the world, and it would be stupid from us to not invest into it. New machinery and new production lines are the future, which will lead to a more efficient and productive economy, in the long term.
Establish an Agricultural Bank
Our agricultural economy is not only centred around livestock, grain is a vital produce as well. We need to invest more into these basic foodstuffs to expand our production and exportation.
Expand International Exports
Our economy is an export-centred one: Uruguayan meat can be found in Berlin and Tokyo and our fish is on sale in Moscow. We need to further increase our exports so that our economy can prosper.
Industrialisation Plans
Our agricultural economy is booming, but while cattle and grain make good money on the world market, you can't build houses, ships and rifles with them. We need to industrialise Uruguay!
Maintain Agrarianism
Uruguay is not a big nation, and because of that, we can't have a powerful industry such as Germany. Maintaining agrarianism is our only choice to remain competitive on the global markets, whether we like it or not.
Prosperity Abundant
Our economy reached its peak in these years, thanks to our non involvement in massive conflicts such as the Weltkrieg, or the American civil war. Uruguayan products are now extremely competitive on all the markets around the world, bringing prosperity to our citizens and our economy.
Chaos in Buenos Aires
With Argentina in chaos, we need to be ready for everything. We shall drill our troops to be ready for a possible aggression from the west, and we have to hope that nothing hostile will come from the western side of the Rio Uruguay.
The Rio Uruguay Line
Other than hoping that nothing comes from the western side of the Rio Uruguay, we can fortify the border in order to increase our defensive capabilities. In this way, we will be able to repel every argentinian aggression that might potentially arrive.
Lessons of the Civil War
Our main ally in the region, Brazil, has experienced yet another civil war. We can learn some important lessons from that conflict in order to improve our army, and also stay ready to face a potential aggression from the north.
Fortifications on the Northern Border
Just like our western border, the northern one is not a safe place anymore. Thus, we shall adopt the same approach we adopted with Argentina, and fortify also our northern border in order to be prepared for every Brazilian aggression.
Mission to Rio
A military attaché has been sent to our allies in Rio de Janeiro in order to improve our military tactics. With this, we should be able to properly modernise our military from an unprepared army to a force to be reckoned with.
Centralise the High Command
Our recent mission to Brazil showed us that we need to reform our army, and one of the main issues was our command chain. By centralising it, we should be able to solve most of our issues and turn our military into a well prepared force.
License Foreign Weapon Schematics
The state of our arsenal is mediocre, to say the least: most of our rifles are outdated, and most of our units still lack a radio. By licensing foreign weapons, be it by legal channels or less legal ones, we should be able to fix this problem and get some modern pieces of equipment.
Learning from the Weltkrieg
The Weltkrieg has been an immense massacre, with millions of lives getting lost on the battlefield. We should not repeat the same mistakes that happened in the war, considering our manpower is everything but high. Every loss would be a loss too much.
Engineering and Entrenchment
If we were to fight a war, it would be a defensive one, and thus we should adopt defensive tactics. Trenches proved to be a very efficient defensive tactic since the First American Civil war, so we should use them as much as we possibly can.
Implement Mandatory Conscription
Unlike places such as China, India or Europe, our country doesn't have many men able to service in the army, and implementing conscription will be our only way to fix this problem.
Establish Regular Drill Protocol
Our troops need to be always ready to face everything that will come against us, and we can't allow them to slack off. Regularly drilling them will ensure that even in case of aggression, our troops will be ready to face everything, even hell itself.
Create the Military Inspectorate
Our recent mission to Brazil showed us that we need to reform our army, and one of the main issues was the status of our equipment. Now, we will require massive investments to modernise our equipment, mostly because we're still using mostly Weltkrieg equipment. Once we will succeed to improve our arsenal, however, we will be a force to be reckoned with.
Artillery Strategic Refinement
The state of our artillery battalions is mediocre, to say the best. General lack of equipment and capacity to produce it on our own severely hampered our possibilities of developing artillery tactics, but by studying Brazilian artillery tactics we should be able to put a patch on it.
Modernised Weapon Training Programmes
Modern equipment will perform a key role in the modernisation of our tactics, considering how new artillery pieces are more accurate than the ancient ones, and new shells are more powerful than before. If we get our hands on those, our enemies will tremble in fear just with the thought of facing the powerful Uruguayan artillery.
Motorisation Experiments
We need to develop a net of modernised logistics in order to constantly supply our frontlines, and trucks have proven to be very effective in this regard, even more than mules and horses. Adopting those new methods of supplying our troops would prove effective, both in the short and long run.
Subsidise Local Munitions Facilities
We can't just rely on imports, considering how easily we can be blockaded by any other nation, and that means domestic production is a must. We should subsidise domestic production in order to be prepared for anything we could potentially face.
Conduct War Games
Germany has adopted since the 1870 a strategy of conducting war games even while at peace, and considering our dangerous neighbours we should do the same in order to be always prepared for anything.
Libertad o Muerte
Freedom or death! We will fight tooth and nails against any enemy we will face, no matter how strong they will be! We shall defend our homeland till the last man, because no one can dictate foreign rule over us. They shall not pass!
The Uruguayan Air Corps
The state of Uruguay's aviation is nonexistant, and we need to kickstart it in a way or another. Foreign advisors will be very useful in this regard, providing us with useful experience towards this machinery which can potentially make wonders and give us a grasp of what an airplane can do.
The Montevideo Air Academy
By instituting a domestic air academy in Montevideo, we should be able to create a generation of young, enthusiastic pilots, which will take on the skies and make this nation proud of its conquest in the aviation sector.
Purchase New Fighters
Simply put, we lack fighters. We lack them both in our stockpile, and we also lack a way to produce them domestically. Our only solution is to import them, be it by legal or less legal means, otherwise we will be totally screwed in our fight for the dominance of the skies.
The Air Observer Corps
Air defence is something difficult to achieve for a small nation such as us, but we are confident that by creating a defensive corp specialised in spotting enemy airplanes, we will be able to increase our capabilities of fighting enemy air forces.
Integrate the Air Command
The air corps are nothing more than a natural extension of the army. We should incorporate the air command into the army command in order to achieve better coordination between the two.
Develop an Independent Air Force
The air force cannot be tied to the army, considering its multiple roles and capabilities, and it should become its own independent branch, along with the army and the navy.
Anti-Air Defences
Anti-air is a type of weapon that can make wonders, if used properly, especially against bombers which could maul our troops and destroy our factories, and our homes. Creating an anti-air defence system will ensure that enemy bombers won't be able to menace us.
Increase River and Border Patrols
Lots of things, legal and illegal, can pass across the Rio Uruguay, and across the other rivers in our country. Increasing the size of our patrol boats will result in a more effective fight against illegal smuggling, and help our economy.
Renovate Coastal Fortifications
The worst that can happen is being undefended in case enemy ships would show up in the port of Montevideo, and we should take care of that possibility by expanding our coastal defences and bunkers.
Review the Uruguayan Navy
Our navy is in a weird state, with most of our ships being built on commission from other countries, and without an experienced high command. We need to improve our naval capabilities, in a way or another.
Establish the Air Naval Corps
Those new naval bombers seem pretty cool, and they can also do something amazing: we need only a few of them in order to sink a battleship. Investing in those will surely be helpful for fighting against enemy navies.
New Naval Bases
Improving the Montevideo naval base will prove helpful for our expanding navy, giving us more repair capabilities for our ships and also an higher capacity of shipping and importing goods.
Purchase Submarine Schematics
The only type of ship we will ever be able to produce will be submarines, realistically speaking, and purchasing schematics to design them will be our first step towards being relevant on the seas. Without those, there's barely anything we can possibly do.
Establish a Naval Academy
With a proper naval academy established, we will be able to expand the competences of the admiralty and to transform it into one of the most advanced in the world, with our naval officers being requested all around the globe.
Call for Brazilian Aid
Already requesting help from [BRA.GetName]
Military Affairs
Our defensive capabilities are not great, and we need to do something in that regard. Reinforcing our borders, and buying foreign equipment is our best chance at successfully defending ourselves.
Invite Brazilian Military Advisors
Purchase American Aircraft
Economic Affairs
Our economy, despite its relative internal stability, is both not big and subject to foreign influences. If we wish to remain truly independent, we need to do something about it.
Improve the Agricultural Sector
Improve Cattle Ranches
Improve the Arms Industry
Improve Dockyards Capabilities
Improve Resource Extraction
Further Fortifications on the Southern Rio Uruguay Line
Finalise Fortifications on the Southern Rio Uruguay Line
Further Fortifications on the Central Rio Uruguay Line
Finalise Fortifications on the Central Rio Uruguay Line
Further Fortifications in Rivera
Finalise Fortifications in Rivera
Further Fortifications on the Central Northern Line
Finalise Fortifications on the Central Northern Line
Further Fortifications in Melo
Finalise Fortifications in Melo
Further Fortifications on the Lower Northern Line
Finalise Fortifications on the Lower Northern Line
Fortify the Rio Negro Line
Further Fortifications on the Lower Rio Negro Line
Further Fortifications on the Upper Rio Negro Line
After decades of instability, the Oriental Republic of Uruguay finds itself in a prosperous and stable state: neutrality in the Weltkrieg and the institution of the National Administration Council in 1919 meant that the Uruguayan economy was able to prosper during these years despite the loss of one of their biggest commercial partners. Should its agricultural economy collapse, however, the situation may deteriorate really fast and open possibilities for extremists to destroy the stability and neutrality of this fragile nation...
GFX_URG_intro
The Oriental Republic of Uruguay
The Oriental Republic of Uruguay has, for most of its history, been deeply divided. Even after the end of the Uruguayan Civil War, there was still strong civil unrest between the two main political parties, the Colorado and the National party. No middle ground could be found, and the division seemed to have no end, but the nation was still functional.\n\nWhen the first Weltkrieg struck the world, Uruguay remained neutral, for both Germany and Great Britain were important trading partners. Although Uruguay was able to keep trade going throughout the conflict, the war did not have a major impact on the nation, and Uruguay continued to exist as a weak and unstable nation. That was, however, until 1919, when a new constitution was created and agreed upon by both parties. The constitution allows the Colorado party to keep the role of president, but it would have its powers limited and shared with the National Administration Council, made up of elected representatives of both the Colorado and National party.\n\nThis balance of power has ushered in a golden age for Uruguay, bringing peace and stability to the population. The council had its powers extended even further in 1928, to the point where it's more influential than the president. The council has become fundamental in Uruguayan politics. Due to this political golden age, the economy has improved drastically, allowing the government the ability to establish Uruguay as a strong welfare state.\n\nHowever, the politics of Uruguay are just as volatile as always. Should disaster strike, like the sudden collapse of the agricultural industry, the cracks in the council might begin to show, and some politicians who believe the president must have more power might try to use this as an opportunity to bring an end to the Council's rule.
§MCouncil - Centristas§! ($social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Maintain the council when it is called into question.\n£white_dot In the 1938 elections, choose a balanced approach.\n\n§MCouncil - Colorados§! ($social_democrat_coloured$) / §MCouncil - Partido Nacional§! ($social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot Select any of the options when the Council is called into question.\n£white_dot In the 1938 elections, choose a slight Colorado victory or a victory for Gabriel Terra to have the §SPartido Colorado§! win or choose a slight Nacional victory or a victory for Luis Alberto de Herrera to have the §cPartido Nacional§! win.\n\n§MPresidency - Socialistas§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Abolish the Council when it is called into question.\n£white_dot In the 1938 elections, choose a victory for Emilio Frugoni to have the §RPartido Socialista de Uruguay§! win.\n\n§MCamarilla de Terra§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Abolish the Council, have the §SPartido Colorado§! win the 1938 elections and have Brazil fall to a socialist coup or Patagonia win against Argentina.\n£white_dot Have the Emergency Press Act pass, the constitution modifies without a hitch, and have Terra succeed to become president for life.
Brazil has undergone a civil war.
Brazil is §Rhostile§! but has avoided a civil war.
The Presidency is restored.
The Council keeps power.
Politics has been stabilised.
Brazil is led by a §ldemocratic§!, §PPaternal Autocratic§! or non-hostile $national_populist_coloured$ government.
Brazil is led by an irredentist $national_populist_coloured$ or any §rSocialist§! government.
§GThis will give us a boost to our previous spirit!§!
§GThis will allow us to get advisors from Brazil!§!
The 1938 elections have been held.
ANCAP
AEG Uruguay
IMBEL
Armas de Montevideo
Hispano-Uruguay
Krupp Uruguay
Fokker
Astillero Oriental
Uruguayan Neutrality
For many years now Uruguay has celebrated peace and stability on a continent filled with political strife and military conflict. Uruguay is trapped between the two strongest nations in South America, and its people are willing to defend its land and its neutrality with their lives.
Black Monday
End Welfare State
Reformed Welfare State
Expand the Presidency
Office of Agricultural Development
Council Maintained
Increased Exports
High Taxes
Moderate Taxes
Government Investment
Business Investment
Recovering from Black Monday
Fighting for Neutrality
Pax Uruguaia
Immigration to Uruguay
Now that Argentina is facing a period of high instability, many people have chosen to come here over Buenos Aires.
Encourage Foreign Business
Education Reform
Workers' Rights
Expanded Police Force
Centralised Power
Agricultural Strike
Foreign Trade
Agrarian Economy
Industrialisation Plan
Increased Research Grants
Centralised Army Planning
Modernised Warfare Planning
Libertad O Muerte
Brazilian Military Mission
Brazilian Mission Payments
Montevideo Air Academy
Air Observer Corps
American Air Corp
River Boats
Uruguayan Naval Academy
Uruguay
Uruguayan
Uruguay
Uruguayan Social Republic
the Uruguayan Social Republic
Uruguayan Social Republic
the Uruguayan Social Republic
Fractured Leadership
Joaquín Secco Illa
§YBorn:§! §LMay 14th, 1879, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoaquin Secco Illa was born in the capital, graduating from the 'Universidad de la Republica' as a Lawyer, and was designated professor of civil rights of his alma mater in 1906. He formed the 'Union Civica del Uruguay' in 1912 as a Christian democrat party, but rejoined with the 'Blanco Party' later on. A known conservative and Christian, now that he sits in the Palacio Estevez, he shall lead Uruguay prioritising Christian values and stability over progress.§!
Consejo Nacional de Administración
§YFounded:§! §LMarch 1st, 1919, in Montevideo, Oriental Republic of Uruguay§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWith the 1917 constitutional referendum and a constituent assembly in 1918, a new constitution was enacted in 1919 by President Baltasar Brum, which stated that the executive power has to be shared between the President of the Republic and the 'Consejo Nacional de Administración' ('National Administration Council'). The council is made by nine members that are elected every six years, which generally are six from the ruling party and three from the opposition. The role of the president belongs to the council candidate with the most votes, but he can be only responsible for Foreign Affairs, National Security and Agriculture, whereas the NCA is responsible for the rest of the executive branch responsibilities.§!
Emilio Frugoni
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 30th, 1880, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEmilio Frugoni Queirolo was already a political activist when he was in high school, and took part in the 1904 civil war defending the government of José Batlle y Ordoñez. When the war was over, he formed the 'Centro Obrero Socialista' which would start the process of creating the 'Partido Socialista de Uruguay' in 1910, with Frugoni as its general secretary. He became deputy for that party in 1916 and 1920, however, with the fall of Britain and France to syndicalism, many of his party became to radicalise, turning his party into the 'Partido Sindicalista de Uruguay', whose advocation of violence forced Frugoni to leave the party he created, and has since then been rebuilding the Uruguayan Socialist Party.\n\nIn his words, 'Socialism is not violence, nor dispossession, nor redistribution', and now that he is in power, he shall respect the Uruguayan constitution and political system while at the same time trying to peacefully lead it to the revolutionary ideals he champions.§!
Paulina Luisi
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 22nd, 1875, in Colón Department, Entre Ríos Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPaulina Luisi Janicki was born in Argentina to an Italian father and Polish mother, and they moved shortly after to Paysandú and then finally settled in Montevideo in 1887. She became the first Uruguayan woman to study medicine when she began her career in the 'Universidad de la Republica' in 1900, where she graduated as a physician in 1908.\n\nShe affiliated the Partido Socialista de Uruguay when it was founded in 1910, where she found the place to fight for cultural and civil rights for women in a political platform, and then went on to create the 'Consejo Nacional de la Mujer Uruguaya' and the 'Alianza Uruguaya de Mujeres' in 1919. She later went on to France to specialise in Dermatology and venereal diseases. She then witnessed the events of the French Syndicalist revolution herself, which inspired her to take those ideals back to Uruguay. Now that she is in power, she plans to follow the example of her European Comrades.§!
Hugo Fernández Artucio
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 30th, 1912, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Gabriel Terra
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 1st, 1873, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJosé Luis Gabriel Terra graduated as a lawyer in 1895, where he later became a minister for President Claudio Williman, where he proved great expertise in economic and diplomatic affairs. Later on, he became one of the members of the Constituent Assembly in 1917 and was a minister during Baltasar Brum's rule. He is affiliated to the Partido Colorado, although he has proven to have opposing views with the leader of the party, Jose Batlle Ordóñez. He is a known conservative and authoritarian, and now that he rules Uruguay, will try to centralise his power, balance the state's budget and avoid liberal and progressive reforms.§!
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 1st, 1873, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Luis Alberto de Herrera
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 22nd, 1873, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLuis Alberto de Herrera y Quevedo graduated with a doctorate in Law and Social sciences from the 'Universidad de la Republica'. He participated in the 1897 revolution by the Partido Blanco in and left for the US in 1901, where he served as ambassador for Uruguay. In 1920 he was chosen as director of the Partido Nacional and was the president of the CNA from 1925 to 1927.\n\nWhile his reputation is far from perfect, with multiple conflicts with more radical and progressive factions within the PN, he has proven in the past that he has a genuine concern for the well-being of the Uruguayan citizens and workers. Now that he leads Uruguay, he shall focus on reducing government intervention on the economy, improving the agrarian economy instead of industrialising Uruguay and, inspired by Alexis de Tocqueville's writings, increase the local autonomy of each city and town within Uruguay.§!
Luiz Conrado Batlle Berres
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 26th, 1897, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLuis Conrado Batlle Berres became an orphan when he was eleven, and went to live with his uncle, Jose Batlle y Ordoñez. While he was living with his uncle, Jose managed to become president of Uruguay, and inspired Luis to sign up in the 'Facultad de Derecho de la Universidad de la Republica', where he graduated as a lawyer and joined the Partido Colorado, and thanks to his uncle's connections, has remained a popular choice in the party as a deputy, and now even managing to become a presidential candidate.\n\nDespite his young age and inexperience, the legacy of his uncle, which many regard with having transformed Uruguay into the 'Switzerland of South America', is still alive in the memory of many Uruguayans. As his uncle, he'll champion the ideals of his new 'Batllismo', an interventionist state which shall guarantee social plans for the poor and progressive reforms for the disenfranchised.§!
Juan de Amézaga
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 28th, 1881, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJuan Jose de Amézaga Landaraso graduated as a Lawyer from the 'Universidad de la Republica' in 1905, and travelled for a year and half between Germany and France. His experience in Europe brought him closer to the ideals of Batllismo, and joined up the Colorado Party as soon as he had returned. He became a deputy for the town of Durazno in 1908 with only twenty-seven years, receiving praise and support from Jose Batlle y Ordoñez himself. He has since then climbed through the ranks and now that he sits in the Palacio Estévez, he's bound to continue the old Batllist policies.§!
Martín Echegoyen
§YBorn:§! §LApril 3rd, 1891, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
César Batlle Pacheco
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 30th, 1885, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Alfredo Campos
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 18th, 1880, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Alfredo Baldomir Ferrari
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 27th, 1884, in Paysandú, Oriental State of Uruguay§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlfredo Baldomir Ferrari graduated from the Escuela Militar de Uruguay in 1905, and later on he studied to become an architect, alternating between his two careers until reaching the rank of general in 1935. Now he's been named military governor of Uruguay, and while he has shown leniency towards his rebellious citizens, he still has to maintain order in the country, and will suppress any group that might dare disturb it.§!
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 27th, 1884, in Paysandú, Oriental State of Uruguay§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlfredo Baldomir Ferrari graduated as a Second-Lieutenant from the 'Escuela Militar de Uruguay' in 1905 and has been steadily rising through the ranks until reaching the rank of General in 1935. Due to Uruguay's low population and relative diplomatic isolation, Ferrari has dedicated most of his time to his work as an architect, career from which he graduated in 1911, and his work as Montevideo's police chief.§!\n\n§YNotes: Ferrari is Sympathetic towards the Colorados, but is not formally affiliated to them.§!
Óscar Diego Gestido
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 28th, 1901, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOscar Diego Gestido Pose graduated from the 'Escuela Militar' in 1921, with the rank of Artillery Second-Lieutenant. As soon as he graduated, he joined the 'Escuela Militar de Aviación', where he became a pilot and was named flight instructor by 1926. In 1932, Gestido was sent as a military attaché to the French Exiles to continue gathering experience as a pilot, and has recently become General Director of Military Aeronautics. Despite the fact that most of Gestido's field experience regard aviation, he's still a competent officer who shall do his duty if Uruguay is in danger.§!\n\n§YNotes: Affiliated to the Partido Colorado.§!
Tydeo Larre Borges
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1893, in Paysandú, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Atilio Frigerio
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 22nd, 1881, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Andrés Martìnez Trueba
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 11th, 1884, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Eduardo Rodriguez Larreta
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 11th, 1888, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Jose María López Vidaur
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 4th, 1883, in Durazno, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Alberto Fermin Zubiria
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 9th, 1901, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
José María Gomeza
§YBorn:§! §L1877, in the Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Leonardo Cesàreo Berisso
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 6th, 1887, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
La Escuela Naval
§YFounded:§! §LDecember 12th, 1907, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Liber Falco
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 4th, 1906, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Alfred Navarro
§YBorn:§! §LMay 4th, 1868, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Leopoldo Carlos Artucio
§YBorn:§! §L1903, in the Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Leonardo Vilarino
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in the Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Gustavo Gallinal
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 18th, 1889, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
César Charlone
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1895, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Horacio Arredondo Navas
§YBorn:§! §LApril 23rd, 1888, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Alfeo Brum
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 22nd, 1898, in Salto, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Tomas Berreta Gandolfo
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1875, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Alberto Guani
§YBorn:§! §LJune 14th, 1877, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Academia Militar de Uruguay
§YFounded:§! §LAugust 25th, 1885, in Montevideo, Oriental State of Uruguay§!
Asamblea General de Uruguay
§YFounded:§! §LOctober 25th, 1828, in Montevideo, Provisional Oriental State of Uruguay§!
