Lithuania
Lithuanian
Lithuania
People's Republic of Lithuania
the People's Republic of Lithuania
People's Republic of Lithuania
the People's Republic of Lithuania
People's Republic of Lithuania
the People's Republic of Lithuania
Republic of Lithuania
the Republic of Lithuania
Republic of Lithuania
the Republic of Lithuania
Republic of Lithuania
the Republic of Lithuania
Republic of Lithuania
the Republic of Lithuania
Republic of Lithuania
the Republic of Lithuania
Republic of Lithuania
the Republic of Lithuania
National Republic of Lithuania
the National Republic of Lithuania
Lithuania
the Kingdom of Lithuania
Lithuania
the Kingdom of Lithuania
Lithuania
the Kingdom of Lithuania
Lithuania
the Kingdom of Lithuania
Lithuania
the Kingdom of Lithuania
Lithuania
the Kingdom of Lithuania
Lithuania
the Kingdom of Lithuania
Lithuania-Belarus
Lithuanian-Belarusian
Lithuania-Belarus
Lithuanian-Belarusian Republic of Councils
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Republic of Councils
Lithuanian-Belarusian Republic of Councils
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Republic of Councils
Lithuanian-Belarusian Republic of Councils
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Republic of Councils
Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
Lithuania-Belarus
Lithuanian-Belarusian
Lithuania-Belarus
Kingdom of Lithuania-Belarus
the Kingdom of Lithuania-Belarus
Kingdom of Lithuania-Belarus
the Kingdom of Lithuania-Belarus
Kingdom of Lithuania-Belarus
the Kingdom of Lithuania-Belarus
Kingdom of Lithuania-Belarus
the Kingdom of Lithuania-Belarus
Kingdom of Lithuania-Belarus
the Kingdom of Lithuania-Belarus
Kingdom of Lithuania-Belarus
the Kingdom of Lithuania-Belarus
Kingdom of Lithuania-Belarus
the Kingdom of Lithuania-Belarus
Aušrinė
Studentų socialistų aušrininkų draugija 'Aušrinė'\n§LThe Society of Socialist Students 'Aušrininkai' is a semi-formal student movement which first organised around the magazine Aušrinė ('Morning Star') in 1910. Not long after its inception, it took a straight dive towards socialism, influenced by Benoît Malon and Peter Kropotkin, and, ultimately, revolutionary syndicalism. It was forced out of schools and universities and ultimately banned by executive order in 1923, but continued spreading its ideas through the underground. Using dummy organisations to cover up their activities and publishing their magazine through ever-changing names and titles, and sometimes taking up left-wing terrorism, they remain a headache for any Lithuanian government. Aušrinė stands out among worldwide Syndicalist organisations by being a 'writers' party' - the absolute majority of their members are intellectuals, poets and writers, as such it is a lively community and their ideology is untainted, but they command little popular support.§!\n
Aušrinė
Studentų socialistų aušrininkų draugija 'Aušrinė'\n§LThe Society of Socialist Students 'Aušrininkai' is a semi-formal student movement which first organised around the magazine Aušrinė ('Morning Star') in 1910. Not long after its inception, it took a straight dive towards socialism, influenced by Benoît Malon and Peter Kropotkin, and, ultimately, revolutionary syndicalism. It was forced out of schools and universities and ultimately banned by executive order in 1923, but continued spreading its ideas through the underground. Using dummy organisations to cover up their activities and publishing their magazine through ever-changing names and titles, and sometimes taking up left-wing terrorism, they remain a headache for any Lithuanian government. Aušrinė stands out among worldwide Syndicalist organisations by being a 'writers' party' - the absolute majority of their members are intellectuals, poets and writers, as such it is a lively community and their ideology is untainted, but they command little popular support.§!\n
LSDP
Lietuvos socialdemokratų partija - Radikalusis sparnas\n§LNot all members of the Social Democratic Party of Lithuania are 'soft' social democrats - plenty of them believe that merely reducing the negative effects of capitalism is not enough. The radical wing of the LSDP calls for no compromise with Lithuania's status as a monarchy, nor its domination by Germans, and instead looks towards France and other Syndicalist states as its potential saviours. Despite these radical stances, they maintain a constant presence in the party and hold significant influence over its leadership as well as ordinary membership.§!\n
LSDP
Lietuvos socialdemokratų partija\n§LThe Social Democratic Party of Lithuania is the largest party of the Lithuanian left wing and proudly calls itself the oldest political party in Lithuania. Its history stretches to 1896, although it only became a Lithuanian party foremost in 1902. Although the LSDP commanded great influence over the Lithuanian independence movement, it was forced out of the Council of Lithuania due to its republican stances, an act which many hold grudges for ever since. In the independent Kingdom of Lithuania, they have moderated their anti-monarchist position, but its condition as an anti-German, anti-capitalist party has allowed it to become a big tent movement for the Lithuanian left wing. The core of the party is influenced by the German SPD and Austromarxism, and while it remains a democratic party at heart, it does not disdain socialist or outright Syndicalist influence. This Petri dish of left-wing ideas collected to one organisation makes it rather difficult to achieve a consensus, however.§!\n
KPL/LLK
Lietuvos lenkų komitetas/Komitet Polaków na Litwie\n§LThe Committee of Lithuanian Poles is the largest of many ethnic minority parties in the Kingdom of Lithuania, originally founded in 1920 to contest the first democratic elections in the country. It is a party that unites Lithuanian Polish interests and campaigns for issues that matter to them first and foremost, such as cultural and political autonomy, funding of Polish language education in Białystok and Vilnius regions, and deeper economic, cultural and political ties with Poland. Aside from these core issues, the party is largely non-ideological, the political positions of their members varying from aristocratic conservatism to near-Syndicalism.§!\n
Santara
Demokratinė tautos laisvės santara\n§LThe Democratic National Freedom League, more commonly known as just Santara, is a minor liberal political party in Lithuania which was first founded by many famous Lithuanian politicians in exile in 1917. Based in Petrograd, this party campaigned for Lithuania's future as a democratic republic and tied its future with the Entente, believing that Russian victory in the Eastern Front and Lithuanian autonomy within a greater Russian federation would be the best outcome for Lithuania as a whole. This never came to be, however, and Santara was thus cast out of any influence in building the foundations of the Kingdom. Santara is commonly known as the 'party of veterans'. Its leaders all became involved in politics before the Weltkrieg and were invited to hold ministries in various past governments, but the party does not command nearly as much influence among the population. It is an outlet for liberal ideas in Lithuania - Santara champions secularism, religious tolerance, liberalism, and sees itself as a mediator between the left and the right.§!\n
LKDP
Lietuvos krikščionių demokratų partija\n§LThe Christian Democratic Party of Lithuania is the largest party of the Lithuanian right-wing, originally founded in 1917, although its predecessor movements are claimed to have started operating as early as 1890. A leading proponent of conservatism and monarchism in the Lithuanian political arena, it laid down the foundations for the Kingdom of Lithuania and has remained an extremely influential party since. Because of its vast size, the party has several distinct wings - some of its members are more willing to endorse liberal ideas and reconcile with the left, others are not; some see Lithuania's future as a loyal disciple of Germany, some are wary of being constantly reigned over by godless Lutherans, others are more nationalistic. Some are influenced by Christian corporatism or even Christian socialism, others are staunch conservatives or free market proponents. Regardless of the wing, however, ideas such as Christian ethics, monarchism, and democracy unite them all.§!\n
LTS
Lietuvių tautininkų sąjunga\n§LThe Lithuanian Nationalist Union is the successor to the National Progress Party, founded in 1929, and holds the right-wing nationalist niche which the Christian Democrats have pretty much abandoned. The Nationalist Union unites around the larger-than-life persona of Antanas Smetona, once the head of the Council of Lithuania and the first Prime Minister of Lithuania, turned the leader of the Lithuanian nationalist cause. The failure of the Memel Uprising of 1928 taught Smetona that militant resistance against the Germans is futile, and freedom from their grasp can only be achieved through the ballot, thus the Nationalist Union disdains any talks of armed rebellion and instead seek to implement their ideas (mostly) democratically. It believes in the need for a strong executive, in corporatist and state-controlled economics, support for Lithuanian nationalism, and the ever-present slogan of 'Lithuania for Lithuanians!'. Despite its professed allegiance to the King and Democracy, it comes into direct conflict with the Lithuanian left wing, which sees them as a direct road towards authoritarianism.§!\n
TPP-N
Naujoji Tautos pažangos partija\n§LAs the extreme members of the Lithuanian Nationalist Union have seized control of the party, moderate members of the party from an older extraction have chosen to split, restoring what they describe as the more moderate and aristocratic roots of the party - the Party of National Progress. Though still ethnic Lithuanian nationalist, it holds more moderate stances.§!\n
LAF
Lietuvos aktyvistų frontas\n§LThe Lithuanian Activist Front is an underground Lithuanian nationalist movement founded in 1930, in the aftermath of the Memel Uprising. It unites the radical, militant and reactionary forces of the Lithuanian political spectrum, those who cannot find a home in any legal political parties. Knowledge about how the movement operates is very scarce, but it is believed that they have no universally recognised leader and are split among several influential political visions - despite that, however, a unifying feeling of hatred towards Germany, the government in Vilnius, and non-Lithuanians keeps them from dissolving. They spread their ideology through magazines such as Vairas, Naujoji Romuva and Tautos Kelias, as well as organise protests, raids and occasional terrorist activity. It does not contest elections nor has it ever tried to, believing itself to be above the 'psychosis of democracy'.§!\n
Plechavičius' Clique
Plechavičius' Clique\n§LAfter the failure of the civilian government to prevent the death of King Vytautas, General Povilas Plechavičius has stepped up and taken control of the government. Focused only on the survival and stability of Lithuania, he has no qualms about allies or methods.§!\n
Geležinis Vilkas
Geležinis Vilkas\n§LThe Iron Wolf, or 'Voldemarininkai' are followers of Augustinas Voldemaras and his militant and ultranationalist teachings. For a long time, they have formed the main part of the LAF's armed operations. The Iron Wolf's vision of a perfect Lithuanian state has been best expressed by one of the organisation's chief ideologues, cavalry officer Juozas Tomkus: 'The Weltkrieg and the years after have proven two things - that all wars from here on out will be won by not just arms and regular troops, but the mobilisation of the entire nation for war; and that Lithuania is destined to end up at war eventually, and anyone foolish enough to believe that these are times of peace has no place in the country. The only way for Lithuania to survive is for it to become an army - from the man in the front to the woman in the back, from the professor in the laboratories and worker in the factories, every single person and every single resource must be dedicated to national defence. Every single Lithuanian must be trained to wield a weapon and know his place in the armed nation. Such a nation will be completely unassailable and impossible to destroy.'§!\n
Vairas
Vairas\n§LVairas is a movement formed around writer Vytautas Alantas. Their main belief is the creation of a purely national ideology, one that would be entirely Lithuanian with no foreign elements, and so encompassing that Lithuanians would be liberated not only politically, but also culturally. Their Second National Revival will look back into Lithuania's pagan traditions, which, in Alantas's eyes, are the truest expression of Lithuanian national identity - it idealises a dream where the Lithuanian nation is subservient to a truly nationalist society under a single unquestioned leader, the Vadas, whose citizens are willing to give their life for the Nation, which worships traditions of time immemorial instead of 'the psychosis of democracy'. Despite their totalitarian intentions, it maintains liberal economic intentions, its leaders such as Domas Cesevičius expressing that a Lithuanian National Revival must create a society where every Lithuanian can achieve well-being through his own effort and individual innovation.§!\n
Naujoji Romuva
Naujoji Romuva\n§LNaujoji Romuva began as offspring within the Lithuanian Christian Democratic movement, but under Antanas Maceina they drifted into more radical politics. Inspired by integralism and distributism, the Young Catholic movement identifies its prime enemy as social and economic injustice. Maceina calls for radical land reform, redistribution of wealth and the uprooting of 'bourgeois-liberal thought' from the Lithuanian identity. Even the Catholic Church would not be safe from redistribution - after all, one can worship Christ without gold and silk, so why should the Church hold onto its wealth when there is so much suffering they could alleviate? In place of capitalism, they push forward a society of economic democracy and Christian corporatism. However, they challenge syndicalists and social democrats alike by declaring that only an ethnically pure society can be socially and economically just. To them, Lithuania can only be Lithuanian, and a Lithuanian must live and die immersed in national and Catholic culture. While the Naujoji Romuva nominally believe in democracy, they also express that 'temporary' strong hand leadership is necessary and even mandatory to achieve all of their radical reforms.§!\n
Unpopular Monarch
The Architect King
The Warrior King
Legitimacy: $RIGHT|+=%%0$.
At least $RIGHT|Y%%0$ Legitimacy
More than §H60%§! Radicalism
Federalisation: $RIGHT|+=%%0$.
At least $RIGHT|Y%%0$ Federalisation Progress
Merge §H$LIT_political_democracy$§! and §H$LIT_economic_democracy_idea$§! into §H$LIT_optimal_system_idea$§!\nEffective change:\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_GAIN$: [?0.1|+=]\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: [?0.1|+=%]
LAF Threat: $RIGHT|-=%%0$.
More than $RIGHT|Y%%0$ LAF Threat
§H$LIT_LAF_guerilla_activity$§! will time out 30 days earlier.
§H$LIT_LAF_guerilla_activity$§! will time out 15 days later.
Centralisation: $RIGHT|+=%%0$.
More than $RIGHT|Y%%0$ Centralisation
A §Rvote§! will take place, determining the future of Lithuania
A Compromise Has Been Struck
Adds §C25§! to federal strength in Białystok
Adds §C25§! to federal strength in Suwalki
§CFederalisation§! is accepted in Białystok.
Zyndram-Kościałkowski's group has been infiltrated
The strength of the §CFederalisation Effort§! must be at least $RIGHT|Y%%0$.
§YThis action will boost the strength of the§! §CFederation§!
A coalition of the two major parties, led by §YStanisław Narutowicz§! will take over Lithuania.
General §YPovilas Plechavičius§! will restore stability to Lithuania!
§H[206.GetName]§!, §H[207.GetName]§!, §H[204.GetName]§!, §H[95.GetName]§!, §H[194.GetName]§!, and §H[1087.GetName]§! gain state modifier §HBelarusian Autonomy§!, which grants ($MODIFIER_LOCAL_MANPOWER$: §G+25%§!, $MODIFIER_LOCAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: §G+25%§!).\n
Another project is being worked on.
The LAF has been defeated by the military!
The LAF has been defeated by the police!
Economic Projects
A Minor Port
For centuries, Lithuania has not had a port adequate to serve its people, and after the end of the Weltkrieg, it was even banned from ever acquiring one. The Germans have forced us to use the ports of Memel and Riga instead of building our own, to their benefit. However, Lithuanian diplomacy has achieved a victory in the form of the Palanga Agreement, which allows us to develop the port of Palanga to serve as our window to the sea.
Invest in Marijampolė
Marijampolė is a rural countryside town which was the centre of the Lithuanian National Revival - and is so solidly Lithuanian. However, it has little in the way of industry - but this is something we can easily resolve.
The Samogitia Highway
Infrastructure is the backbone of our nation's recovery. Sponsoring this project will create jobs and capital, which the state is in desperate need of.
The Southern Highway
Further connection of the Autobahn to Lithuania's southern states will allow for the easy flow of goods from Ukraine and Poland. This will also assist with the southern states' further reliance on the Vilnius.
Improve Šiauliai's Infrastructure
Water pipes, telephone networks and other necessities are needed to bring sleepy Šiauliai in the 20th Century.
Białystok Labour Initiative
Funding should be directed to the industries of southern Lithuania to keep them afloat and establish new places to work. This may also alleviate tension between the Polish and Jewish population of Białystok.
Invest in Vawkavysk
Since the creation of the Kingdom of Lithuania, the Valkaviskas industry has faded into obscurity. We should promote investment in the industry in the region again, with its ironworks being the main goal of this investment.
The Architect King
The passions of the King have always been art and architecture, rather than governance. Away from the political battles of the Kingdom, he spends his time crafting increasingly complex projects that he, as the sovereign, can put into reality. Some see this as a frivolous waste of time, others believe that it's an innocent enough programme and should be allowed to continue. Whichever view of the King will prevail, only time will tell.\n\nLegitimacy: [?LIT_legitimacy|+%%0]
A Monument to Emilia Plater
Upon learning about the legendary figure of Countess Emilia Plater, the King has seen to set it upon himself to commission a monument to her. Although the town has changed since the days of the Countess, his efforts may not be received as well by the locals...
The Knygnešiai Memorial
The King has learnt of the humble Knygnešiai (book smugglers). These individuals would smuggle in Lithuanian literature from Lithuania Minor into Lithuania during the days of the Tsar, where the Lithuanian language was banned and having such articles was punishable by death. The King has decided to build a memorial within Palanga dedicated to their bravery.
The Church of St. Joseph the Betrothed
The King on his daily walks through the capital finds himself drawn to that one depressing little church...
The Year of 1918
The year of 1918 was a year of trepidation for the King. It is the year when he was heavily wounded during his service in the German army during the Weltkrieg, and also the year when his father accepted the mantle of King in Lithuania. Many saw the King's father as a kind ruler and he had the respect of his subjects and the Seimas, something the King has yet to obtain. With this in mind, a monument to his late father will prove to be one of the greatest challenges the King has faced...
The King's Model Town
Suwałki. This small town has been selected by the King to be the prototype for his Model Town. Some say that the King is overstepping his role as a King with this project and believe the funds could be spent better elsewhere. Time will tell how this project pans out...
Memorial to Władysław Syrokomla
Władysław Syrokomla, once viewed as a Polish poet, is now viewed by many as a model 'Polish-Lithuanian'. His views personify the concept of being Polish-Lithuanian with his works being translated into both Lithuanian and Belarusian languages.
The Palace of the Grand Dukes
Now that the King has proven his worth, he wishes to finally move onto his final project... the Palace of the Grand Dukes.
Plumbing and Electrification
Construct the Embassy Quarters
Construct the Living Quarters
Renovate the Vilnius Cathedral
Inaugurate the Palace
The LAF Insurgency
Hiding in the dense forests across the country, the LAF insurgents are as deadly as they are elusive. Striking vital points of the country such as railroads and factories, they wage a brutal guerrilla war to protest our government's ties with the German Empire. With intelligence low on their whereabouts, predicting if the insurgents will attack or not will be a genuinely strenuous affair. While the LAF is not strong enough to challenge the government's authority, constant government inaction may lead to unforeseen consequences for the Lithuanian nation...\n\n§RLAF Threat§!: [?LIT_LAF_threat|0-%%]
LAF Guerrilla Activity
The Lithuanian Activist Front garners attention to its nationalist message with violent activity across Lithuanian towns and cities - from secret guerrilla cells, they organise raids against police stations, weapons caches, and members of the government.
The Fraying Front
We have demolished most of LAF's combat organisation. The core leadership is still at loose, however - but we believe that the movement will crumble under enough pressure. We will not stop hunting their leaders, not until someone budges.
Secure Maceina's Cooperation
It appears that Antanas Maceina has come out of hiding after the raid of Kauno Radiofonas, and is wishing to speak to Šalkauskis. The first crack within the LAF has been made - or could it be Maceina wishing to save his own hide?
Capture Alantas
With the location of Vytautas Alantas obtained, it appears this has been leaked to the more militant members of the Ateitis. The Ateitis have more reason than most to see Alantas and his followers, the Vairininkai, removed due to their actions against Ateitininkai-affiliated Priests. Though Šalkauskis is against such actions, it appears those militant members are taking matters into their own hands.
Counterinsurgency Raids
The police have been working tirelessly to find out the supporters of LAF - and every time new names pop up, security forces will be deployed rapidly to catch the terrorists.
Sweep the Countryside
It is a well-known fact that supporters of the LAF have been seeking refuge in the countryside. We must sweep the villages and the forests from LAF's hideouts and weapon caches.
Erode Nationalist Support
The LAF will forever be a threat to Lithuania, our Lithuania, if we do not support those who seek comfort in their ideals. We must win the hearts and minds of the peasantry and unveil the terrors LAF has inflicted on the common people.
Demoralisation Campaign
Policy of divide and conquer has proven effective in handling the insurgency. By promising less harsh punishments for ordinary activists, and by showcasing the constant failures of their leadership, many of the radicals have started to question their motivations.
Enact the Police Act
Law enforcement within Lithuania currently lacks any form of centralisation. Passing the proposed Police Act in the Seimas would allow for this to happen, potentially leading to LAF attacks becoming less frequent.
Indiscriminate Arrests
To best deter the Lithuanian Activist Front, one must target its whole membership. Rounding up a large number of people will allow the military to capture a few members at least, even if some caught in the net might be innocent.
Intensify Military Presence
By posting soldiers at villages, creating checkpoints, there is a larger chance of capturing LAF shipments or members.
Rural Outreach Campaigns
To combat the popularity of the LAF among the rural population, the Asis regime will start a rural outreach campaign, engaging local community leaders.
Provide Economic Assistance
Poverty is a hotbed of radicalism, and thus radicalism in the short term can be directly fought with money.
Arm Polish Militias
The LAF is explicitly targeting minorities, which currently can't defend themselves. Arming the Polish militias would reduce the strain on government forces.
Tears Among the Left
While the LKDP guides itself by Šalkauskis's federal-corporatist principles, and the LTS knows that they want to establish a unitary state with Smetona at the helm, the defining feature of Steponas Kairys's left-wing coalition is that it is undecided on what they want to achieve. Should the King remain or be forced to abdicate? Is their goal a social democratic welfare state or a path to Syndicalism? Are they here to break Lithuania free from Germany or begrudgingly accept that it's impossible? These questions and many others plague the loose coalition formed by Steponas Kairys from the very beginning, and they will need to be answered in the following years. For many, Social Democrats are associated with their brutish opposition to the monarchy and their contacts with Lithuanian syndicalism. As time passes, this perception of radicalism may either be vindicated or proven wrong.\n\nThe current §RPerceived Radicalism§! of the government is [?LIT_radicalism|1+%%]
Start the Revolution
The time is right! Let us throw our shackles aside and join the ranks of the Syndicalist nations as their newest member!
Third Internationale Propaganda
By having members of our coalition downplay the threat of the Syndicalist Internationale and state that they are an ideology of peace, we will appear more radical in the eyes of society.
Commit to the Reichspakt
By having members of our coalition explain that our coalition remains committed to a lasting friendship with Germany, we can downplay rumours of our radical turn.
Encourage Agricultural Cooperatives
We can improve the efficiency of agriculture by encouraging peasantry to form cooperatives and work together for mutual gain - however, for conservative landowners, this is nothing short of Syndicalism.
Combat Nationalist Sentiment
We can restore stability in the country with a propaganda campaign to combat nationalist and conservative sentiment, but this will certainly rouse suspicion from the general population.
Rightwing Complaints
As long as we do not do anything to satisfy the centrist liberal Santara, our government's work will suffer.
Make Peace with Santara
We may have different ideological goals and visions, but, in the end, both of our parties are united in liberty, freedom and hatred towards the old order. We must make amends with Santara, accept their demands and scale down our reforms for the good of us all.
Break Up Santara
We have no need for those pathetic centrist liberals anymore. Exert our pressure upon Santara, break up the party from within and collect their left-wing members to our party - this will maintain our majority in the Seimas, while our promises to our moderate allies can be safely forgotten.
Leftwing Complaints
As long as our radical left wing continues to feel alienated, our government work will suffer.
Appease the Radicals
The radical left wing of the LSDP, united around Galinis, is an important faction and must be represented in government work. Let us reshuffle the ministries and institute some of their less radical proposals as policy.
Crack Down on Syndicalism
It is about time we rooted out the Syndicalist sympathisers among our ranks! Let us begin a crackdown on the radical wing of our party and grind their influence down so they no longer impede our work.
Define the Party Programme
The Social Democratic Party of Lithuania has consistently adapted its party programme to fit with the times. Steponas Kairys's 'On the Questions of Our Party Programme' in 1929 cleared up several questions on the party's policy - most notably, while it did not abandon the idea of an impending socialist revolution, it moderated to allow for work in a democratic state before the conditions for socialism can be achieved. It is about time to define this stance further and choose whether to maintain it or abandon it.
Subordinate the Army
The Royal Lithuanian Armed Forces have historically been a haven for right-wing nationalism, and as time passes and our conflict with the far right turns increasingly violent, even a military coup is no longer out of question. We must act in haste and subordinate the Lithuanian military under civilian jurisdiction and socialist thought.
Appoint Vincas Vitkauskas
Out of the Lithuanian officer corps, General Vincas Vitkauskas is the man most sympathetic to our socialist ideals. To ensure that the Lithuanian armed forces are subordinated under the civilian government, we should appoint him as the Chief of Staff of the army. No worries, he should be able to continue Raštikis's reforms.
The Optimal System
The new Prime Minister's 'Optimal System' stands upon two pillars - democratic corporatism and federal restructuring. These pillars further stem from his Christian values, influence from Distributism, and belief that Lithuania is a unique fusion of Eastern and Western cultures and should preserve both.\n\nUnder his guidance, the LKDP will seek to guide the federation of corporate federations in economics, culture and society, make amends with Lithuania's minorities and grant them wide-reaching cultural autonomy, and reform the political system from the ground up. The Seimas, according to the project, shall be divided into three Houses - a universally elected 'House of Ideological Communities', a 'Little Seimas' composed of Federal representatives, and a 'House of Corporations' directly elected from trade unions, business owners, and agricultural communities. Each of the three Houses of the Seimas will appoint five ministries, all of whom will be controlled by the State Control Commission and finally overseen by the King.\n\nThe ultimate goal of the project is to form an 'optimal state', one where the voice of any citizen is heard, one whose inhabitants identify with 'Lithuania' as a concept rather than one of many numerous ethnic groups, much like they had in the Grand Duchy centuries past.\n\nThis state, according to Šalkauskis's vision, will serve as a bridge between East and West and lead all of humanity to a new age.\n\n§CFederalisation Progress§!: [?LIT_federalisation|0+]%
Encourage Free Debate
A pluralistic, democratic state cannot thrive unless as many of its citizens as possible are able to engage in free, democratic debate and exchange of ideas.
Promote Political Corporations
Political corporations, organisations founded with the purpose of mutual cooperation in politics, culture and the economy, are the lifeblood of a pluralistic state and must be promoted.
Liberalise the Press
We must recognise that even the most scathing remarks of the press are an expression of free speech, and promote free, conscious debate in the Lithuanian media.
Pass Labour Safety Laws
To protect the Lithuanian people from the exploitation of Mammonic Capitalism, we must impose strict work safety laws and encourage our workers to unionise in order to protect their rights.
Establish Cooperatives
A cooperative is a democratic form of economic organisation, which does not exploit its citizens and operates with Christian compassion, rather than brutal drive for wealth. We should seek to eventually organise our economy under cooperative lines.
Wealth Redistribution Taxes
It is the nature of a good Christian to not hoard wealth to oneself, but instead share it with those in need. Not all of us follow this ideal, but this is where the intervention of the state is necessary to ensure a fair and just society.
Compromise with the Bund
Šalkauskis, a man of Christian principles, is setting in motion a compromise between himself and the Litvak-led Bund
Form Northern Polish Corporate Federations
The ultimate goal of the Optimal System is a compassionate and inclusive system where all citizens are able to express their concerns and democratic will through social, economic and political corporations. We can implement this experiment among the northern Polish communities that mainly reside in Vilnius.
Form Southern Polish Corporate Federations
The ultimate goal of the Optimal System is a compassionate and inclusive system where all citizens are able to express their concerns and democratic will through social, economic and political corporations. We can implement this experiment among the southern Polish communities that mainly reside in Białystok.
Form Belarusian Corporate Federations
The ultimate goal of the Optimal System is a compassionate and inclusive system where all citizens are able to express their concerns and democratic will through social, economic and political corporations. We can implement this experiment among the Belarusian communities with Valkaviskas.
Form Litvak Corporate Federations
The ultimate goal of the Optimal System is a compassionate and inclusive system where all citizens are able to express their concerns and democratic will through social, economic and political corporations. We can implement this experiment among the Litvak communities, which reside throughout Lithuania.
Centralisation of Lithuania
Through cunning and guile, Antanas Smetona and the LTS have established a right-wing coalition with the old guard of the LKDP. His goal is to move Lithuania away from Berlin's machinations, increase its independence in foreign and domestic affairs, and preserve Lithuanian culture from unwanted influences. Ambitious and power-hungry, Smetona dreams of centralising the state under his whim and accepting no equals, but has to walk a fine line. He still serves at the King's will and his coalition in the Seimas is not uniform.\n\n§CCentralisation§!: [?LIT_centralisation|0+%%]
Promote a Strong Government
With the previous reforms made by Smetona proving to be successful in overcoming Black Monday. It appears that Smetona's propaganda machine is using this to win more of the public over, especially those in the capital.
Solidify Control in the North
The core backbone of the LTS party is the rural Lithuanian population of the north, though this is also shared with the more radical members of the LTS, and the LAF.
Solidify Control of Sudovia
The Suvalkija region has always had a distinct cultural identity from their northern brethren. As part of the centralisation efforts, the government will promote a unitary Lithuanian language and education system in the region.
Secure Kaunas
Kaunas has traditionally been solidly Lithuanian, and it is not hard to win their support from Smetona's policies - they stand on the winning side, after all.
Secure Vilnius
Traditionally, the LTS political heartland has been Šiauliai and its surrounding rural area. Now Smetona seeks to align those who reside in the nation's capital to his party, which is no easy feat. Promotion of the Lithuanian language and programmes designed to promote immigration of Lithuanians to the city.
Secure Gardinas
Gardinas is a city whose population once filled with Lithuanians is now filled with Litvaks and Belarusian. With the Litvaks promoting the use of Lithuanian in the city, we must make the use of Belarusian as archaic as the term 'Litvin', which some of them like to call themselves.
Abolish Valkaviskas' Autonomy
Unlike Gardinas, Valkaviskas residents still more or less use Belarusian in their day-to-day activities. These people appear to be linguistically torn between looking to Vilnius or Minsk to define themselves. With this in mind, Smetona wishes to ensure they are looking to Vilnius only...
Abolish Białystok's Autonomy
When Białystok was joined with the Kingdom of Lithuania, guarantees were made to respect the cultural autonomy of the Poles. This was a grave mistake and has made Lithuania weaker. No more shall they enjoy special treatment!
Lithuanian-Belarusian Relations
With their country occupied, the government of [BLR.GetNameDef] fled to our lands, hoping to continue the fight from here. This opens up a great opportunity to deepen relations with our friendly neighbour, and perhaps revive an old idea where our nations fought our enemies together.
Łastoŭski's Speech
Vacłaŭ Łastoŭski, leader of the Belarusian far-right, has been an outspoken supporter of Lithuanian-Belarusian unity for decades. Letting him speak in the Seimas may convince our politicians that the idea isn't as far-fetched as previously imagined.
Joint Bund Meeting
The General Jewish Labour Bund has been active along the Jewish community of both nations, playing an immense role in the cultural and political development of that people. Convincing the Belarusian Bund, which represents large parts of that country's urban population, that closer ties with Lithuania will help protect their community will increase the chances of success of this project.
Negotiate with the Belarusian Government
With support for the project growing, we can begin negotiating with the Belarusian government and convince them to agree to a federation between our two nations. This will take some time and effort, as we have to find an agreement satisfactory to both nations before we can proceed.
Form the Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
Long live the brotherly union of Lithuanian and Belarusian Peoples!
Autonomy for the Belarusians
With the Belarusian heartlands firmly in our control, it is clear that we do not have the means to rule them as a unitary part of our state. It would therefore be wise, and popular, to grant the Belarusians autonomy within domestic matters.
Federalisation of Lithuania
Narutowicz sees himself as a man of pragmatism, and as such has looked to other nations in Europe who themselves also have a multi-ethnic population. [BEL.getname] was one such nation, but on closer review, the Flemish culture is still largely underrepresented within the nation. Switzerland appears to be the benchmark that Narutowicz is now using to create his vision of a new Lithuania, though many wish to challenge this concept.\n\nFederal Cohesion: [?lit_var_swiss_conf|0+]\n\nBelow indicates the support of the formation of federal states within the below-listed regions\nVilnius: [?lit_var_swiss_conf_vil|0+]\nKaunas: [?lit_var_swiss_conf_kau|0+]\nŽemaitija: [?lit_var_swiss_conf_sam|0+]\nSuvalkai: [?lit_var_swiss_conf_suw|0+]\nBiałystok: [?lit_var_swiss_conf_bia|0+]\nValkaviskas: [?lit_var_swiss_conf_val|0+]\n\nFederalisation Effort: [?lit_var_swiss_conf|0+%%]
The Great Compromise
With the assistance of the members of the Santara, Narutowicz is moving to reform Lithuania, and wishes this to be an effort by both the LKDP and the LSDP.
Bundas Consideration
The Bundas has now become the main representation of the Jewish community with the Kingdom, under the leadership of Shlomo Kleit. Minor cracks remain within the organisation, with certain members still pro-Zionist in their views, though their numbers are dwindling. Though it would appear Kleit wishes to again exert some political muscle..
Removing with an Old Thorn
That 'skurwysyn', that bastard Zyndram-Kościałkowski is up to something again and this time, he will be dealt with...
Sleepy Valkaviskas
Whilst Lithuania was devouring itself with civil strife, the people of Valkaviskas just got about their business thanks to their distance from the capital, and that they don't full under the direct privy of any major faction. The major issue it seems for the administration is what they identify themselves as
Infiltration of Zyndram-Kościałkowski Cabal
With direct action not having the desired effects with the LAF, the government has again been advised by Raštikis urging for a less direct approach...
Arrest Zyndram-Kościałkowski
The time to strike is now, we must arrest that Polish Demagogue, and deal with the fallout as it comes
Join Our Baltic Brothers
We are not the only ones finally free of the German yoke, but without allies. Our Baltic brothers to the north are in a similar position to ourselves, and surely would accept a formal military alliance.
Linkaičių artilerijos dirbtuvės
Vilniaus universitetas
Sanitas
Lietuvos arsenalas
Lietuvos geležinkeliai
ANBO
Nacionalinės artilerijos dirbtuvės
Klaipeda Shipyard
Daimler-Benz Lietuvos
Black Monday
The Berlin Stock Market has collapsed and so has our economy, due to its close ties to the German market. German companies are pulling out from our cities and unemployment is rising. Significant reforms and an economic realignment will have to take place before we can claim that our economy is recovered again.
German Economic Dominance
Due to Lithuania's proximity to Germany and its Oststaat status in the Reichspakt, the economy of the Kingdom is dominated by German investors. Local Lithuanian businesses and corporations are either bought out or struggle to compete with their foreign opponents, while much of Lithuanian production is siphoned to Berlin.
Increased Welfare
With a system of mandatory healthcare insurance adopted, the country can move towards a path of increased welfare and care for the common man.
Agrarian Tax Relief
Agricultural Revival
Thanks to successful agricultural reforms, the Lithuanian countryside has undergone an agricultural revival. Agribusinesses have been broken up, and free homesteads, the Vienkiemiai, have surpassed them in efficiency.
Cultural Divide
A deep cultural, social and religious rift is running through the Kingdom of Lithuania. It is home to Lithuanians, Poles, Belarusians and Jews - and those are only the largest and most notable ethnic groups contained within its borders. The Lithuanians themselves barely make up a majority of the population, and the leadership in Vilnius is constantly forced to cut deals and make amends to Polish and Belarusian communities. This stability is hanging by a thread and only significant reforms will be able to salvage it.
Welfare State
Significant welfare reforms and social spending have built up the foundations for a welfare state on Lithuanian soil.
Social Economy
The success of our comprehensive reforms has allowed the social, economic and cultural life of the country to recover and develop towards a golden age.
Long Road to Pluralism
§RRadicalism:§! [?LIT_radicalism|1+%%]
Military Funding Cuts
The Social Democratic government has chosen to slash the budget for the Royal Lithuanian Defence Forces in order to fund large-scale programmes, hampering the fighting capacity of the army.
Free Economy
The Lithuanian economy has been put under light state management, granting freedom to corporate unions and citizens in the economy.
Political Democracy
The government of Stasys Šalkauskis has sworn to lead Lithuania towards radical change, a truly democratic, pluralistic and integral state, which will turn Lithuania into a bridge between East and West. The Seimas will have to be reformed, the society organised according to federations of citizens, cultural autonomy granted to all and the state organised according to Christian values.
Economic Democracy
The second of the principles of the Optimal System is Economic Democracy, calling for the right to organised labour and cooperation in the name of the common good. The Lithuanian people must be masters of their own well-being and work as brethren, not as wage slaves.
Šalkauskis' Optimal System
You may speak different languages, you may follow different creeds, you may hold different views, but, ultimately, all of you are Lithuanian. To be Lithuanian is not to speak the Lithuanian language or to have Lithuanian parents. It is, like our ancestors declared, to swear your loyalty to the Kingdom of Lithuania and no one else.\n\nNow let us hope this project stays afloat a few decades down the line...
Agrarian Traditions
It is the lowly farmer who is the backbone of the Lithuanian nation, not the industrialist, the aristocrat or the foolish leftist intellectual. Our Tautos Vadas knows this, and has chosen to guide our nation to rejuvenate these agrarian traditions.
Corporatist Economy
Sycophantic, capitalist businesses cannot be trusted to make well-being for everyone. A state-planned economy shall rejuvenate the Lithuanian nation and bring a chicken to the pot of every citizen.
Unitary State
Our policy of soft Lithuanisation is bearing fruit. The Lithuanian language is becoming the lingua franca of the Kingdom, overtaking German, and is heard more and more often across our cities.
Tautos Vadas
Our policy of soft Lithuanisation is bearing fruit. The Lithuanian language is becoming the lingua franca of the Kingdom, overtaking German, and is heard more and more often across our cities. Few question the authority of Antanas Smetona, the Tautos Vadas. There are still holdouts in the south, but they will be dealt with in time.\n\nNow let us hope this project stays afloat a few decades down the line...
Aftermath of the Coup
National Mobilisation
Nationalist Fanaticism
The Wolf's State
Corporate Nation-State
National Purity
Nationalist Equality
Nationalist Welfare
Martial Law
Martial law has been declared across Lithuania to allow the Army and Police to fight the LAF threat.
Military Governance
While the military is in control of everyday life in Lithuania, they are proving not up to the task.
Partial Civilian Administration
The Lithuanian Army has enlisted the help of sympathetic politicians and civil servants to ensure stability in the country.
Partial Civilian Administration
$LIT_military_governance_2_desc$ Propaganda is sweeping into everyday life, including classrooms.
Partial Civilian Administration
$LIT_military_governance_2_desc$ Propaganda featuring the King is a part of everyday life.
Partial Civilian Administration
$LIT_military_governance_2_desc$ Propaganda is sweeping into everyday life, including classrooms, and workers are being worked overtime.
Partial Civilian Administration
$LIT_military_governance_2_desc$ Workers are working longer hours than ever, under the posters with King Mindaugas III on them.
Lithuania Marches On
Lithuania was on the brink of collapse just a short time ago. Now it stands as tall as a nation, ready to take any on any challenge.
Militarised Economy
To prepare for any coming war, Lithuania needs weapons, and must improve its arms industry.
Militarised Economy
$LIT_military_economy_1_desc$ The country has chosen to fund new small businesses for this purpose.
Militarised Economy
$LIT_military_economy_1_desc$ The country has chosen to entrench existing monopolies for this purpose.
Working on Black Monday
The Industrial Council is currently working on relieving the effects of Black Monday. While this will improve the economy in the long term, the measures are harsh in the short term.
Weapon Parts From Germany
Having increased the railway capacity to Germany, more weapon parts can be imported.
Supply to the East
As Lithuania does not border Russia, proper supply chains have been built in preparation for the war.
Improved Weapon Logistics
Now, after proper investment, German weapon parts can easily be assembled and shipped to Lithuanian units fighting in the war.
Temporary Regency
With an emergency session held in the Seimas, [LIT.GetSecondInCommand] has been granted temporary Regency powers to steer the country back on track.
Regent Narutowicz
As resolving the LAF threat takes precedence, Narutowicz has taken the appropriate measures to create a more permanent Regent position till the order is restored.
Republic Declared
After the death of the childless King Vytautas, the Seimas has chosen to proclaim a Republic in Lithuania, while still staying in the sphere of Germany.
Recovering Industry
With the active LAF threat removed, the government has invested in rebuilding the damages caused by the uprising.
Radical Land Reform
To ensure the support for his federation in rural areas, Narutowicz has turned to radical land reforms, shattering the status quo in the countryside.
Supporting the Agrarian Sector
With small grants for farmers to buy equipment and fertiliser and by providing a support network for selling their goods, the Lithuanian agrarian sector has begun growing.
Trade Schools Funded
Not all people of Lithuania can obtain a degree, but with trade schools being opened up in rural areas, the mechanisation of the agricultural sector carries on.
Formalised Bundas Status
In an effort to ensure that both the Government and Bundas both benefit from each other, Narutowicz has promoted the legalisation for the Bundas to become a legal entity, though this is a move mostly to ensure the more 
Promote Christian Unity
We are all united by One God, One Christ who died, and One Spirit. Any and all other divisions upon the earth are man-made, a result of humanity's fall in the Garden of Eden. We must remind our people of this truth...
Minority Representation
We are a nation with many different peoples, and it would be unjust to deny any of them appropriate representation within the government whose duty it is to care for all Lithuanians.
The Yield of Federation
Through an emulation of the Swiss system, Narutowicz has brought Lithuania the level of stability that has been sorely needed since its independence.
Compromise Welfare Deal
A 'Compromise' welfare deal has been agreed on by the Ašis coalition, allowing for much-needed support for the Lithuanian people.
Reworked Welfare
The Ašis has come to a deal and has expanded the previous welfare reforms of the Bistras government.
Self Reliance
Further compromises with the right aligned Ašis members has ensured Lithuania will not be found wanting, though at a price of some worker rights.
Polish Irredentism Rising
Polish Irredentism Squashed
Białystok Cooperation
Disorganised Army
The army is in an utter mess. Soldiers are prone to disobeying orders from their officers frequently, and officers are equally undisciplined. Equipment in the military is archaic, with some weapons even pre-dating the Weltkrieg. The Lithuanian army is in urgent need of reform, and we cannot delay this further.
Reformed Army
The Lithuanian Army has been successfully reformed and is now no less effective than the armed forces of its neighbours.
Lithuanian Riflemen Union
The Lithuanian Riflemen Union (our paramilitary organisation in the likes of the Finnish White Guard) has been successfully integrated into the Lithuanian army, serving as the army's branch in civil society and a stepping stone towards military service. This will significantly enhance our military capabilities.
Death or Dishonour
There are several things that people of Lithuania have in common, one being the hatred of the tyrants of the East, and the many forms it takes...
Home Defence
To defend one's fatherland in the hour of its need may as well be one of the most notable traits of any Lithuanian. In these troubled times, men and women must rally to the cause and defend each soil of our beloved nation!
Movement Warfare
Experience in the Weltkrieg made many realise the days of the riflemen and trenches will lead to nothing but casualties and attrition. Speed is critical, and proponents of mechanised warfare have advocated for their use to break enemy lines with unparalleled firepower.
New Tank Blueprints
Through Bofors AB, Lithuanian Officers have secured a deal with Swedish tank designers. At a premium cost, we will purchase modern tanks from Sweden, giving us the quality of Scandinavian workmanship. Tanks like the Stridsvagn m/38 will be the forefront of a modern Lithuanian cavalry.
New Tank Blueprints
Experience in the Weltkrieg has shown us that we will need to invest in tanks to break the stalemate of trench warfare. Tanks will become the spearhead of modern armies, and if we want a modern army, we need to have Lithuanian tanks. We have acquired several licences for German tank designs, allowing us to kickstart a local armour production industry.
New Tank Blueprints
The Bohemian company Škoda has designed the ČKD JP vz. 35/38, a light tank suitable for playing a supporting role on the battlefield. We will purchase several with variations attached and give them the name of LTL. This will ensure that the Lithuanian army is equipped with modern tanks to serve on the battlefield.
Military Contracts
Lithuania lacks much of the great industry that allows us to produce artillery. Military contracts with neighbouring countries have been procured, allowing for the production of local support artillery.
German Aviation Officers
Lithuania's air force is seriously behind compared to Europe, and we do not have many trained officers to instruct newer recruits. Retired officers of the German air force have been invited to Lithuania to serve as advisors for our fledgling air force.
Žaliukai
The Žaliukai, or 'Greens', are the name of the new military formation whose expertise lies in using the vast forests of Lithuania as a means to hinder and harass the enemy. We will enlist men who show expertise in hunting and the forest. Like the 'Forest Brothers' of our northern neighbours, the Žaliukai will make the forests into a living hell for our enemies.
Jäger Detachments
As part of improving Lithuanian armed forces, some units have been reorganised into lighter, more mobile Jäger troops, inspired heavily by the Finnish method of elite infantry. These units are specialised in not only their marksmanship but also their ability to traverse rough terrain.
Shipbuilding Contracts
Lithuania's naval capabilities are rather limited. As part of our extensive reforms, we will improve shipbuilding in Lithuania by enlisting the help of foreign contracts. This will help ensure the modernity and reliability we need to monitor and protect the Baltic Sea.
Lithuania Focus Tree
The King's Speech
The King has been doodling architectural designs since his coronation, appearing malcontent with his position. After an extended period of seclusion, the King has stepped up to announce a new programme for a new year in the Kingdom.
Relieve the Farmers
A majority of the conglomerates that held great swathes of Lithuanian land are now liquidating their assets, deepening the agricultural crisis. The Seimas is now occupied discussing how to best approach the issue, but one thing is certain - farmer relief efforts should be started as soon as possible, lest this crisis worsen any further.
Loosen the Trade Restrictions
Restriction of commerce via Palanga is still a point of contention between Lithuania and its German overlord. Now, with the backing of local German businesses, we may present a wish to renegotiate the Palanga Agreement and hopefully return to Vilnius with a deal.
Support Struggling Workers
Ligonių kasų įstatymas - Law on Sickness Funds, which would mandate the establishment of public health insurance and thus allow the government to provide unpaid healthcare for the worst-off members of society.
Emergency Meeting of the Cabinet
Each and every day, Lithuania descends further into chaos. The age of Bistras's liberalism is over. It is time for the government to act.
Open the Coffers
Our budget reserve may be small, but it should be enough for some relief to the people. There is no point in maintaining budget austerity when the people are in need.
Chamber of Industry
To manage the transition of our economy towards independence, we must establish a state organ orchestrating this process. All businesses - Lithuanian, Polish, and Jewish alike - will be welcome to cooperate and join forces to grind German dominance to a halt.
Float the Lithuanian Mark
We must unbind the Lithuanian mark from the Reichsmark in order to allow us to inflate our currency and thus foster demand - at least, that is what the economists explained this would do.
Northern Land Fund
The northern regions of the country have a lot of vacated land and factories now abandoned by Germans. We must establish a Land Fund to distribute it to people who will be able to use it best.
Steel Industry Cooperatives
Lithuania has little heavy industry, as it would hardly pay off for any daring entrepreneur investing in it - however, orchestrating the creation of a state-owned cooperative of companies would grease the wheels significantly.
The New Seimas
The next Seimas election will surely be the most defining one in Lithuanian history. Even without the Black Monday crisis at hand, the LSDP and LTS have both grown powerful enough to challenge the LKDP hegemony.
LSDP Victory
The baton passes to the Social Democratic Party and its coalition of the left to form a government and manage Lithuania for the next four years.
Establish Unemployment Benefits
It is soul-crushing that hard-working Lithuanian workers are left to the mercy of German bankers. It is our moral duty to support the creation of unemployment funds for our loyal citizens.
Outer Lithuania Development Fund
We must establish a working relationship with corporations and business associations in southern Lithuania in order to provide recovery to its meagre, yet important, industrial base.
Nationalise the Construction Industry
The Lithuanian construction industry needs to be directed to work for the common man, not the business owner! Nationalise these industries and use them to establish a series of public works projects across the country.
Reform the Law on Sickness Funds
The Law on Sickness Funds needs to be reformed and its reach expanded to serve as the foundation for an all-Lithuanian welfare state.
A Social Economy
The economy of the Lithuanian state has been reformed according to the principles of social democracy, and the people rejoice.
Long Road to Pluralism
Elected by the people of Lithuania, the LSDP has sworn to amend the nation's cultural split with National Personal Autonomy. We shall establish a system in which no ethnic group is advantaged and every ethnic group can have access to autonomous cultural affairs.
Form Cultural Autonomies
The idea of National Cultural Autonomy rests upon granting each citizen a choice and each ethnic group autonomy in their own affairs. No longer will the government seek to impose a 'right' ethnic identity or language - Lithuanians, Poles, Jews, Russians, and other minorities will each autonomously govern their own affairs.
Freedom of Choice
To implement our idea of National Personal Autonomy, we must disjoin our citizens from the shackles of territory and grant them a choice of which ethnic assembly they seek to join. This choice will include their own choice of language to communicate with the government, the schooling programme of their autonomous assembly, and democratic elections to the leadership of each assembly.
Ban the Nationalist Union
What is the point of fighting off these nationalist agitators if we do not dare to strike at the root of the disease? The Nationalist Union is obviously a cover for nationalists to hide behind, and a democratic Lithuania does not need them.
Autonomous Cultural Taxation
As dictated by the idea of National Personal Autonomy, all cultural assemblies in Lithuania need to have the right to levy their own taxes upon their members in order to fund their own education programmes and cultural activities, with no intervention from the government. It is about time we saw this idea through.
Legalise the Aušrinė
Aušrinė (lit. 'Morning Star') is a syndicalist magazine that is quite popular amongst intellectuals and poets who call themselves 'Aušrininkai'. It was banned in 1923 due to its syndicalist agenda, but it led to a radicalisation of its members ever since. By legalising it we could attempt to de-radicalise its followers.
Status of the Bund
The Bund is an association of trade unions formed by the Jewish minority in our country. While the Bund is allied to the LSDP, the more radical elements within the party criticise them for their strong attachment to their religion and ethnicity, wanting to form a national trade union congress in order to erode the power of the Bund.
Curtail the Priesthood
The Priesthood in Lithuania has long been notoriously known for its influence on Lithuania's elections. Being rather politically active, they use their influence to convince their followers to vote for the LKDP. With the LSDP in charge, we now have the chance to curtail the Priesthood and keep them from further exercising their power against the interests of the people.
Review the Military Budget
The LSDP ran on many points in the election, one of them being to cut the military budget in order to invest more into social programmes to aid the Lithuanian workers and peasants. While the radicals demand drastic cuts to the military due to the army's hostility towards syndicalist elements, the more moderate coalition members would prefer to cut just enough to fund social programmes.
Increase Social Spending
The LSDP wishes to drastically expand the Lithuanian welfare state and invest more into the trade unions and social programmes in order to ease the after-effects of the Black Monday event. However, this has led to a heated discussion with the coalition partners who claim that anything beyond a minimum wage, pensions, and work safety regulations is too close to Syndicalism.
Court and Country
The Lithuanian court has always enjoyed a large degree of autonomy, being only so influential due to the Germans' grip upon our nation. With the electoral victory of the LSDP, we can now finally limit the power of the monarchy and expand upon the rights of the common people; we will be able to slowly transform Lithuania into a truly democratic state.
LKDP Victory
The baton passes to the renewed Christian Democratic Party to form a government and manage Lithuania for the next four years.
Renovate Kaunas
The Kaunas Naujamiestis ('New Town') requires immediate attention. The Freedom Alley requires expansion, new industries need to be established, and old buildings refurbished. By establishing public works projects, we can complete this project.
Bust Agrarian Monopolies
Throughout the 1930s, numerous farming conglomerates formed in the Lithuanian countryside, choking out small landowners with monopolistic practices. We must forcefully dissolve these monopolies in order to increase overall productivity.
Economic Devolution
The economic needs of every citizen must be fulfilled by autonomous associations, rather than harsh state management. Let us begin the devolution of the Lithuanian economy according to these principles.
Devolution in Białystok
The southern states and their peoples need to be freed from the shackles of capitalism as well! Let us begin establishing the new economic system in the Białystok region as well.
Review German Economic Privileges
Vilnius remains designated a free city for German economic development. It is time to address this status and see if we can renegotiate it for something more beneficial to us.
State-Owned Arms Industries
We should put the process of arms production and distribution in the hands of the government, rather than private contractors, and establish new arms industries.
A Free Economy
The economy of the Lithuanian state has been reformed according to the principles of Christian corporatism, and the people rejoice.
The Optimal System
Renewed under the Christian federalist wing of the party, the LKDP envisions a thorough restructuring of the Lithuanian state - one which would make it fully adhere to compassionate Christianity and alleviate ethnic tensions while also reforming the political system from the ground up.
Political Democracy
The first of the principles of the Optimal System is Political Democracy. The Lithuanian people must be adequately represented in the government and learn to rule themselves in all sections of life.
The Three-house Seimas
We must reform the Seimas into a parliament of three houses, representing the economic corporations, the cultural communities, and the political parties - allowing each citizen to have a say on who should rule them not just politically, but culturally and economically as well.
Federal Representatives
We have to orchestrate the creation of an electoral culture in the cultural autonomies and economic corporations, and foster the participation of the citizens to ensure that these federal representatives are as representative of their needs as the politicians elected from the parties.
Reform the Ministries
We need to establish a deep web of ministries, each of them representing the needs of one of the three Seimas houses and appointed by them, to ensure that the executive is subjugated by the legislature and represents the interests of the people.
Economic Democracy
The second of the principles of the Optimal System is Economic Democracy, calling for the right to organised labour and cooperation in the name of the common good. The Lithuanian people must be masters of their own well-being and work as brethren, not as wage slaves.
Central Chamber of Industry and Labour
To ensure the harmonious development of the Lithuanian economy, we have to create a Central Chamber of Industry and Labour, which will represent the employers and the employees and grant us a tool to direct the economy - with the needs of the average man in mind.
Support the Trade Unions
In all times when the conflict of the poor and the wealthy rises to the forefront, we must defend the poor. The trade union is the greatest achievement in the battle for social equity in the modern day, and though it has been hijacked by Syndicalists, we can nevertheless wield it for our noble goals.
Institute Workplace Democracy
A truly integral, democratic state must be democratic not only on political or cultural grounds, but economic ones as well. Let us mandate worker ownership of a percentage of all company assets to give them a say in how their workplace is run.
Cultural Democracy
The third of the principles of the Optimal System is Cultural Democracy. Lithuania is not just a Lithuanian nation. It is home to Poles, Belarusians and others, from whom we must learn as a bridge between East and West.
Reverse Cultural Assimilation
Cultural assimilation and subjugation is a venomous trait of the modern day, and there is no situation in which we can tolerate the oppression of other ethnic groups. We have to recognise that those who are now on the border between Poles, Lithuanians and Belarusians, such as 'Tutejszy', can continue speaking the language they please.
Choose a Common Language
Though we may dream of a society in cultural harmony, we have to accept that there are questions in which practical answers are needed. The language of instruction in education as well as in public life is one of these questions - and today, we shall answer it.
A Federation of Equals
We shall shun the veiled Lithuanian ethnic supremacy of the past decades and accept that the Poles, the Belarusians and everyone else are a part of 'Lithuania' as well. We can all learn from each other's cultural strengths and weaknesses to forge a greater whole.
A Dream Made Manifest
We have truly achieved a breakthrough in Lithuanian political thought. Like the pluralistic, harmonious societies of the West, we have integrated peoples of several languages into one state, and we have reformed the nation to truly represent their interests.
LTS Victory
The baton passes to the Nationalist Union and its moderate allies to form a government and manage Lithuania for the next four years.
Reinforce the Police Apparatus
Instability remains rife across the country. To create a balanced, orchestrated, state-controlled economy, we must ensure that the whole nation follows suit, and those who dissent are detained.
Bureaucratic Reforms
The people will love seeing corrupt, kleptocratic officials fired from their positions and replaced by more competent figures - securing our hold over the country at the same time, too.
Statist Economic Management
No longer shall decisions be made by those who do not have Lithuania first in their thoughts and hearts. We shall increase state management of the economy and establish controls over the industrial sector.
Agricultural Cooperatives
Lithuania's heart and soul lie in agriculture - we must support it with the creation of a system of agricultural cooperatives, which would foster camaraderie between the peasantry and improve their productive output.
A Corporate Economy
The economy of the Lithuanian state has been reformed according to the principles of statist corporatism, and the people rejoice.
Towards a Unitary State
If Lithuania is to survive the red tentacles of Syndicalism and the Bear in the east, it must be strong and united...
One Vision
As Smetona continues to fund programmes that promote the Lithuanian language, it appears the cultural split in the Kingdom is becoming less and less of a thing.
Censor the Press
Smetona and his inner circle have begun to draft up new censorship laws, which they state will keep the Lithuanian way of life from being tainted by those who wish to see it fall.
Education Programmes
As part of Smetona's new reforms to educate the 'Model Lithuanian', many education reforms have been put into place. The government will increase funding to schools and institutes to encourage research and intellectualism to develop in Lithuania. These reforms will enable the use of Lithuanian in schools and focus on expanding the research wings of Lithuanian schools such as the Vilnius University to allow Lithuania to catch up with the rest of Europe.
Administrative Language Reforms
New administration language reforms are planning to be put in force to firstly make Lithuanian the language of the land. These reforms are seen as extreme, to say the least, removing autonomy for the minorities of the Kingdom. Smetona again appears to be rocking the boat, but to what end?
Reward Loyalty
By promoting programmes to minorities within Lithuania, Smetona hopes to mend the splits in Lithuanian society. Though of course, these programmes promote what Smetona views as being 'loyal' and of course, 'Lithuanian'.
Curtail the Bund
Smetona, unlike his other LTS party members, has always seen the Litvaks as a 'necessary evil', comparing them to the plumbing of a house. It is a required necessity, but requires maintenance.
Abolish the Seimas
The internal infighting of the Seimas has resulted in the Lithuanian people suffering due to their inaction. No longer, as Smetona seeks to remove this decrepit body of the Government once and for all.
Align the Military
Raštikis has expressed his distaste for any political influencing of the armed forces of Lithuania... Yet some of his officers are not so inclined.
Deal with the Privy Council
With the current threats all but removed, Smetona now must line up his next enemy - the King's Privy Council.
The Tautos Vadas
Smetona has reforged Lithuania into a unitary state, with the government centralised and looking to Vilnius. Compromises have been made, with the King still head of the Kingdom, but all know that the true power is behind the throne...
A New Direction
The Lithuanian Army is in utter tatters and is in desperate need of reforms. Soldiers are prone to taking 'extended' leaves, and officers are either undisciplined or simply untrained. As the clouds of war circle around Europe once more, Lithuania's army stands undoubtedly unprepared. Only through careful and extensive reforms will we modernise our army for the conflicts to come.
Gustaitis' Initiative
In an era of modern war, control of the skies will be of paramount importance. One of our most prominent officers, Antanas Gustaitis, plans to develop further and modernise our air force to ensure that Lithuania's pilots are among some of the world's best.
Reestablish Aviacijos Mokykla
One of the first phases of Gustaitis' reforms will be to re-establish the Aviacijos Mokykla or the 'Aviation School' in Kaunas. Here, recruits will be taught by seasoned air veterans to receive modern training and techniques in aerial warfare - ensuring that we will produce the finest of aces.
Invite German Aviation Advisors
Due to a lack of veteran Lithuanian pilots, we struggle to find experts to teach our developing air force. The Germans, of course, possess quite possibly one of the most modern air forces in the world. Hiring German advisors and veterans who have fought in conflicts worldwide, and are familiar with modern aircraft, will ensure that our pilots receive the best training possible.
Airborne Detachment
The concept of paratroopers is a relatively new one. By deploying soldiers from the air, one gains a tactical advantage by enabling their forces to attack entrenched enemies from behind or secure critical objectives with complete surprise. With the help of elite German advisors, we will create our paratrooper units, the 'Oro desanto būrys', to apply this concept to our military doctrine.
Radar Research
There are reports that the new technology of 'radar' has been developed in Germany - using radio waves to detect planes from afar. Given our proximity to Germany, Lithuania will capitalise on this new technology of 'Funkmessgerät' by building our own radar station. A crew of technicians, hand-picked for their intelligence and expertise in radio, will be employed to work at this site.
Fund the Army Aviation Workshops
Many of the Lithuanian Air Force planes are seriously outdated, with models dating back to the Weltkrieg. As a result, we will provide new grants and funding to the Karo Aviacijos Tiekimo Skyrius to ensure that our mechanics and designers have access to improved plane designs. With the new funding, our workshops will be able to copy and improve on new plane designs to ensure that Lithuania does not fall behind in aviation.
ANBO VIII
Designed by Antanas Gustaitis himself, the ANBO VIII is a bomber-reconnaissance monoplane built by Karo Aviacijos Tiekimo Skyrius. The concept of its design is that the aircraft can provide close air support while also being nimble enough to provide reconnaissance. Cost-effective and comparable to contemporary European designs, the ANBO VIII demonstrates that Lithuanians can build efficient and adequate aircraft.
Open New ANBO Factories
Initial testing and trials have demonstrated the success of the ANBO VIII in the air. As we find ourselves again drawn into the conflagration of global war, we will need to build more and more of the ANBO series. The state will help provide funding for our workshops under Karo Aviacijos Tiekimo Skyrius to encourage the production of more military aircraft.
48-Hour Mobilisation
The '48 Hour mobilisation' idea is that the Lithuanian Army will be ready to fight and all our defences prepared if war breaks out. Given our army's current state of disorganisation, this won't be easy to achieve. We will begin war games and training exercises to ensure that the Lithuanian Army will soon achieve mobilisation rapidly.
Implement NCOs
The officer corps of the Lithuanian Army has long been in a state of neglect. To reform our infantry, we will have to start from the ground up and begin implementing non-commissioned officers: men hand-picked explicitly for their leadership and management. Our new NCOs will ensure that missions and orders can be executed without waiting explicitly for headquarters.
Instil a Fighting Spirit
Most of the regular infantry lacks the motivation and morale to carry out their duties effectively. We will begin a rigorous programme of drilling and propaganda to inspire the men of Lithuania once again to take up arms to defend their country. Over time, we expect to see a more disciplined fighting force - soldiers willing to give life or limb for their nation.
Complete the Army Reform
After a period of intense and significant reforms, the Lithuanian Army has been brought back to its former glory. With our army reforms a complete success, the days of a disorganised and chaotic Lithuanian Army are over. Our army now reaches the standards of our neighbours, and we are more ready than ever to combat threats externally and internally.
Integrate the Riflemen Union
The Lithuanian Riflemen Union (Lietuvos Šaulių Sąjunga, LŠS) is a state-supported paramilitary organisation that serves as a bridge between the army and society. The men of the Union are trained militarily, and some are even excellent marksmen given the sportsmanlike culture of the Union. Our military will need experienced riflemen; we will implement the legislation necessary to incorporate the Union into the Lithuanian Army.
The Young Riflemen
Our country is small, and we will need to prepare even the youth for war if our nation's independence is at risk. The 'Young Riflemen' is a division of the LŠS focused on the youth (11-18) and gives them a taste of service in the military. To prepare the Fatherland for the worse, we will endorse this organisation and give it the funding to ensure that our youth will be ready in times of crisis.
Death or Dishonour
Our small nation will find itself threatened as war comes to us - the fate of Lithuania is at stake. Lithuanians, young and old, male and female, will fight for every inch of their nation's soil. We must glorify patriotic death and teach all Lithuanians that to die for their country is the greatest honour one can have.
Expand the Officer Corps
The backbone of every military is the officer corps, and despite our implementation of non-commissioned officers, we will need more men capable of leading the Lithuanian Army. We will provide exceptional training and curriculum for those in the officer corps as we expand the size and strength of the Lithuanian officer corps.
Study Infiltration Tactics
Experience in the later stages of the Weltkrieg showed that elite and disciplined infantry detachments far from headquarters could infiltrate enemy lines and cause havoc. Our military will study these tactics, perfected by the Reichswehr and Baltische Landeswehr, to properly implement them into the Lithuanian Military Doctrine.
Establish the War School
Our military has no academy to call its own, and while we can always rely on studying at foreign academies, we cannot rely on them to develop and grow our military and doctrine. With this in mind, we will establish the Vilnius War School to train a new generation of officers and generals while also emphasising the study and development of new doctrine and tactics.
Hold the Line
General Żeligowski's clique, along with his supporters from southern Lithuania, wish to embrace a more defensive and cautious posture to ensure that Lithuania is left unmolested by any potential enemy. They advise us to focus on playing for time until reinforcements from other Reichspakt nations can help us.
Territorial Defence Force
The 'Lietuvos Vietinė Rinktinė' is our nation's planned initiative to launch a volunteer militia force in times of crisis. Its goal is to call up reservists and militiamen in the hopes of quickly reinforcing our frontlines and solidifying our nation's defence further.
Improved Terrain Usage
No one knows this land better than us; for generations, our ancestors have long used it as their natural fortification. As we prepare our nation's defences, we will begin scoping out favourable terrains such as forests and hills for us to create emplacements and ambushes. An enemy that attempts to march into Lithuania will suffer the consequences of not understanding our land.
Defensive Stratagems
Our nation will prepare to brace for the worst. We will expand our trench and fortification systems and emphasise behind-the-lines partisan actions to harass and strike the enemy from the rear. To ensure that our troops have equipment at all times, we will strengthen the communications systems. No enemy will be able to break through our carefully planned defences.
Movement Warfare
General Plechavičius and his ilk are mostly veterans of the Russian Civil War, where they learned the value of cavalry. This clique has embraced offensive warfare with the use of fast-moving units to flank the enemy with infantry supporting these elements. They seek to increase motorisation and mobility of our forces.
Prepare for Enemy Tanks
Our forces currently lack the means and weaponry to deal with the armoured beasts that are tanks. As our troops will constantly be on the move, we will ensure that they are equipped with anti-tank weaponry to penetrate even the thickest armour. This will help solidify our defensive and offensive capabilities as we will not have to worry about enemy armour.
Army Motorisation
Much of our army's transportation and movement is still horse-drawn. If we focus our military on speed entirely, we should invest in motorisation such as trucks and vehicles. While the horse has always been an influential part of our military, the truck is not constrained to fatigue, and we will be able to achieve greater speeds on the battlefield.
Old Generals, New Tactics
Our military has decided to fully embrace the art and beauty of speed in warfare. Emphasising strikes at critical points in enemy lines with mobile, manoeuvrable forces, we will focus on speedy offensives to drive the enemy into confusion. Despite our military staff being relatively old, they will become proponents of this new form of warfare - to quickly dash the enemy into smithereens!
Local Rifle Manufacturing
Our country lacks a proper armaments industry to prepare ourselves for the conflicts to come. We will petition local manufacturers and gunsmiths and begin converting factories for military use to reduce our reliance on foreign weapons in times of war. This will also serve to strengthen our economy as we take steps to construct a proper military industry.
Acquire Tank Licences
Our industry is not capable yet of producing heavily armoured vehicles, but this should not stop us from pursuing such means. We will begin surveying tank models from Bohemia, Sweden, and Germany to see which ones will suit our military better. By importing foreign tank models, we will have modern tanks and tanks of superior craftsmanship.
Seek Military Contracts
Our government must look towards the armaments industry for the procurement of modern weapons and equipment. By securing contracts with foreign and domestic weapons industries, we will escalate our military production and capabilities. We can rest assured that our soldiers will be fully equipped at all times with the most modern of weapons.
Build the Linkaiciai Artillery Workshops
The government has decided to endorse the plans for the construction of the Linkaičiai Artillery Workshops - an ambitious industrial plant capable of housing thousands of workers that will provide for every Lithuanian soldier the rifles, ammunition, and artillery needed to wage a modern war in defence of the Fatherland. Our goal for this factory plant is to be one of the most modern weapons manufacturers in all of Europe.
Military-Industrial Complex
To aid the developing Lithuanian military industry and ensure our nation is indeed ready for war, the government will have to take drastic measures to prepare Lithuania. We will shift civilian industries to military production while ensuring that both the military sector and the nation's military profit extensively. Not only will this strengthen our economy, but it will also strengthen our national defence.
Develop Klaipeda
One of the largest ports and cities in Lithuania, Klaipėda will become the home of Lithuania's maturing naval industry. We will begin a government requisition of dockyards and ships in Klaipėda to ensure that the Lithuanian Navy will have the most modern fleet in all of the Baltic Sea.
Coastal Guard Expansion
One of the most essential seas for maritime trade and travel, the Baltic Sea will indeed become a battleground as the nations of Europe once again devolve into war. As a pivotal member in the Baltics, the Lithuanian Coast Guard must be expanded in terms of our number of ships and sailors to ensure that travel and trade remain safe. We will encourage further enlistment into the naval forces and ensure that our sailors are well-trained and prepared for all that is to come.
Seaplanes
An interesting proposal from Gustaitis is the intertwining between the navy and the air force. As our navy lacks any major heavy warships to damage enemy fleets, we can instead fit planes for sea travel to ensure that they can act as naval bombers. Taking inspiration from other nations, seaplanes ensure that Lithuania's seas are guarded against the skies above.
Naval Construction Contracts
We will need more ships if we are to become a naval power in the Baltics. Our current fleet size is not impressive enough, and to boost our numbers, we will seek out contracts with the naval industries domestically and abroad. This ensures that not only are we getting new and modern ships but also ships of superior quality.
Submarine Development
Submarines are not new, but our young nation has yet to embrace them fully. Having submarines will give us an unparalleled advantage in the seas as we can strike the enemy from the depths. With submarine pens in Palanga, the Lithuanian naval forces can procure foreign submarines to begin our submarine programme. We will hire advisors from foreign countries to instruct and incorporate submarines into our Navy.
Establish the Navy
Lithuania has never really quite had a strong maritime tradition, with our only access to the sea being the small port of Palanga. Nonetheless, through our development of other ports, our training and expansion of the coast guard, and our growing naval industry, we have built quite an impressive naval force for ourselves. It is now appropriate that we begin to transition the Lithuanian coast guard into a proper Lithuanian Navy.
LAF Focus Tree
The Vilnius Coup
Vilnius has fallen. The lackeys of Germany have been driven away, and the rule is now in the hands of a triumvirate of true patriots.
Raise the Banners of Resistance!
The German tyrants may have been expelled for now, but as war wages across Europe, we will inevitably be drawn towards it. Let us mobilise our underground forces and form them into units which will stand the line against their ranks!
The Tripartite Showdown
Three men stand before Lithuania, each one with ambitions of their own, wishing to take power at the expense of the others. Whoever will take power in the end, they will surely do so with a trail of blood following their wake.
Chaotic Redistribution
Much of the economic activity in Lithuania is controlled by the Germans and by traitors. Let us seize this wealth by force and distribute it to Lithuanians!
The Cult of Death
The Vairas faction of the LAF proclaims a cult of death and sacrifice, a belief that the greatest thing a Lithuanian can achieve is either kill his enemy or die himself. Let us institutionalise this belief and benefit from it!
Geležinis Vilkas
'Voldemarininkai' or Followers of Voldemaras have taken control of Lithuania and wish to set it upon a path they deem correct.
A Militarised Society
Surrounded by enemies within and outside, Lithuania must be prepared to fight at all times. All Lithuanians, boys, and girls, will be expected to give their life for the fatherland; every citizen will become a wolf - this is the way to protect our dear country. Like the heroes of old, so too will the Lithuanians of today willingly shed blood for their beloved nation!
Economy for War
What is the purpose of a national economy if not to support the patriotic struggle for independence and our culture? Every actor in our nation must understand this, from corporations and unions to the lowliest of workers.
Seize Foreign Assets
Having secured our independence from Germany, we will no longer be slaves to their finances. All businesses in Lithuania must be Lithuanian; all German companies and wealth in Lithuania will be returned to Lithuanian hands. We will nationalise foreign industries and seize what is left as now they will help strengthen our new state. Glory to Lithuania!
Mandatory Military Training
The threat of war constantly looms with the despicable Kaiser to the West and the monstrous Russian bear to the East. While our nation is small compared to the aggressive imperialists and their manpower great, we will make them pay for every inch of Lithuanian soil they take. We will pass a national conscription law decreeing that every Lithuanian capable of carrying a rifle will serve in the armed forces. Truly a Sparta of the Baltics, this is the only way Lithuania can survive!
Central Economic Planning
The freer the economy, the less control we have. All of Lithuania must be brought into line with a government-made economic plan, so that the resources of our people and land may be used for the good of all.
An Army of Labour
Every worker in Lithuania is a soldier, fighting for Lithuania with their hammers, their spades, and all the other tools of work. If the workers are organised like an army and trained like one, they will be that much more productive.
An Army of Research
As we begin the national conscription, we realise that quite a few Lithuanian intellectuals are willing to help develop Lithuania's research industry. As we transform our nation into a militarised state, we will prioritise military research to help us develop the latest weapons. Not only will our armies be the most disciplined in the Baltics, but they will also be the most advanced.
Nationalist Land Reform
The Lithuanian nation is only as healthy as its land is owned by landowners of Lithuanian stock - therefore we shall pursue full land reform across the country and create a class of reliable, Lithuanian landholders.
Assert Economic Independence
Alone, we are stronger. Lithuania does not need to rely on foreign powers for economic assistance like a pathetic vassal. As we declare to the world our independence, we will also signal our financial independence by embracing an economy of autarky. This will reduce our reliance on foreign goods and increase our national self-sufficiency, thus helping Lithuania reach its true potential.
End Democracy
Democracy is a complete sham; the bickering of politicians and parties will achieve nothing... There only needs to be one party, the LAF, and one leader, our great Vadas. Under his protection, we will be made strong. Thus to strengthen the LAF and the Lithuanian state, we will disband the Seimas once and for all. No longer will we be bound by their pathetic ways, but now we are reborn a new Lithuania!
Single Party State
Only one party is fit to rule Lithuania, the LAF. The LAF is run by true Lithuanian patriots, men, and women willing to free Lithuania from the influence of subservient enemies externally and internally. Those that disagree will be 'cleansed' and replaced by true patriots, as we will not tolerate those who are ideologically unreliable.
The Party-Corporation
Experience in the Weltkrieg taught us that the line between civilian and combatant became heavily blurred; all civilians helped their nations win a total war against their enemies. We will adopt a similar practice in which all Lithuanians will form a society to wage an all-out war of glory on their enemies. There will be only those who work and build Lithuania, those who will fight for Lithuania, and those who will lead Lithuania.
Vairas
Even within the LAF, some were not willing to bring the complete national revival of our nation. Voldemaras and his followers were too weak... their idea of a Lithuania, pathetic and susceptible to destruction. No longer! Under the Vairas, we will complete the national revival - pathetic Lithuania will be a fragment of the past, and behold, a new mighty one shall take its place!
Break the Power of the Clergy
The clergy's role is to save the people's souls, not tell them who to vote for or how to serve Lithuania. That is our job, and we should remind the clergy of this fact. While we will not infringe on the clergy's existence, we will ensure that people do not look to the church in these times but rather to the Lithuanian heroes of old. Christianity is dead; let the modern Lithuanian look to the gods and spirits of his ancestors for guidance.
Permanent National Revival
It does not stop here. The National Revival will be made permanent, Lithuania a true utopia that links us with our ancestral roots. The children will learn, and their parents will have to accept this or face the consequences. We will enforce mandatory pledges of allegiance to Alantas, the great saviour of Lithuania; this way, all the children in Lithuania will swear their absolute loyalty to their Tautos Vadas.
Establish Houses of Culture
Under our control, institutions like the church and the universities must be rebuilt from the ground up. We will immerse every town in Lithuania with culture; we will display Lithuanian epics and stories in these houses of culture to teach all Lithuanians their true history. All Lithuanian heroes of old will be glorified as we transform our nation into a glorious Baltic state.
Privatise Public Properties
We will adopt a relatively liberal economy. Under the leadership of Domas Cesevičius, the newly reborn state of Lithuania will be a society where every Lithuanian will be able to achieve well-being through his efforts and innovation. Only the strong Lithuanian worker will prosper; the weak and lazy will bring themselves and others to ruin. Thanks to the creative national Lithuanian spirit, we will be a prosperous nation.
Eradicate Foreign Influences
All that is not Lithuanian is to be considered an enemy of Lithuania. The enemies of Lithuania are to be destroyed. Thus we shall eradicate all traces of foreign influence within our nation.
Naujoji Romuva
A new Lithuania rises from the ashes but one that protects the Lithuanian worker. The Lithuanian proletariat has long suffered under the yoke of the bourgeoisie, and it is time for their chains to be broken! To be Lithuanian means to be immersed in the glory of the Catholic Church and the national culture of Lithuania. A new movement of Young Catholics will help transform our nation into the glorious Organic State!
A Total, National State
Under Maceina's leadership, we will transform Lithuania into a national state. Under the National State, we will not need politics and particularism; these insecurities will only seek to divide our nation and make us weak. Instead, we will look to the days of Lithuanian glory and hope to replicate them. The state will focus on displaying the glory of the Lithuanian nation in film, art, and literature - a new golden age of Lithuania will soon dawn!
Interim Revolutionary Leadership
Some fools believe that one man must lead Lithuania and one man only. Nonetheless, the process to reform Lithuanian society is revolutionary, and the revolution is at risk of being threatened and destroyed by enemies everywhere. For now, we will grant extraordinary powers to Maceina; this is just temporary, but this will ensure that a strong leader will lead Lithuania to ensure our transformation of society.
Establish National Purity
The unpleasant aspects of Lithuanian society will be wiped clean. The streets will become peaceful again, and order will be restored in all the towns. Our society and culture have long been perverted by foreigners such as the Germans and the Poles. To restore the glories of Old Lithuania means that once again, Lithuanians will speak Lithuanian. Speaking Lithuanian will be mandatory in all schools and public places - to reverse centuries of damage.
Control the Economy
Black Monday has shown us that the Capitalist system is indeed corrupt and decadent - capitalism has brought nothing but a decay of morals, a decay of faith, and a decay of nationalism. We will ensure that wealth is shared among Lithuanians to create a just Lithuanian society. We will even compel valued institutions like the Church to give up their wealth for the less fortunate - and ensure they comply.
Enforce Economic Democracy
Together, Lithuanians will work for the strength and growth of the organic state. Workers will be organised in unions to empower them over their overlords, giving power to the Lithuanian proletariat. Furthermore, the unions will help guide the Lithuanian worker in the faith; to ensure that they do not fall carelessly into the moral vices and evils of capitalism.
Expropriate the Landlords
Their wealth and power are ours, an end to the bourgeoisie! So long have we suffered from the chains of capitalism, and that time is over. The landlords of Lithuania will lose their status, and their land will be distributed to those who need it more. Finally, the Lithuanian who works the land will own it instead of being nothing more than a serf. No longer will the Lithuanians have to slave endlessly for the bourgeoisie; we will no longer be bound to their corrupt ways.
Break Apart Monopolies
Monopolies are a threat to our control of the nation and reflect the unfairness of capitalism. We will have to remove them, as they bring nothing but further despair to our country. We will seize their assets and wealth and distribute them to the Lithuanian people. They will learn a lesson not to hoard wealth from their own people. No longer will they have any power over us; Lithuania will be free at last!
A Parliament of Corporations
As described by the Apostle Paul, all people and components are functionally united like a human body. This is indeed the meaning of the Organic State, a true democracy, where all Lithuanians will come together in unions and groups to form a national parliament. This ensures that Lithuanians from all walks of life will coordinate a prosperous future for Lithuania and ensure that the nation's true interests are being represented.
Establish Social Welfare
The Organic State cares for all members of society. Those who are less unfortunate will be cared for as this is in the goodwill of our Christian character. Those who are disabled and especially those who have shed blood for the Lithuanian nature will be cared for. Our government will ensure that all the needs of our citizens are met and ensure that all suffering in our nation will cease.
Begin Wealth Redistribution
Our true goal is the ultimate redistribution of wealth in Lithuanian society. We will ensure that wealth is redistributed evenly; even the church will come under scrutiny. One can worship the Lord without gold and silver, yet why must the clergy live in luxury when his parishioners are suffering? We will eradicate the aristocrats and the elite, ensuring that their wealth will help the suffering proletariat.
End Capitalism
There is nothing viler in this world than the archaic system of capitalism. Capitalism has brought nothing but misery and despair to Lithuanians - remember the suffering that Black Monday brought our nation. With our reforms successful and the workers freed, the Lithuanians no longer have to slave away for such a terrible ideology. Gone are the days of poverty, and behold, a new Lithuania, one more prosperous than ages past - a true national revival!
Lithuanian King Assassinated Focus Tree
Death of the King
King Vytautas II has been assassinated by LAF terrorists. With his death, Lithuania needs to step on a new path to evade the chaos.
Martial Law Declared
The LAF threat is more severe than originally thought, with [LIT.GetRulingParty] declaring martial law to ensure the order is restored to Lithuania.
Secure Rural Areas
While [LIT.GetLeader] has already secured the capital, the rest of the country still lacks significant military presence.
War on the LAF
The LAF is no simple criminal organisation, but rather a well-armed foe. Therefore [LIT.GetLeader] has declared war on them, allowing the Lithuanian military free rein in the country, without any consideration for due process.
Working Together
Poles and Lithuanians have had a turbulent history, from brothers in arms to a master and serf. Now in the Kingdom, a common enemy has again come and like the Deluge of the 17 century, we will come together to fight this enemy.
Loyalty to Plechavicius
\
Lift Martial Law
Now that order has been restored, the time to lift martial law has come. Though one for a civilian government has not.
New Allies
To ensure the stability of Lithuania, the military is not enough. A country can not be run by quartermasters; civilian administrators and bureaucrats are needed. Antanas Merkys, the mayor of Kaunas has offered his help.
New Tax Regime
Cutting taxes across the board will free up our industrialists to reinvest their newfound money into our economy.
Coerce the Splinters
Having seen the horrors the LAF had been capable of, the Bundas should be easily convinced to help arm Lithuania against any foreign threats.
New Small Businesses
As we have established control over the Bundas, it is important to help our other citizens in starting new businesses.
Entrench Monopolies
The current monopolies of Lithuania are strong, independent companies. We should endeavour to keep this so, and help them keep their market share.
Increase Productivity
The final goal of our economic policies still needs to be realised. We must increase the productivity of every Lithuanian worker to create a truly great economy.
Synthetic Experiments
Oil is the most important fuel of our century. As Lithuania possesses no useful sources of it, we must invest in research towards synthetic oil.
Expand the Arms Industry
All Lithuanian men should be able to work. And if they work, the best they can do is create weapons to defend Lithuania.
An Industrial Council
We must create an Industrial Council to direct Lithuania's economy towards the inevitable war with Russia. While so far it has had limited success, it is time to further expand its powers.
Memel to Vilnius Railway
Seen as a military necessity, maintaining, upgrading, and protecting the railway from Memel (Klaipėda) to Vilnius would be vital if Lithuania is to receive any supplies from the Reichspakt.
Empower Like-Minded Poles
Some of our Polish citizens are more open-minded to our proposals. It is only natural that we put them into positions of power, as a society cannot be run by those who do not trust it.
Remember our History
Our history is a glorious and bloody one. It serves no one if it is forgotten.
Secure the Succession
While one of the brothers of our late King has lost his title, he has two more. Let us ensure we get the better one.
A Coronation
With Vytautas II, King of Lithuania, having passed on to the afterlife, we need a new vessel for showing God's power in our mortal realm.
The Threat to the East
Russia's territorial ambitions will always threaten the independence of our nation. Once, Lithuania was part of Russia, and this is something we do not want to see again. As the Bear to the East begins mobilising once more in an attempt to rebuild its Eastern European hegemony, Lithuania must prepare to give its all in the war to come or perish in the ensuing flames. Prepare to fight, or perish in the ensuing storm.
[96.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to [206.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
[206.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], the capital of [BLR.GetNameDef], is set to be the frontline capital of any war with the Russian Bear. Efforts have been made to further supplement supply lines to [206.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to ensure our forces can aid our Belarusian brothers.
Symbol of Unity
The King leads all of us Lithuanians. He is one of us no matter the language we speak or religion we follow.
A Caring Leader
The King not only unites us but cares for us. As any leader ruling by the grace of God, he has no other aims than the benefit of all Lithuanians.
Widen Public Appeal
There are still those, who are not fully committed to our government, and would rather continue our failed democratic experiment. Let us show them the error of their ways.
Rural Work Projects
We need to invest in locations that have been neglected by administrations of the past. That this will be done in such a way that it helps some groups more than others is nothing more than a coincidence.
A Land of Investment
While we have burned ourselves previously by being exposed to Black Monday, our newfound control over the economy allows us to welcome investments once again. This time not only from Germany, but from inside Lithuania as well.
Control the Bundas
While the Industrial Council has been effective, it has no control over the parts of the economy run by the Bundas. This will change, whatever the Bund members might think.
Class Collaboration
All of Lithuania works for one goal, be they a lowly worker, or the King himself.
Public Stamp of Approval
Lithuania has changed fast ever since the death of King Vytautas, and according to many for the better. Let us show our remaining detractors that the people approve of the way the country is being run.
Controlled Research
Now that we have full control over the political sphere, there will be no outside influence on what our scientists investigate.
Remove Traitors
Many nationalists and socialists believe that their way would be better for Lithuania. Such revolutionary thoughts need to be explained in court, and - if necessary - purged by a bullet or the noose.
Lithuania Marches On
First under the guidance of Plechavičius, and now under Mindaugas III, Lithuania has climbed its way out of its self-made pit. No longer shall petty differences divide Lithuanians, and no more shall this failed social experiment called \
Belarusian Autonomy\n§WInvoking the legacy of our long-defunct Grand Duchy, we have restored our rule over the Belarusian lands. To prove our benevolence, we have granted the locals significant autonomy in their internal matters. Though Lithuania is the definitive senior partner of the union, Belarus will have a say in its own governance - but whether this is enough for the locals remains to be seen...§!
Maintain Civil Governance
Narutowicz, against the advice of many, has chosen to maintain a civilian-run government during these troubling times. Though the road to recovery will be longer, Narutowicz insists that civil liberties cannot be neglected even in times of crisis.
Gain Farmer Support
Lithuania's economic backbone is its agriculture, and with the LAF recruiting from Lithuania's rural population, gaining their support by listening to our farmers' needs has become paramount.
Reach Out to the Bund
The Bund is still holding the cards in the economic sector of Lithuania. Narutowicz must seek their support.
State of the Economy
With the economy showing signs of improvement and stability slowly returning to Lithuania, Narutowicz can now focus on correcting the wrongs of the previous government.
Seek Southern Support
Białystok to the south has forever been a thorn to Lithuania, but with Narutowicz at the helm, he seeks to bring the peoples of Lithuania together, united under one banner. Though there are many within the Polish community who are against such a notion.
Codify the Regency
Though Narutowicz's Regency isn't in dispute, his powers are; therefore, he and the Seimas wish to codify them.
Loyalty to the Kingdom
\
Promote the Krajowcy
Narutowicz proposes a new take on the Krajovcai/Krajowcy 'Fellow Countrymen' ideals. Opposed to drawing their cultural links to the Commonwealth, they draw their culture from the old Grand Duchy of Lithuania, a multiethnic state whose people referred to themselves as \
Narutowicz's Plan
With the LAF threat all but removed, Narutowicz sets out to announce his vision of Lithuania.
Focus on the Economy
It appears that the Social Democrats have won out regarding the compromised deal with the LKDP regarding the economic reforms. This came from a position of strength, considering the LKDP and their previous policies were the reason why Lithuania is in its current state...
Radical Land Reforms
To the surprise of the LSDP, Narutowicz has fiercely pushed for an even more radical form of land reform than they expected. It appears that despite Narutowicz's noble background, he is willing to put Lithuania first.
Agribusinesses
Lithuania isn't a land of iron and steel, but of livestock and farmers. If Lithuania is to ensure the stability of the economy, it must make sure that the backbone of it is firmly secured.
Trade Schools
Not all people of Lithuania wish to seek a level of higher learning. This may be due to economic reasons or their rural location. Narutowicz wishes to ensure that all people of Lithuania are able to obtain new skills, with trade schools being opened in rural areas.
Light Industrial Development
Lithuania's industry is still very agrarian-based, with heavy industry still slowly being developed. With this in mind, further development of timber, peat, and other produce related to its agrarian industry is needed in an effort to recover the economy.
A Formal Arrangement
With no real lasting formal arrangement having been made between the Government and the Bundas, Narutowicz wishes to codify this relationship, which would be beneficial to both parties.
Balanced Industrial Focus
Most development in Lithuania has mainly been focused in Vilnius. Narutowicz wishes to promote development in both Kaunas and Białystok and break any applied favouritism toward Polish or Lithuanian development.
Back in the Green
Through extreme adversity, Narutowicz has managed to pull Lithuania from the ashes and proven to be a boon to this nation. Though the curse of the firebird is still a lingering thought...
Narutowicz's Broadcast
In these dark times, the people need to hear the voice of their leader, knowing that their plight isn't being ignored by those in the Ivory Towers of the Seimas.
Deal with the LAF Remnants
It appears that a small contingent of former LAF members wishes to resume their roles within the Lithuanian Army. Though, of course, these positions are now null and void, they nonetheless wish to rejoin. This has made its way to the Seimas.
Basic Welfare
With tens of thousands left destitute due to the civil strife, both sides of the Ašis have agreed to much-needed aid and support for the average Lithuanian citizen via welfare.
Self Reliance Compromise
Lithuania isn't a rich country in natural resources and must take measures to ensure we are able to provide a level of self-reliance, even if this goes against the grain of our Bundas friends.
A Common Faith
Lithuania is a land of numerous religions, with most of them being Abrahamic. With this, Šalkauskis wishes to embrace the commonality in these religions to further promote unity within the nation.
Christian Education Reforms
With a majority of the nation adhering to a form of Christianity, the promotion of Christian education is seen as paramount by those within the LKDP. This has met objections by the LSDP, though this, in reality, is a compromise with the allowance of Bundas schools and, to no one's surprise, has been backed by them.
Minority Representation
Currently within the Seimas, only the Poles are represented via their political party. Narutowicz, the previous leader of the organisation, wishes to expand this to also include other minorities of the nation to ensure that all voices are heard within the Seimas.
Matters of State
With the LSDP appearing to win the economic side of the compromise in the coalition, the LKDP have \
Adopt Mass Media
With the wireless radio and newspapers becoming the norm within Lithuanian society, Narutowicz has seen this as an opportunity to further promote his ideas via these platforms. Though there are those who see state funding as best spent elsewhere, they can't deny the effectiveness of the media.
Deal with the German Junkers
The German Junker question is the elephant in the room few wish to address. Yet it appears that Narutowicz hasn't been idle, as his special investigation team has completed their dossier on the German Junkers and the Privy Council.
Redefine the Lithuanian Culture
To the nationalists of Lithuania, to be a Lithuanian, one must speak the Lithuanian language, adopt a Lithuanian way of life, and call the capital Vilnius. These views must be removed entirely, with a true Lithuanian drawing their heritage from the Grand Duchy, where the only measure was their loyalty to Lithuania and not the tongue they speak.
Our Brethren in Klaipeda
Narutowicz hasn't forgotten about those Lithuanians who reside across the Neman. Though Lithuania having direct control of these lands is all but a fool's dream at the moment, investing in the region, especially the port of Klaipėda, will greatly improve our standing with them.
From Vilnius to Białystok
Regardless of one's mother tongue, we are all Lithuanians, from the shining coasts of the Baltic Sea to the deep forests of Podlasie.
The Succession Question
King Vytautas II had no children, so the succession would fall upon one of his younger brothers. They would, however, be even less prepared for the task of ruling the country than he was. We should explore other options.
Federal States
Narutowicz has attempted to emulate the Swiss canton system within the borders of Lithuania. This has resulted in various degrees of success, with Lithuania now divided into federal states that have provided a level of stability Lithuania desperately needed.
A New Dawn
As the Republic of Lithuania has been proclaimed, the country can look forward to a new, stable, and democratic future. Rejoice!
The Kingdom of Lithuania was founded after the Weltkrieg as a monarchy closely tied to the German Empire - its vast non-Lithuanian population and ceaseless nationalist resentment marking its history up to today. The old king, Mindaugas II, passed a long time ago, and his heir is widely seen as a step backwards, lacking both the character and the skill to rule. While nefarious forces plot in the open and in the shadows alike, can the Kingdom survive the challenges ahead, however impossible they may seem?
GFX_LIT_intro
The Kingdom of Lithuania
The Kingdom of Lithuania was officially founded on December 11th, 1917, and this declaration was reiterated on February 16th, 1918, by the Council of Lithuania, a body of Lithuanian politicians and public figures elected in the Vilnius Conference during the Weltkrieg. The formation of the Kingdom was far from easy, however - the declaration split Lithuanian nationalists and forced the republican-leaning Social Democrats (LSDP) out of the Council, while it only took until 1919 for the Germans to take the declaration of independence seriously. Ultimately, they confirmed Wilhelm von Urach as Mindaugas II, the first King of Lithuania since 1263.\n\nThe Constitution of 1920 established Lithuania as a bicameral constitutional monarchy, guaranteeing basic rights such as freedom of speech, freedom of the press, freedom of religion and universal suffrage. To this day, it remains one of the most liberal constitutions in the Reichspakt. Lacking serious competition, the Christian Democrats (LKDP) have formed the government since the country's inception, while the economy of the country remains dominated by German Junkers and company branches. The absolute majority of them are established in Vilnius, declared a city for 'German Development' - the lion's share of foreign investment is directed there and it has become a jewel of the Oststaaten, a place where you can hear five different languages on your way from the grocery shop. The rest of Lithuania is underdeveloped, however. This is most obvious in the so-called 'Outer Lithuania', the Slavic-speaking southern districts, which, more often than not, look like they are stuck in the 19th century.\n\nVytautas II, also known as Karl Gero von Urach, is the King of Lithuania since 1928. The incumbent Prime Minister is Leonas Bistras, representing the Christian Democrats.
Memory of the Memel Uprising
Nationalism in Lithuania, briefly quenched by the declaration of independence at the end of the Weltkrieg, saw a resurgence during the 1920s. The laws of free expression allowed a revival of Lithuanian culture - numerous nationalist inclined arts and culture movements began to appear, the Prussian Lithuanian philosopher Vilhelmas Storosta-Vydūnas initiated a revival of the old Lithuanian faith, and dissatisfaction with Lithuania's Oststaat status started to rise. These nationalists started to rally around the Party of National Progress (TPP) - a minor nationalist party founded in 1916 and led by Antanas Smetona, one of the signatories of the Declaration of Independence, who ended up sidelined after independence due to his conflict with the Christian Democrats.\n\nIn 1928, upon the death of Mindaugas II, Lithuanian nationalists sought to take advantage of the disorder and seize Vilnius and Klaipėda. The attack on Vilnius never took place, while the one on Klaipėda became known as the 'Memel Uprising' or 'Memel Massacre', resulting in the death of 50 armed militiamen at the hands of the German garrison. Smetona distanced himself from the uprising, the TPP dissolved under the public backlash and reformed to the Nationalist Union (LTS), while the event became a rallying moment for Lithuanian nationalism.\n\nNowadays, Lithuanian nationalists remain split between two approaches. Those rallied around Antanas Smetona and the 'moderate' LTS believe that it is possible to achieve a second National Revival through democratic means. Others have become disillusioned with what they perceive as a sham, however. Uniting the most radical and extreme strands of Lithuanian nationalism is the informal movement known as the Activist Front (LAF).
The Government of Leonas Bistras
Representing the Christian Democrats (LKDP), Leonas Bistras is the fifth Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Lithuania, appointed after the election of 1933. A doctor by profession, Bistras is an active member and chairman of the Party and, as expected of the Christian Democrats, a devout Catholic. Since the beginning of his term, Lithuania has experienced economic growth thanks to growth in Germany and Lithuania's close ties to its economy, as well as education reforms. This economic growth means that the Bistras cabinet is confident enough in its stability to consider projects once seen as nothing but impossible dreams, such as acquiring Lithuania's own port or organising land reform.\n\nDespite this, it is expected that this will be the last time the Christian Democrats head a majority government alone. Minority parties, such as the Committee of Poles in Lithuania (LLK) and the Jewish Labour Bund (Bundas), are growing stronger, and so are the Social Democrats (LSDP), having recovered their strength after the slump in the 1920s. Finally, the growth of Lithuanian nationalism has culminated in the Nationalist Union (LTS) becoming a serious challenge to the establishment. Though dismissed as a party of violent radicals, their leader, Antanas Smetona, is committed to achieving his vision through democratic means.\n\nWith the planet drawing closer to... something, it remains to be seen where Lithuania shall turn.
§MRenewal in Christ§! / §MFor the Working Man§! / §MStrength in Unity§! ($social_conservative_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$ / $authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Elect your government of choice in the 1937 elections.\n£white_dot Have the king congratulate the Prime Minister in private.\n£white_dot Defeat the LAF militants through decisions, or directly during the outbreak of war.\n\n§MEchoes of a Grand Duchy§! ($social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot During the 1937 elections, have the king open the Seimas in person.\n£white_dot Have the military manage security.\n£white_dot Defeat the LAF militants through decisions and focuses.\n\n§MGuardianship of the Army§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot During the 1937 elections, have the king open the Seimas in person.\n£white_dot Have the police manage security.\n£white_dot Defeat the LAF militants through decisions and focuses.\n\n§MRevolution at Last§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Elect the LSDP in the 1937 elections.\n£white_dot After taking the focus Long Road to Pluralism, select decisions and focuses to foster radicalism up to or exceeding 60%.\nIf Germany reaches 40% surrender limit, select the decision \
Juozas Butkus
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 21st, 1893, in Pažvelsis, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Vincas Galinis
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1897, in Kantališkiai, Suwałki Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Justas Paleckis
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 22nd, 1899, in Telšiai, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Steponas Kairys
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1879, in Užnevėžiai, Vilna Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Stanislaw Narutowicz
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 2nd, 1862, in Telšiai, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LStanisław Narutowicz was the only member of the Council of Lithuania who signed its acts of independence in Polish, rather than Lithuanian, an action which has been interpreted numerous ways - but the one preferred by the elderly noble is that it is a sign that the Lithuanian cause is not just an ethnic Lithuanian or a peasant cause. The nobility and the Lithuanian Poles, such as himself, were just as critical to see an independent Lithuanian state arise. Narutowicz's political career has lasted for decades, starting with the Revolution of 1905, when he started the so-called 'Republic of Alsėdžiai' in the surroundings of his manor, and travelled across the Governorate to call people to the Great Seimas of Vilnius. Narutowicz was a member of the left faction of the Council of Lithuania and campaigned for a republic first and foremost, but ultimately conceded to the monarchist cause.\n\nThe leader of the Committee of Lithuanian Poles is perhaps the only Pole whom even Lithuanian nationalists, such as Antanas Smetona, respect - his efforts for an independent Lithuanian state are well known and so is his unyielding support for democracy, the rights of all minorities in Lithuania, and social justice.§!
Vaclovas Sidzikauskas
§YBorn:§! §LApril 10th, 1893, in Šiaudinė, Suwałki Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Stasys Šalkauskis
§YBorn:§! §LMay 16th, 1886, in Ariogala, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a family of petty nobility of mixed Polish and Lithuanian heritage, Stasys Šalkauskis had a modest upbringing, and was one of many in a new generation of Lithuanian-speaking intellectuals from the last days of the Russian Empire. His profession of choice was the law at the University of Moscow, a decision which would guide his path in life from there on out - experiencing the nihilist, atheist atmosphere of the Russian intelligentsia forced him to cling even more deeply to his Catholic faith, realising that its universalism and compassion, backed by reflective philosophy, is the best answer to the fundamental questions of life. These beliefs were reinforced by correspondence with Adomas Jakštas and studies at the Catholic University of Fribourg, in Switzerland.\n\nŠalkauskis is not a politician by trade and finds philosophy far more comfortable, but his complex vision of a new, compassionate Christian society has swayed many in the Christian Democratic Party. A drive towards an 'optimal system of government', a need for a government guided by solidarity and anti-capitalism, and a holistic interpretation of Lithuania as a synthesis of Eastern and Western culture are the main points of his ideology.§!
Antanas Smetona
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 10th, 1874, in Užulėnis, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Povilas Plechavičius
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 1st, 1890, in Židikai, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPovilas Plechavičius hails from a family of wealthy farmers in Samogitia. Upon the outbreak of the Weltkrieg, he was a cavalry officer in the Imperial Russian Army and fought in the Eastern and Caucasus Fronts, reportedly getting wounded twenty-nine times, and yet returning for more every single time. The October Revolution found him while he was stationed in the Caucasus, but did not discourage him one bit - posing as a Cossack, he joined Anton Denikin's Volunteer Army and fought alongside the Whites against the Bolshevik uprising in the Russian south. Though his service there was brief, it instilled Plechavičius with a deep and seething hatred for communism - alongside his brother Aleksas, he returned to Lithuania in the fall of 1918.\n\nPlechavičius found Lithuania in chaos and disorder, infested with bandits and Bolshevik sympathisers, where the German authorities held a tenuous grip. He organised a band of Samogitian men, which soon grew into an army, and enacted a policy of White terror in northern and western Lithuania. Though his methods were effective in restoring order in his home, even receiving tacit German authority approval, the Constituent Assembly of Lithuania was horrified by the brutality. Threatened by the Social Democratic deputy Liuda Purėnienė with legal action, Plechavičius defended himself simply: \
Kazimieras Tiskevičius
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 13th, 1896, in Kretinga, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Augustinas Voldemaras
§YBorn:§! §LApril 16th, 1883, in Dysna, Vilna Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAugustinas Voldemaras began his political career in the Russian Empire. A committed nationalist, he advocated the national self-determination of Lithuania in Saint Petersburg; with the establishment of the German-led Lithuanian puppet government following the treaty of Brest-Litovsk, Voldemaras returned to his homeland to again fight for its independence. As head of state, Voldemaras is likely to pursue an ultra-nationalist agenda which promotes the superiority of the Lithuanian people and devotion to the state.§!
Vytautas Alantas
§YBorn:§! §LJune 18th, 1902, in Sidabravas, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LVytautas Alantas joined the armed struggle for independent Lithuania already at the age of 17, and has not put his sword down since then. A prolific writer and ultranationalist ideologue, he was deeply unsatisfied with the 'squandered independence' of the new kingdom and its submission to the foreign power of Germany. Alantas and his Vairininkai movement believe in total devotion to the nation and the people, seek to throw off any foreign influence and focus inwards, to the true and absolute Lithuanian nation-state.§!
Antanas Maceina
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 27th, 1908, in Bagrėnas, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAntanas Maceina belongs to a new generation of Christian activists and is a former student of Stasys Šalkauskis - however, his philosophy plays down international brotherhood and coexistence between ethnic groups to instead declare the infallibility of ethnic identity, and call for the formation of a pure Christian nation-state. Though young, he has actively organised fellow young Christian activists within the LAF and frequently wrote in its publications, building up the acumen to become the leader of the nation - which will destroy the two concepts he sees as most villainous, materialism and foreign influences.§!
Karl Gero von Urach
Vytautas II
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 19th, 1899, in Lichtenstein Castle, Lichtenstein, Black Forest District, Kingdom of Württemberg, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L\
Eberhard von Urach
Mindaugas III
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 24th, 1907, in Stuttgart, Neckar District, Kingdom of Württemberg, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe fourth and youngest son of the von Urach family, Eberhard could never have even hoped to become King of Lithuania one day. Having joined the Army as a young man, he was chosen to lead the country over his more artistically inclined brother Albert, with his backers hoping he will prove more conducive to their military-focused rule.§!
Silvestras Žukauskas
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 31st, 1860, in Poškiečiai-Dovainiškiai, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe origin, early life, and even birth date of Silvestras Žukauskas, the most elderly and renowned of all Lithuanian army commanders, is a complete mystery, for the man is an enigma, never making any public appearances nor publishing any memoirs. It is not even sure whether his parents are actually Lithuanian, or whether they immigrated to Lithuania sometime during the 19th century. A Lutheran Protestant married to a Baltic German noble Josephine Hasdorf, he was a cavalry officer in the Imperial Russian Army, reaching the rank of Major General in 1916. He crossed the Soviet-German border in 1918, after the October Revolution, and was appointed the first Chief of Staff of the Lithuanian armed forces, holding this position for over a decade.\n\nThough elderly and reclusive, Silvestras Žukauskas holds insurmountable respect among his fellow Lithuanian officers, and still occasionally offers advice for his younger peers - even though over the years, the armed forces under his command started to steadily degrade and Žukauskas struggled to garner the initiative for reform.§!
Stasys Raštikis
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 13th, 1896, in Kuršėnai, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhen the Weltkrieg began, the eighteen-year-old Stasys Raštikis was one of the hundreds of thousands who volunteered for the Imperial Russian Army while overtaken by the war fever. Unlike many of his peers, however, the following four years of war did not erode this enthusiasm - in fact, it only strengthened it. The Russian officers in the Eastern Front and in the Tiflis Army Academy were quick to note the Lithuanian youth's enthusiasm. Upon the conclusion of hostilities in the East, Raštikis was in Georgia, where he and the rest of the Lithuanian cadets residing in the Academy received German approval to return to their homeland. He abandoned his former plans of becoming a priest in favour of pursuing a life in the military.\n\nAt forty years old, Raštikis is rather young considering his rank, but he is a bright and energetic mind, open to new ideas of warfare and loyal to his country. It is said that the bald, stern-faced General is the most politically powerful of all Lithuanian army commanders - he has close ties to the Christian Democratic Party of Lithuania and is a personal friend of Leonas Bistras, while at the same time, he is married to Elena Smetonaitė, the niece of Antanas Smetona. Those claiming that he exerts any influence from the shadows are merely repeating conspiracies, however - dedicated to the military and the good of his country, Raštikis professes complete independence from any political affairs.§!
Jonas Černius
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 6th, 1898, in Kupiškis, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe call for volunteers to the Lithuanian Army reached Jonas Černius, the son of a bricklayer, while he was still enrolled in the Panevėžys Gymnasium, but that did not stop him from abandoning his past life in order to become one of the first volunteers in the Lithuanian Army. He was handpicked as one of the few soldiers in the Royal Lithuanian Armed Forces to further their military education in Berlin, where he became a military engineer - perhaps because he inherited his father's passion for construction and building. During these studies, he became acquainted with Stasys Raštikis, who had also been sent to Berlin as a part of the Lithuanian mission, and the two of them became close allies. Wherever Raštikis proposes reforms and changes to the Lithuanian army, Černius is sure to follow suit, the two generals united by nationalist pride and loyal service to their fatherland.§!
Kazys Škirpa
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 18th, 1895, in Namajūnai, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in the northernmost reaches of Lithuania, Škirpa never once questioned his Lithuanian identity, unlike several of his peers, and proudly declared himself to be a patriot since the earliest days. The February Revolution in Russia saw him, an officer stationed in Omsk, travel across the entirety of the disintegrating Empire, through hardship and danger, until he reached Vilnius in the first half of 1918. Seeing the Council of Lithuania paralysed and the Germans having free rein in his homeland disappointed him, however. Against the will of the Council and the Ober Ost administration, he organised a Lithuanian volunteer unit in Vilnius, engaging in street clashes with Polish paramilitaries and raising the flag of Lithuania atop the Gediminas Tower on January 1st, 1919, before it was taken down by German authorities the day after.\n\nDespite this futile resistance, he ended up acquitted and became one of the first volunteers in the Lithuanian army. It is suspected that Lt. General Škirpa had a hand in organising the Memel Uprising as well, but all that can be said against him is hearsay and rumours. It is a fact, however, that Škirpa is by far the most right-wing and nationalist of the Lithuanian high command, holding no warm feelings towards the German occupation he once fought, nor the Poles he has had bad blood with since 1918.§!
Mikas Rėklaitis
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1896, in Daugirdėliai, Suwałki Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in the Alytus region and known among his fellow generals for his strong Dzūkijan accent, Mikas Rėklaitis did not initially wish to be a military officer. He was conscripted to the Imperial Russian Army upon finishing education in the Veiveriai Seminary and served until January of 1918, when he was taken prisoner by advancing German forces and remained in captivity for most of the year. He was freed in November of 1918 and began organising self-defence units in his home region. These units ended up integrated into the nascent Lithuanian army and Rėklaitis accepted his new career in life. Among other things, he is responsible for the drafting of the Infantry Unit Organisation Statute of the Lithuanian army in 1923, and has remained a firm supporter of the role of the foot soldier on the battlefield since.§!
Vincas Vitkauskas
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 4th, 1890, in Užbaliai, Suwałki Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LVincas Vitkauskas was not drawn to a life of war at first. A bright mind and an artistic soul, he was a maths student and a poet before getting conscripted to the Imperial Russian Army - this origin reflects itself in Vitkauskas's texts and memoirs, which always use vivid, expressive language, unusual for an army officer. After two years of service in Ukraine, he returned to his homeland once again, where he signed up for Lithuania's armed forces - there, he gained the reputation of a lenient, socialite commander, who preferred to win the hearts and minds of his men instead of instilling discipline to them through force.\n\nVitkauskas's career in the Lithuanian army has been difficult. Unlike many of his fellow politically neutral officers, he does not shy away from the fact that he disapproves of the Christian Democrats and the Nationalist Union, and holds progressive political views. This has led to him being passed over for promotion several times in his past - only the intervention of Stasys Raštikis ensured that he would finally acquire the rank of Major General he was worthy of in 1935.§!
Lucjan Żeligowski
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 17th, 1865, in Ashmyany, Vilna Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLike many of his fellow Lithuanian commanders, Lucjan Żeligowski started his career in the Imperial Russian Army - the difference is that, upon the fall of the Tsarist regime, he swore not to the nascent Kingdom of Lithuania, but rather to the Polish nation next door. Commanding the 4th Polish Rifle Division in Kuban, he ultimately became the supreme commander of all Polish volunteer units in the Russian Civil War, fighting alongside the Whites in southern and eastern Russia. Żeligowski finally crossed the Russian-German border in 1919, but what he saw shattered his dreams - the Polish nation he sought to fight for had been reduced to a shadow of its former self, beset by political instability, and holding but a smidgen of all of its rightful land. His friend Jozef Piłsudski was imprisoned by the Kaiser's minions and Poles kowtowed to Berlin's will.\n\nDefeated, Żeligowski put aside the dreams of unified Polish people for now, and focused on the task at hand - to speak for the Poles in Lithuania, and to strive for Lithuania where Poles are free to express their culture - and perhaps, one day, unite with their brothers in the south.§!
Kazys Ladiga
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1893, in Iškonys, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LKazys Ladiga's military career started with his service as a reconnaissance scout in the Imperial Russian Army - for his bravery and several wounds he endured, he was awarded the Cross of St. George. He was one of the few Lithuanian officers who did not defect after the February Revolution - instead, he remained in service until February of 1918, when he and his entire unit were taken prisoner by advancing German forces in Dunaburg. Ladiga remained imprisoned for almost a year until he was found by Konstantinas Olšauskas, a delegate from the Council of Lithuania, and bailed out in order to join the developing Lithuanian armed forces.\n\nKazys Ladiga is a staunch abstinent and Christian, but suffers from nefarious voices claiming that he is a communist sympathiser - after all, he remained in the Russian Army even after the October Revolution, unlike his peers, who defected as soon as the military began to disintegrate.§!
Edvardas Adamkavičius
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 30th, 1888, in Pikeliai, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIt is said that Aide-de-Camp Edvardas Adamkavičius, serving in the 64th Kazan Regiment of the Imperial Russian Army in 1915, was responsible for reviewing the lists of newly recruited officers. Among this list, he saw one or two Lithuanian surnames - and immediately reached out to those men to speak to them only in Lithuanian from then on out. A stalwart Lithuanian nationalist and a respected general, Adamkavičius was one of the first volunteers in the Royal Lithuanian Armed Forces upon his return in November of 1918. Though of somewhat poor health, owing to miraculously surviving a bullet going through his head during the Weltkrieg, the moustached general commands great respect from his peers and junior officers.§!
Wilhelm von Urach
Mindaugas IV
The eldest son of Mindaugas II, Wilhelm von Urach was the presumed heir until he married morganistically in 1928. Since then, he has made a career in the automobile engineering industry
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1897, in Stuttgart, Neckar District, Kingdom of Württemberg, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LIT_wilhelm_von_urach_desc_body$, but now that Wilhelm has been called to the throne of Lithuania, he is ready to fulfil the duty he thought he was destined for.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1897, in Stuttgart, Neckar District, Kingdom of Württemberg, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LIT_wilhelm_von_urach_desc_body$.§!
Antanas Kaškelis
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 31st, 1879, in Kemėnai, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Povilas Julius Labanauskas
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1908, in Nemakščiai, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Leonas Bistras
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 20th, 1890, in Liepāja, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Antanas Merkys
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1887, in Bajorai, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Saloméja Neris
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1904, in Kiršai, Suwałki Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Antanas Gustaitis
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 27th, 1898, in Obelinė, Suwałki Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Augustinas Povilaitis
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 24th, 1900, in Pašventys, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Jonas Vailokaitis
§YBorn:§! §LJune 25th, 1886, in Pikžirniai, Suwałki Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Juozas Paknys
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1883, in Jūžintai, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Gabrielė Petkevičaitė-Bitė
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 18th, 1861, in Puziniškis, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Herbert Tillmanns
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 5th, 1907, in Berlin, Brandenburg Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Jonas Pyragius
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 29th, 1901, in Baluškiai, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Marcelė Kubiliūtė
