Gold Coast
Gold Coast
the Gold Coast
Gold Coast
the Republic of the Gold Coast
Gold Coast
the Republic of the Gold Coast
Gold Coast
the Republic of the Gold Coast
Gold Coast
the Republic of the Gold Coast
Gold Coast
the Republic of the Gold Coast
Gold Coast
the Republic of the Gold Coast
Gold Coast
the Republic of the Gold Coast
Gold Coast
the Republic of the Gold Coast
Gold Coast
the Republic of the Gold Coast
Gold Coast
the Republic of the Gold Coast
Gold Coast
Gold Coast
the Gold Coast
Kojo Botsio
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 21st, 1916, in Winneba, Colony of the Gold Coast§!
Kwame Nkrumah
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 21st, 1909, in Nkroful, Colony of the Gold Coast§!
Kofi Abrefa Busia
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 11th, 1913, in Wenchi, Colony of the Gold Coast§!
Joseph Kwame Kyeretwie Boakye Danquah
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 18th, 1895, in Bepong, Colony of the Gold Coast§!
Henley Coussey
§YBorn:§! §L1891, in the Colony of the Gold Coast§!
Edward Akufo-Addo
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1906, in Dodowa, Colony of the Gold Coast§!
Komla Agbeli Gbedemah
§YBorn:§! §LJune 17th, 1913, in Warri, Colony and Protectorate of Southern Nigeria§!
Prempeh II
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in Kumasi, Kingdom of Ashanti, Colony of the Gold Coast§!
William Ofori Atta
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 10th, 1910, in Kibi, Colony of the Gold Coast§!
Guinea-Bissau
Bissau-Guinean
Guinea-Bissau
Portuguese Guinea
Portuguese-Guinean
Portuguese Guinea
UAT
União Africana Trabalhista
PSG
Partido Socialista Guinéense
PSG
Partido Socialista Guinéense
PNA
Partido Nacional Africano
LG
Liga Guinéense
PRG
Partido Reformista da Guiné
GAG
Grêmio Africano de Guiné
JPD
Junta Provisória Democrática
COGL
Comitê de Oficiais da Guiné Livre
JNL
Junta Nacional de Libertação
Inácio Pedro Gomes
§YBorn:§! §Lin Portuguese Guinea§!
Goyaz Focus Tree
PSD
Partido Social Democrata
PRG
Partido Republicano Goyano
PPP
Partido Parlamentar Progressista
PC
Partido Centralista
LG
Liga Goyá
PRP
Partido Republicano Positivista
PL
Partido Liberal
FAG
Federação Anaquista Goyana
CGT
Confederação Goyana do Trabalho
PMG
Partido Maximalista Goyano
Heitor Ferreira Lima
§YBorn:§! §L1905, in Corumbá, Mato Grosso, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHeitor Ferreira Lima moved to Rio de Janeiro while still relatively young, in 1922. He started working as a tailor and joined the local syndicalist movements, and became one of the three youngsters chosen there to study in Paris under the auspices of the Third Internationale. There he turned into a true scholar of economic and social theory, and has since dedicated his life for the workers of the world. Now tasked with the role of leading his birthplace to a better future, he has to face off not only against the elements, but the quasi-feudal resistance against any kind of modernisation efforts that is well entrenched within the newly formed state. However, the internationalist nature of the man means he will not hesitate to call in foreign help to deal with any open unrest, a fact the wisest members of the opposition to the communard government recently established have to always keep in mind.§!
João Ponce de Arruda
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 27th, 1904, in Cuiabá, Mato Grosso, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA civil engineer by trade, João Ponce de Arruda is not exactly the kind of man who typically takes on the protagonist role in socialist states. While he always was a left winger, he never saw himself as a radical, but as a moderate, and this position and his influence in the region have allowed himself to present himself as the best possible head for a transitional government as the newly established republic gets back on its feet, as the war demolished what little infrastructure remained. Born in Cuiabá in 1904, he also both blood and friendship ties to many of the states notables, and seeks to ensure a stable transition; but many of the powerful families in the region still believe themselves in a position above the new government, which is bound to cause issues for the young nation.§!
Dom Francisco de Aquino Correia
§YBorn:§! §LApril 2nd, 1885, in Cuiabá, Mato Grosso, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHis Revered Excellency Francisco de Aquino Correia is the chief religious authority and intellectual in inner Brazil. Having dabbled in politics since 1917, Francisco knows that the role of the church in the hinterlands is more than a spiritual one, but one of guidance and guard against the ever present threats of the material world, such as the temptation of atheism and discrimination. While he was at a point had something of a common cause with integralists in Brazil, his relative lack of enthusiasm for the monarchist movement caused him to fall into the wayside of that movement, but has since admitted that dealing with those radicals was a mistake borne of fears of a rise in syndicalism. While he is respected among both the people and his peers, he will have much to endeavour in stabilising the newly established republic, especially when it comes to curbing the ever growing influence of the Caiado family of the capital.§!
Ramiro Noronha
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1885, in Oliveira, Minas Gerais, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhile a relatively low ranking officer before the beginning of hostilities, Ramiro Noronha has since established himself as one of the most well known service men in the lands now controlled by Goyaz. As to seek a quick pacification of the hinterlands, his expertise as many times garrison leader and interventor in the region is now at the service of the newly founded republic, in a role that he certainly did not predict when he enrolled into military service as a young man. Now having to deal with grumbling oligarchs and syndicalist protests, Noronha himself fears he may not be entirely qualified to the task laid before him, but is determined to establish order first, before any reconsidering of strategic options.§!
Leonidas de Antero Matos
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 28th, 1894, in Cuiabá, Mato Grosso, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLeônidas Antero de Mattos, as all so usual for the upper class, graduated in law school before moving into politics, while his brother João Antero de Mattos joined the military. A staple figure in state governments of Mato Grosso since the Interstate War, he has been awarded many varying stations and administrative positions, some say all the while lining his pockets. While the role of leading the newly founded Republic of Goyaz is an unpleasant one, especially with the powerful Caiado family jostling for power constantly, Leonidas certainly believes that cooperation, at least for now, is the best way to ensure the prosperity of his home.§!
Jari Gomes
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 26th, 1913, in Corumbá, Mato Grosso, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJari Gomes graduated in medical school, but has been more active as a poet and politician since then. After following the all to familiar climb of city councillor, state and then federal representative, Jari is one of the most influential politicians in what is now the Goyaz Republic, and has been chosen as its first president, in a move some claim is a direct attempt to curtail the influence of the Caiado family in regional politics. The stage is set for a new chapter in the ever changing landscape of this land's politics, and few can predict if President Jari will come out on top internally, but his foreign backing certainly has most of his opponents moving cautiously.§!
A New Regime
Functional Administration
Foreign Farms Seized
Valiant Defence
Levantai!
We earned our freedom, and we will never let it go again!
Rebuild the Government
Rebuilding a state after decades of occupation is a daunting task, and one that requires our immediate attention.
De-Centralisation of the Government
Our government right now is still to reminiscent to many to that of Brazil; we must change this.
Reorganised Justice System
A restored constitution has been put in place, for the greater good of our nation.
Great Public Works
Many of our greatest cities were left to rot under Paulista occupation. One more thing that won't happen in a free Goyaz.
Lay of Land
A detailed land survey and great infrastructure works will be starting, to ensure the prosperity of our reborn nation.
Finish Rebuilding of the State
The people now realise we are on their side, and the government functions properly. Goyaz vive!
Seize Foreign Assets
The Paulista land thieves have no business being here. All that it can take to change that is the signing of a decree...
Extensive Rearmament Programme
Our new nation has to rebuild its military if it is to survive these troubled times.
Seize Foreign Farms
Many Paulistas were keen to take advantage of the occupation and steal lands from our farmers, even if in absentia, they steal what is ours. We will no longer allow that to happen.
Seize Paulista Property
Brazilian individuals and companies still hold a sway in our economy, and our fate. We cannot allow this to persist!
Industrial Effort
For many years, our manufactures suffered under heavy taxation, violence and arson by Paulista occupiers. We will need a concentrated effort to make our industry bounce back.
Redouble Industrial Effort
Now with our industry recovered, we must expand it to ever greater heights!
Wartime Industry Adaptability
We will defend our freedom and independence at all costs, even if it means investing in the arms industry. Goyaz must be safe!
Air Base Expansion
Let us expand our airfields so both our Air Force and that of our allies can use them.
Fortify Goyaz
Our capital will never fall to foreign invaders, thanks to a long and complex trench system, along with land mines, bunkers and constant garrisoning.
Military Production Focus
Our troops need more than our support, they need our industry! Canned food, grenades, handguns, trucks; every little thing helps our young military.
Reborn National Rhetoric
Epic explorers of a vast new land, bring civilisation to far off reaches of the world. The grand people of Goyaz have in their blood the legacy of pioneers and of civilisation itself.
Nation Building
Both the young and the old must know that we are here not only to protect Goyaz, but each and every one of them from those who hate us and everything we stand for.
Patriot Spirit
Instilling patriotism with the common citizenry is not simple, but is necessary if we want to be more than a splotch on the map, but once again a glorious republic.
Nasce Uma Nação
Those who fought for our nation, even against unimaginable odds; Those who fought against Paulista occupation; Those who in their exile helped us regain our freedom. The defenders of the Chaco will be forever honoured for their deeds and sacrifices.
The Army of Goyaz
Goyaz will be defended to the last man if need be, and we will stand vigilant to avoid Paulista treachery.
Recruit New Officer Corps
Our officers scattered after the occupation began; many went into exile, others formed guerrilla bands. We must restore the capacity of our army, and thus we will do an effort to track them, and invite them back.
Infantry Equipment Licences
There are currently to manufacturers in Goyaz qualified enough to do the sweeping equipment effort we need. And for that, we will approach foreigners, and acquire licences and blueprints.
Artillery Renewal
The few artillery pieces the occupying force left are not enough to properly outfit an army. We should act swiftly to remedy this, our men on the ground need the firepower!
Modern War Machines
We will ensure that our armoured and mobile forces can compete in this ever changing era of warfare.
Special Forces of the Republic
We will have specially trained commandos, ready to defend their nation when the need arises.
Legacy of the Pioneers
Strike at zero hour\nWith overwhelming firepower\nThey're fueled by the fear in their enemies' eyes\nIt's a Shock Troop infiltration...
Renew Aerial Investments
Our air force was, in all respects, dismantled before it even took off. We must invest in new aircraft and staff if we want to keep the skies above the Chaco safe.
Bomber Squadrons
Our air superiority will be meaningless if we can't rain fire and punishment upon the enemy!
Goyaz
Goyan
Goyaz
Brazilian Republican Army
Republican
the Brazilian Republican Army
