Pact of Blood
Romania
Romanian
Romania
Romanian Socialist Republic
the Romanian Socialist Republic
Romanian Socialist Republic
the Romanian Socialist Republic
Romanian Socialist Republic
the Romanian Socialist Republic
PSR-FA
Partidul Sindicalist Român - Fractiunea Avangardista (Romanian Syndicalist Party - Avant-Garde Faction)\n§LOperating primarily as an underground movement, the Romanian Syndicalist Party seeks to follow the model of the French Communards, in line with the Romanian intelligentsia's long-term Francophilia. They seek the removal of reactionary forces, including the Monarchy and the Legion, but unlike in France, they have far more of an agrarian bend, owing to Romania's economic conditions.\n\nThe Avant-Garde faction is somewhat estranged even from the rest of the Syndicalist Party, owing to their disregard of consequences in the pursuit of a socialist Romania, even if it leads to an authoritarian regime. They are, however, the fringe of a fringe, and are highly unlikely to realise their vision any time soon.§!\n
PSR-CC
Partidul Sindicalist Român - Comitetul Central (Romanian Syndicalist Party - Central Committee)\n§LOperating primarily as an underground movement, the Romanian Syndicalist Party seeks to follow the model of the French Communards, in line with the Romanian intelligentsia's long-term Francophilia. They seek the removal of reactionary forces, including the Monarchy and the Legion, but unlike in France, they have far more of an agrarian bend, owing to Romania's economic conditions.\n\nThe Central Committee maintains extensive links with French and British political figures and thinkers, in the interest of emulating a model that has been proven to work, as Romania has done before.§!\n
PSR-FI
Partidul Sindicalist Român - Fractiunea Internationalista (Romanian Syndicalist Party - Internationalist Faction)\n§LOperating primarily as an underground movement, the Romanian Syndicalist Party seeks to follow the model of the French Communards, in line with the Romanian intelligentsia's long-term Francophilia. They seek the removal of reactionary forces, including the Monarchy and the Legion, but unlike in France, they have far more of an agrarian bend, owing to Romania's economic conditions.\n\nThe Internationalist Faction seeks extensive cooperation with not just the Western Syndicalists, but with socialists around the world, regardless of the exact way they implement their ideology.§!\n
PSDR
Partidul Social Democrat Român (Romanian Social Democratic Party)\n§LLeft-wing movements, influenced by Western socialists, have been a part of the Romanian political scene since the mid-late 19th century. The Romanian Social Democratic Party, founded in 1893, is one of the few left-wing parties that have escaped total suppression following the red scare brought on by the British Revolution of 1923.\n\nDespite this, they remain popular only amongst urban industrial workers, and are reviled as \
PŢ
Partidul Ţărănesc (Peasants' Party)\n§LA newcomer to the Romanian political scene, the Peasants' Party directly owes its existence to the Weltkrieg, as promises of sweeping land reforms were made by King Ferdinand to aid mobilisation, and as the war turned against Romania, universal suffrage was also promised.\n\nRomania's defeat in the Weltkrieg and the associated hardships faced by ordinary Romanians has enabled the PŢ to carve out a viable niche for itself in the immediate aftermath of the war. However, with bitterness widespread in the population, many voters who would otherwise have aligned with the Peasants' Party have flocked to the Legion instead.§!\n
PNL
Partidul Naţional-Liberal (National-Liberal Party)\n§LThe National-Liberals are the heirs to a political legacy stretching before the existence of Romania itself, representing the interests of the wealthy classes and the bourgeoisie. For most of its history, the party has been dominated by the Brătianu family and their scions, who have served as Prime Ministers in most National-Liberal governments.\n\nDespite their commitment to a protectionist flavour of capitalism and to the enfranchisement of the Romanian peasantry, they are a nationalist and irredentist party, tainted by the bloody suppression of the 1907 peasant revolt.§!\n
PC
Partidul Conservator (Conservative Party)\n§LFounded in 1880, the Conservative Party of Romania is a shell of its former self. Once one of the two main ruling parties, alongside the National-Liberals, it first started declining in the wake of the 1907 peasant revolt. Its traditionally landholding voter base was alienated with the concessions on land reform made in 1913, and the party was further split on the issue of joining the Weltkrieg.\n\nGiven the Legion's focus on championing the cause of peasants, the remnants of the Conservatives were the first to be targeted, first with rhetoric, then with legislation. It is highly unlikely the Conservatives will ever be a political force in Romania again.§!\n
GM
Guvernul Militar (Military Government)\n§LWhile lacking a history of significant politicisation, the relatively young Romanian Army's personnel possess varying loyalties. Despite this, they remain loyal to the civilian government, and are unlikely to seize power unless exceptional circumstances occur.§!\n
Camarila Regală
Camarila Regală (Royal Camarilla)\n§LOperating outside the traditional political framework, Carol's favourites, courtiers and spies serve as the King's unofficial counter to the Legionaries. Members of high society, who view the Legionaries as hooligans and upstarts, and their reforms as unnecessarily radical, find associating with the increasingly authoritarian Carol's circle of cronies far more palatable.§!\n
FRN
Frontul Renaşterii Naţionale (National Renaissance Front)\n§LWith the Legion removed as a political obstacle, and with other dissidents kept in check, King Carol has overseen the filling of the vacuum by a new, true political force. The FRN is a true mass party, espousing nationalistic, populistic and monarchistic rhetoric.\n\nThe Front, is in truth, little more than an \
Frontul Renaşterii Naţionale (National Renaissance Front)
LAM
Legiunea Arhanghelului Mihail (Legion of the Archangel Michael)\n§LThe Weltkrieg left Romania a horribly scarred nation, even though her soldiers fought valiantly, achieving victory after victory at Oituz, Mărăşti and Mărăşeşti. Claiming to carry the torch of this glory is the Legion of the Archangel Michael.\n\nLed by the \
PNŢ-S
Aripa de Stânga a Partidului Naţional Ţărănesc (Left Wing of the National Peasant Party)\n§LFollowing the Great Union, the Romanian National Party of Transylvania merged with the Peasants' Party to give rise to the National Peasant Party, a powerful proponent for the interests of smallfarmers and the lower urban classes, and a credible alternative to the National-Liberals in a restored Romanian democratic system. The left wing of the party emphasises the importance of allowing worker self-organisation, and seeks the creation of a welfare state.§!\n
PNŢ-C
Aripa de Centru a Partidului Naţional Ţărănesc (Centre Wing of the National Peasant Party)\n§LFollowing the Great Union, the Romanian National Party of Transylvania merged with the Peasants' Party to give rise to the National Peasant Party, a powerful proponent for the interests of smallfarmers and the lower urban classes, and a credible alternative to the National-Liberals in a restored Romanian democratic system. The centre of the party seeks an even-handed approach to urban-rural development, with an emphasis on decentralisation and upholding of social harmony.§!\n
PNŢ-D
Aripa de Dreapta a Partidului Naţional Ţărănesc (Right Wing of the National Peasant Party)\n§LFollowing the Great Union, the Romanian National Party of Transylvania merged with the Peasants' Party to give rise to the National Peasant Party, a powerful proponent for the interests of smallfarmers and the lower urban classes, and a credible alternative to the National-Liberals in a restored Romanian democratic system. The right wing of the party is strongly agrarian in nature, seeking a reinforcement of the land reform and a strengthening of the judicial branch.§!\n
Totul pentru Ţară (Everything for the Country)\n§LProvidence had a strange destiny in mind for the Legionaries. With the breakdown of order following the conflict between the King and Codreanu, the Legion sought to reimagine itself as a political party, instead of chasing a mythical destiny.\n\nWhile the more radical members of the movement have been either sidelined or killed, the rebranded Legionaries still propose a \
TpŢ
Malaxa
Universitatea din Bucureşti
Rafinaria Steaua Română
Fabrica de Arme Cugir
Societatea Concordia
UDR
Leonida
Industria Aeronautică Română
ICAR
Fabrica de Avioane SET
Şantierul Naval Constanţa
Coastal Defence Production
Mobile Tank Destroyers
Literary Figures
Great Game
The Great Game
[ROM_great_game_bop_desc]
The Legionary movement might hold all important government functions, but Carol II is still the king - and there are many who would prefer a strong monarch over the populist cult of Codreanu. We cannot yet risk open conflict with the Legionaries, but after our foreign enemies have been conquered, §Rall bets are off.§!
The Legionaries have achieved a strong position in the government, but the king looms over their heads, conspiring and waiting for a sign of weakness. We must not let him threaten our state. However, we cannot yet risk open conflict with the king, but after our foreign enemies have been conquered, §Rall bets are off.§!\n\n
King Carol II
Conducător Codreanu
$ROM_power_balance_carol_winning$
$ROM_power_balance_carol_losing$
Legion - Noisy Opposition
Legion - Hard-Pressed
Legion - Weakening Grasp
Legion - Strong Grip
Legion - Control of the Legislation
Legion - Total Control
Equilibrium of Power
King - Total Autocrat
King - Strong Autocrat
King - Autocratic
King - Weakening Grip
King - Diminishing Power
King - Weak Control
The Great Game
The King and the Captain are playing a Great Game, and at stake is everything - the future of all of Romania. For now, the pair is evenly matched in power, which makes every important decision a question of compromise.
Incomplete Land Reform
The Legionary Land Reform of 1934 never quite ended, but rather was put on hold due to pressure from the Monarchy. The Captain, however, has not given up on the idea.
Unionist Zeal
One of the few unifying threads between Carol II and Codreanu is the desire to bring the Romanian people under one single banner. Whether out of Pan-Romanianism or a desire for glory, Romanian politics, at least for the moment, is focused on this grand goal.
Unionist Zeal
One of the few unifying threads between Carol II and Codreanu is the desire to bring the Romanian people under one single banner. Whether out of Pan-Romanianism or a desire for glory, Romanian politics, at least for the moment, is focused on this grand goal.
Transylvanian Sabotage Campaign
Carpathian Recon
Serviciul Special de Informaţii
The Legionary Movement, already atypical amongst organisations of its kind, has taken the daring step of creating its own internal intelligence service.
German Economic Hegemony
According to the Treaty of Bucharest, large parts of Romanian industry and resources are under the control of German-Austrian corporations. The most important of these is the Oil-lands Leasehold Company Ltd, which operates the Ploiesti oil fields under German ownership. Additionally these corporations own a large part of the Romanian railway network, effectively dragging down the development of Romanian industry.\n\n§RThe Ploiesti Oil fields remain in German control.§!
Economic Crash
The effects of Black Monday in Germany has left our economy in ruins.
Economy in Recession
Even with Black Monday now behind us, the economy is feeling the effects of this economic downturn, leaving Romania in an economic recession.
Recovering Economy
The Romanian economy has begun to recover from the economic recession. However, we still have a long way to go!
German Trade Sanctions
The German government has placed sanctions on Romania, Severely limiting our trade with them.
Integration of Transylvania
While we now control all of Transylvania, it will take some time to be integrated into the Romanian state.
The Great Union
After centuries of disunity, the Romanian people have been brought together under one nation and one flag!
Agency of Public Works
Under the Captain's command, a system of public works have begun across the nation.
Obligatory Labour Camps
Thousands of selfless Romanians are putting themselves at work for the economic growth of the Fatherland!
Like Sun in the Sky
The victory of the Captain has been secured. The entire Romanian people put their faith in him and would rather die than give up one inch of Romanian soil!
Like Sun in the Sky
The victory of the Old Fighter has been secured. The entire Romanian people put their faith in him and would rather die than give up one inch of Romanian soil!
Like Sun in the Sky
The victory of the Commander has been secured. The entire Romanian people put their faith in him and would rather die than give up one inch of Romanian soil!
Like Sun in the Sky
The victory of the Green Prince has been secured. The entire Romanian people put their faith in him and would rather die than give up one inch of Romanian soil!
Increasingly Diverse Agriculture
Mechanising Our Agriculture
Mechanising Our Agriculture
Rural Infrastructure Projects
Rural Infrastructure Projects
Mechanisation of Agriculture
Mechanisation of Agriculture
Rural Infrastructure
Rural Infrastructure
Strength from the Land
Great, unequal estates have been broken up. The countryside is developing and prosperous, and the most important of all, loyal to the idea of Romania and the Captain that keeps it safe.
Codreanu's Land Reform
The land has been shared fairly to the peasants who cultivate it, and the countryside prospers.
Completed Land Reform
The most pressing issues of Romanian agriculture and industry have been fixed, even though neither Codreanu or the king can claim to have achieved their vision.
The King's Land Reform
The unrest in the countryside has been fixed through compromises with the landowners, and the king has directed great funds towards rapid industrial development.
Romania of the Future
The king has truly modernised Romanian agrarian infrastructure and along with it the land ownership situation, leading to a much more efficient economy. Even though he did not fulfil the original promises of equal land share, the booming exports economy has greatly helped the plight of many.
Dive Bombing Aces
Dogfighting Aces
Control of the Danube
Expanded Danube Infrastructure
Carpathian Hunters
Fortification Works
No Stepping Back!
Strike Like Lightning
Strike Like Lightning
Legionary Worker Corps
Legionary Worker Corps
Expanded Legionary Worker Corps
Echipa Mortii
Death, only a Legionnaire's death\nIs our dearest wedding of weddings,\nFor the Holy Cross, for the country\nWe defeat forests and conquer mountains;\nNo prison can frighten us,\nNor any torture, or enemy storm;\nIf we all fall, hit in the forehead,\nDeath for the Captain is dear to us!
Cross Brotherhoods
Sentinels of the Fatherland
Camarilla
Camarilla
Camarilla
Royal Philanthropy
Crown Patronage
The King Who Watches Over Us
Calls for Democracy
The Legionaries have been ousted from power, and many of the old establishment politicians are now looking for the triumphant King to re-establish elections and return to pre-Codreanu government.
Rebuilding the Democracy
Despite Romania's new path towards free elections and fair parliament, the administration is marred by the decade of dictatorship. Corruption and political violence are still commonplace, and many have little faith in the party system.
Through Us Ourselves
Orderly Constitution
Open Doors Policy
Rural Cooperative Banks
Limited Dirigism
The Peasant State
Maniu's Peasant Constitution
Madgearu's Peasant Constitution
Vaida-Voevod's Peasant Constitution
The Peasant Constitution
Defanging the Legionaries
New Legionary Image
Peace Between Legion and King
Numerus Valachichus
Legionary Cooperatives
Green-Tinted Democracy
Iron Guard Interventions
National Brotherhood
National Brotherhood
National Brotherhood
National-Legionary State
Warrior Cult
Strikes
Brătianu Family Connections
Treaty of Suceava
§GTotal Autocrat§!
§GStrong Autocrat§!
§GAutocratic§!
§YEquilibrium of Power§!
§YWeakening Grip§!
§RDiminishing Power§!
§RWeak Control§!
§GTotal Control§!
§GControl of the Legislation§!
§GStrong Grip§!
§YEquilibrium of Power§!
§YWeakening Grasp§!
§RHard-Pressed§!
§RNoisy Opposition§!
Trade Relations with nations in the Reichspakt will §Rcollapse§!.
Has taken the King's side in the Great Game.
Has taken the Captain's side in the Great Game.
Requires at least §RHard-Pressed§! for the Legionaries.
Requires at least §YEquilibrium of Power§! for the Legionaries.
Requires at least §YEquilibrium of Power§! for the king.
Requires at least §GStrong Grip§! for the Legionaries.
Requires at least §GAutocratic§! for the king.
The rewards of this branch will cancel should the King lose his game.
The rewards of this branch will cancel should the Captain lose his game.
§CThe last National Spirit of this section of the tree will give you a unique National Spirit depending on your choices. By starting with King Carol's programme, your final focus will move closer to his vision of an urban and advanced Romania.§!\n
§CThe last National Spirit of this section of the tree will give you a unique National Spirit depending on your choices. By starting with Codreanu's reform, your final focus will move closer to his vision of a strong and agricultural Romania.§!\n
Move towards §HCodreanu's economic policy§!.\n
Move greatly towards §HCodreanu's economic policy§!.
Move towards §HKing Carol's economic policy§!.\n
Move greatly towards §HKing Carol's economic policy§!.\n
§CYou will get a National Spirit depending on your previous economic choices. Codreanu's reform will grant you strong manpower base and stability, while Carol's vision is focused on industry and technological advancement.§!\n
Finding New Markets
§GWe will seek new markets away from the German domination.§!\nThis will eventually remove the effects of the Black Monday.
Trade Negotiations with [FROM.GetNameDef]
Trade Deal with the Russians
Trade Deal with the Entente
Trade Deal with the Greeks
Trade Deal with the Serbians
Is negotiating any trade deal
Foreign Relations
Join the Entente
We will seek closer relations with our old allies.
Leave the Belgrade Pact
Now that we have regained our ancestral lands, and bested our common foes, some are questioning our continued military alliance with our Balkan neighbours. Should we continue this formal alliance, lest we be dragged into some further conflict our current allies might find themselves part of, or our interests best kept staying close to those nearest to us?
Leave the [FROM.GetFactionName]
Now that we have regained our ancestral lands, and bested our common foes, some are questioning our continued military alliance. Should we continue this formal alliance, lest we be dragged into some further conflict our current allies might find themselves part of, or our interests best kept staying close to those nearest to us?
You will play from the persepective of the Legionary movement. Your $MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$ will be tied to $national_populist_coloured$ popularity.\n
You will play from the perspective of King Carol II. Your $MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$ will be tied to $paternal_autocrat_coloured$ popularity.\n
$unlocks_decisions$ to §HSupport Separatists in Transylvania.§!\n
Enables £decision_icon_small §HDecision§! to §HDemand Transylvania.§!\n
By extending §GLegionary Movement§! beyond the Carpathians the Iron Guard will grow in strength should we achieve the reunification.
Mapping out the border defences will strengthen our initial attack.
§RAll of Transylvania will rise with us.§!
§OA large part of Transylvania will rise with us.§!
§YA sizeable part of Transylvania will rise with us.§!
§gThere is little support for the rebellion in Transylvania.§!
§gThere is no support for an armed rebellion in Transylvania.§!
Unlocks £decision_icon_small §HDecision§! to §HDemand Bucovina§!.
Unlocks £decision_icon_small §HDecision§! to §HDemand West Banat§!.
Unlocks £decision_icon_small §HDecisions§! to §HCore Transylvania§! and §HJoin Factions§!.
Romania was defeated by Bulgaria in the Fourth Balkan War
Legionary Romania
Legionary Romania
Legionary
§HVirgil Madgearu§! and the §Sleft-wing§! will lead the §HNational Peasants' Party§!.\n
§HIuliu Maniu§! and the §lcentre§! will lead the §HNational Peasants' Party§!.\n
§HAlexandru Vaida-Voevod§! and the §cright-wing§! will lead the §HNational Peasants' Party§!.\n
Replace §H$ROM_peasant_state_idea$§! and §H$ROM_dirigism$§! with §H$ROM_peasant_constitution_soccon$§!\nEffective change:\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §G+20.00%§!
Replace §H$ROM_peasant_state_idea$§! and §H$ROM_dirigism$§! with §H$ROM_peasant_constitution_soclib$§!\nEffective change:\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §G+20.00%§!
Replace §H$ROM_peasant_state_idea$§! and §H$ROM_dirigism$§! with §H$ROM_peasant_constitution_socdem$§!\nEffective change:\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §G+20.00%§!
The National Peasants' Party (PNŢ) under Virgil Madgearu stands firm as the principal alternative to the PNL. Leading a strong progressive campaign, Madgearu is pushing for further reforms and the improvement of living conditions in rural areas as claimed representatives of the peasantry.
The National Peasants' Party (PNŢ) under Iuliu Maniu stands firm as the principal alternative to the PNL. Leading a strong centrist campaign, Maniu hopes to achieve a wide base of support in parliament through compromise in order to push for moderate reforms and the improvement of living conditions in rural areas.
The National Peasants' Party (PNŢ) under Alexandru Vaida-Voevod stands firm as the principal alternative to the PNL. Leading a strong conservative campaign, Vaida-Voevod is pushing for economic reforms and political stability in order to improve the living conditions in rural areas, which the PNŢ claims to represent.
There is little unity among Romanian democrats outside of the PNL. The Peasants' Party, while influential in Moldavia, remains marginalised where the National Liberals remain dominant. On the left, the Romanian Social-Democratic Party remains unable to make headway outside of the urban workers, while radicals are largely irrelevant.
There is little unity among Romanian democrats outside of the PNL. The Peasants' Party, while influential in Moldavia, remains marginalised where the National Liberals remain dominant. In Transylvania, the Romanian National Party is solidly in control. The two parties have been unable to form a coherent coalition to oppose the PNL. On the left, the Romanian Social-Democratic Party remains unable to make headway outside of the urban workers, while radicals are largely irrelevant.
£command_power §H80§! £support_texticon  §H30§!
£command_power §R80§! £support_texticon  §R30§!
It costs $CP_80_support_30_blocked$ to take the decision
£pol_power §H30§! £support_texticon  §H30§!
£pol_power §R30§! £support_texticon  §R30§!
It costs $PP_30_support_30_blocked$ to take the decision
£command_power §H80§! £pol_power §H50§!
£command_power §R80§! £pol_power §R50§!
It costs $CP_80_PP_50_blocked$ to take the decision
£pol_power §H25§! £command_power §H100§!
£pol_power §R25§! £command_power §R100§!
It costs $PP_25_CP_100_blocked$ to take the decision
£pol_power §H30§! £rifle_texticon §H500§!
£pol_power §R30§! £rifle_texticon §R500§!
It costs $PP_30_infantry_equipment_500_blocked$ to take the decision
£pol_power §H30§! £rifle_texticon §H500§!
£pol_power §R30§! £rifle_texticon §R500§!
It costs $PP_30_infantry_equipment_250_blocked$ to take the decision
£pol_power §H50§! £rifle_texticon §H500§!
£pol_power §R50§! £rifle_texticon §R500§!
It costs $PP_50_infantry_equipment_500_blocked$ to take the decision
£pol_power §H10§! £support_texticon  §H40§! £rifle_texticon §H250§!
£pol_power §R10§! £support_texticon  §R40§! £rifle_texticon §R250§!
It costs $PP_10_support_40_infantry_equipment_250_blocked$ to take the decision
Transylvanian Resistance
Transylvanian Collaboration
We will start organising an open revolt in Transylvania to support our invasion.
§HTransylvania§!:
Active Insurgency: $VALUE|=-%0$
Arrange Public Appearances
Appearances can be everything to our rural population, and by showing them the splendour of His Majesty the king we can increase our support amongst this vital segment of our population.
Recruit Monarchist Conspirators
We will need loyal men if we are to take down the Green Hydra, and through proper channels of communication, we will find them and bring them to our side.
High-Society Contacts
As popular as Codreanu's men can seem, the King is in possession of a vast array of contacts in high society as well; industrialists, aspiring magnates, non-sympathising nobles and the remnants of the former Conservative Party, de facto headed by the powerful Constantin Argetoianu. By discreetly pulling a few strings and shifting high-society discourse ever more in our illustrious monarch's favour, we can undermine their support from above, ultimately leading to an erosion of their base below.
Sow Discontent Among Legionaries
While a daunting movement at a glance, the Legionaries are not immune to factionalism; and royal informants show that the internal divisions among the Legionaries may be deeper than we thought. A few overtures here and there and that pesky Codreanu will be too busy handling his own men to challenge us.
Newspaper Propaganda
The written word is a weapon of the highest calibre, and both the king and his green-clad rivals acknowledge this fact. By increasing our loyal media's reach and setting up new magazines and newspapers, we will make sure our word reaches more people than the Legionaries'.
Fund Maglavit Monastery
Ever since the 1935 divine apparition, Maglavit has become a popular pilgrimage site amongst the Romanians. By tapping into this influx of faith, we can increase our standing amongst the faithful.
Compromise with the Guard
Sometimes it does make the nation more stable if we compromise and give some power to the opposition.
Infiltrate the Royal Court
As much as we respect the institution of the monarchy, the current monarch gives us cause for concern. He thinks himself safe behind his palace's walls... well, we will just have to make sure that no word said there escapes our watch.
Harass Political Enemies
While we have taken a great step forward towards the Great Legionary Victory, our enemies still lie in wait, darkening the Romanian people's minds with their poison-coated whispers. This cannot be allowed to stand.
Pass Populist Policies
The king speaks; we act. We must act in accordance with our Captain's words, and show the populace of Romania that we are indeed doing all we can to better their lot.
Hold Legionary Rally
While we have bypassed the early phase of our struggle, we must remain vigilant, for enemies still lie in wait. A show of force and unity will not only awe the people of Romania, but it will also show that we truly fight as one soul.
Quest for Greater Romania
Ever since Michael the Great established his kingdom, our holy task has been clear: a Romanian union on both slopes of the Carpathians. An union with the plains of Bucovina, where Stephen the Great has slept for centuries. In our moral energy and our valour lie the means of giving him back his birthright of a great and free Romania from the Tisa to the Black Sea, and to prosper in peace in accordance with our customs and our hopes and dreams.\n[ROM_revolt_strength_desc]
Factions of the Legion
The Legion is hardly a unitary movement. Even though each and everyone only seeks greatness for all Romanians, many disagree on the exact methods and on the question of leadership. Corneliu Codreanu has solidified his position as a clear leading personality among the movement...\n\n... but his position will not be an eternal one, and his grip of the movement requires constant reaffirming. Codreanu's hold of the movement is [ROM_IG_CZC_influence].\n§GCodreanu's Grip:§! [?ROM_IG_CZC]\n§YOld Guard of the Legion:§! [?ROM_IG_OG]\n§CLegionary Worker Corps:§! [?ROM_IG_CML]\n§RThe Radical Wing:§! [?ROM_IG_CNTZ]\n
§GUncontested§!
§RContested§!
Rein in the Legion
The Captain's grip is easily tightened by careful side-lining of those who differ from the party line while promoting Codreanu's loyalists to important roles.
Work with the Old Guard
Favour the Legionary Worker Corps
Seek Support of the Radicals
The assassins were punished on regicide charges.
§RThe radical faction will not like this.§!
Cooperating with the Old Guard
Cooperating with Legionary Worker Corps
Cooperating with the Radicals
§GCodreanu§! has the most influence.
§GOld Guard§! has the most influence.
§GLegionary Worker Corps§! has the most influence.
§GThe Radicals§! has the most influence.
Legion Without Purpose
We have achieved Greater Romania under the command of our beloved Captain, but without common goal the Legionary movement can hardly stay united with the sheer cult of personality alone. Codreanu, having achieved victory over his external enemies, is now challenged by his own. Will he compromise within the Guard and share power, or seek to mould the Legion once more into his image?
Disappointed in their Captain's dismissive attitude towards varying factions within the Legion, §Rmany members have left§! Codreanu's chapters to found their own sister organisations outside LAM control.
Legion is stabilised.
Under Mota's guidance Transylvanian §Gagriculture§! will be improved, but he will no matter what §Rgrow his own powerbase§! there.
Under Sima's guidance Transylvanian §Bindustry§! will be improved, but he will no matter what §Rgrow his own powerbase§! there.
Cantacuzino and his supporters will §Rgreatly increase§! their power.
Codreanu has centralised his rule.
§GThis bonus will change depending on who wins the Legionary power struggle.§!
Integration of Transylvanian Chapters
Transylvanian Chapters Integrated
$ROM_Mota_TRS_guard_modifier$
Expansion of Legionary Intelligence
Organisation of the Legionary Police
Restrict Party Membership
Legionary Public Works
Tour the Chapters
Centralise Power
Appoint Mota
Appoint Sima
Appoint Cantacuzino
Codreanu §Gtightens§! his grip over the Legion. The strongest faction will §Rlose§! strength.
The Old Guard §Rgains§! power.
The Old Guard §Rgreatly gains§! power.
Legionary Worker Corps §Rgain§! power.
Legionary Worker Corps §Rgreatly gain§! power.
The Radicals §Rgain§! power.
The Radicals §Rgreatly gain§! power.
Codreanu's grip over the Legion §Rweakens.§!
Compromising §Greduces§! their power.
The Saviour of Romania
King Carol II has led Romania to greatness and prosperity, and has undisputable control over the nation. However, his ambition knows no bounds, as it is his God-given duty to lead all the Romanians into new Golden Age of Prosperity and Peace... and perhaps enjoy well-deserved fruits of his work, too.
Public Works Programmes
Organise Prestigious Military Parade
Fund the Royal Academy
Fund Radio Romania
Royal Holiday in Nice
Royal Holiday in Estoril
Royal Holiday in Rio de Janeiro
Transylvanian Ultimatum
Fund Separatist Cells
Spread Anti-[ROM_propaganda_decision_target] Propaganda
Organise Transylvanian Iron Guard
Carpathian Recon Operation
Our experienced mountain troops can cross the border beforehand to map the Carpathian pathways with the supportive locals. This will greatly aid our invasion after it starts.
Arm the Separatist Cells
Secret Military Mission
Sabotage Railways
Harass Garrisons
Strike the Airfields
Organise the Uprising
Secure Transylvania
Has started or completed decision £decision_icon_small §H$ROM_smuggle_arms$§!
Integration of [From.GetName]
The Romanian lands across the Carpathian have been separated from the motherland for so long that its integration proved to be a serious challenge to our bureaucracy and administration. Finally, [From.GetName] is ready to be fully integrated into the Greater Romanian state, with new counties and electoral districts to be created.
Pacification of [789.GetName]
The Hungarian-majority region in Eastern Transylvania will be difficult to integrate into Greater Romania, for they are openly hostile to it. Nevertheless, the Army and Gendarmerie will make sure to maintain order and ensure that land reform can be properly enacted (prioritising local Romanians, of course). They will soon understand that all of Transylvania is to remain Romanian regardless of their hostility.
Integration of [789.GetName]
Integrating the Hungarian-majority region of Transylvania has not been an easy task. Our success so far can be attributed to its isolation from Hungary-proper, largely surrounded by loyal Romanians. Nevertheless, the next step is to take advantage of socio-economic and cultural divisions between Hungarian nobles and Szeklers while supporting those willing to cooperate with our government.
Together, Now And Forever
Because the Romanian lands across the Carpathians have been under foreign domination for so long, integrating them will be a significant task, for their economies are geared towards their old oppressors. Trade and administrative relations must be shifted towards Bucharest and for the benefit of the ethnic Romanians of the region, not foreigners and their bloated feudal estates.
The Mehedinti Commission
Connect the Railways
Transylvania's railways were under the Hungarian government's railway corporation until we liberated it from them. Now, those railway lines and administrative centres must be reorganised and integrated into CFR, Romania's own railway authority.
Rosia Montana Mining
Rosia Montana has been home to large-scale mining operations for centuries. With the Austro-Hungarian authorities gone, we can reorganise and expand these operations to the benefits of our state and the Romanian miners in the area.
Additional Prospecting
With further investments, the riches hidden in the Carpathians can be revealed to support the industrialisation of Romania and the expansion of the national economy.
Reorganise Resita Steelworks
The Resita Works are significant producers of steel in the newly liberated regions. Until now, they were owned by an Austrian firm, and will be reorganised into a properly Romanian firm, the Uzinele de Fier si Domeniile Resita (UDR).
Undo Foreign Influence
For centuries, the Romanians of Transylvania have been under foreign rule and their influence remain deeply entrenched. Their remnants must be swept away and replaced, for Transylvania must reflect its role as a heartland of Romanian culture.
Land for Romanians
With Transylvania ours, it is only natural that we apply the land reform bill there. This will greatly empower formerly-oppressed local Romanians and dispossess the foreign Magyar nobility, allowing the former to take their rightful place in the region's economy and administration and dismantling the latter's iron grip on the region.
Monetary Union
Transylvania's economy has been under foreign control for centuries, with the Austro-Hungarian krone being the currency used. Replacing the Krone with the Leu seems easy on paper, but it will be a long and destabilising process to actually achieve. Nevertheless, it is an important step to shift Transylvania's economy towards Bucharest.
Together, Now and Forever
This day will become known as the Great Union Day where the old principalities of Wallachia, Moldavia, and Transylvania are finally reunited. Unlike Michael the Brave's union, this one will be permanent, and the Romanian people will finally be Together, Now and Forever.
Promised Land Reform
Even if the King is lukewarm towards it, Land Reform has been promised and it is about time to deliver. Even if it ends up differently than Codreanu intends, land reform must be properly enacted for the good of Romania's peasants and the future of the nation.
Promised Land Reform
Land reform has been the cornerstone of Codreanu's policy, but has had to overcome numerous obstacles to even be enacted. Now, however, people are growing impatient of promises and few results, and it is about time for us to deliver proper, noticeable results to show our government's great efforts.
Demand West Banat
There is a sizeable Romanian minority living in the Western Banat, one we should protect at all costs.
Demand Bucovina
The Bucovina region is a rightful part of our realm, with many of its inhabitants longing for reunification like their Transylvanian brothers did before them.
Pact of Organisation
As part of our desire to deepen ties with our allies and to improve the economic situation of the entire Balkan region, we can propose the formation of an economic union. An Economic Council will be formed to direct it, consisting of trade and financial experts from its member states, which will advise the Belgrade Pact's leaders. The more members agree, the stronger the benefits will be.
Deepen Economic Ties
Thus far, the economic union is proving to be very beneficial for all its members, and we are in a position to improve it further by enacting new policies suggested by the Economic Council.
Negotiate with Russia
Negotiate with Germany
Rebuilding the Democratic Nation
These past years have been grim for Romanian democracy, and many government institutions are marred by authoritarian policies of Codreanu and Carol II. There is a lot to do to ensure that the Romania we build now will be able to keep its democracy and eather the future storms of authoritarianism and radicalism.
Reorganisation of the Gendarmerie
Romanian law enforcement system has for long time been a stronghold of the supporters of the authoritarian regime. To ensure that the new liberties will be respected, we need to completely overhaul the system.
Reform the Educational System
A generation of Romanian youth has grown up under the warping influence of both Codreanu's radicalism and Carol's autocracy. If our democracy is to succeed, we need to reform the education system and wash away the cult of personality.
Administrative Decentralisation
Lift the Censorship
Agrarian Debt Forgiveness
Restructuring the Administration
Law on Simple Majorities
Organise State Enterprises
The Electoral Reform
Regulation of the Industrial Syndicates
Promote Indigenous Capital
Romanian Focus Tree
Manoeuvres in the Carpathians
The Carpathian Mountains split the Romanian people in two; half living within our nation, and the other under the oppressive boot of Hungarian rule. Article XI of the Treaty of Bucharest further ceded the passes and surrounding strategic territory to Austria-Hungary, but we know one day these lands will be reclaimed. Large-scale manoeuvres on the border will demonstrate our commitment to our co-ethnics.
The Code of Honour
Less of a party and more of a chivalric organisation, we act according to a code of honour, given to us by our Captain, Corneliu Zelea Codreanu. In these trying times, adherence to it must be stricter than ever, considering our enemies have not disappeared, but have simply hidden themselves in the shadows.
Cuiburi Chapters
The Iron Guard is organised in chapters called cuiburi, or \
Deeds, Not Words
Flowery speeches and demagoguery have characterised Romanian politicians in the past... until we stepped in to finally clamp down on this rampant decadence. All their speeches have barely materialised into policies that actually helped anyone; we shall act first, then talk.
Empower the Legionary Worker Corps
Drawn from the Legionary-leaning industrial workers of Romania, the Legionary Worker Corps is an as-of-yet untapped wellspring of support and power, and one with tremendous potential to boot. By expanding its reach and its power, we will be able to project our power across even more strata of Romanian society.
Ethos of Legionary Labour
While our Captain works tirelessly to imbue our values into our new recruits, our leadership has noticed that we still have relapse cases. As the Romania of tomorrow cannot be reached by laziness, we will make sure to impart our ethos of labour by expanding our internal work camp and recreation camp system. With hardened iron chests and the souls of lilies, we shall build the Romania of tomorrow.
Intellectuals and the Green Banner
While many intellectuals like Ionescu, Acterian and Polihroniade have already chosen to stand besides the Legionary Movement, many still choose to rally around the king or around the old parties and their supporters. Our efforts to attract more young minds to our cause must increase, and the older, established intellectuals must also be swayed to our cause.
Militarise Cross Brotherhoods
The Cross Brotherhoods are our junior wing, responsible for instilling values and preparing the youth of Romania for later service within our ranks; the squires to our knights. And, like the squires of old, we have to swallow our pride and start familiarising them with the concepts of struggle, for war is looming on the horizon and every citizen of Romania must be ready to defend his homeland.
Lay the Seeds for the Camarilla
With most of the other political forces in this country having been sidelined, the sole obstacle left in the king's way towards complete Royal control is the Legionary Movement itself. Powerful they may seem, but the king is crafty, and with his acumen for political intrigue, we may successfully put aside our green-coated sledgehammers.
Royal Foundation of Arts and Sciences
The Romanian nation has no shortage of bright minds, and in his wisdom, the king recognises that many of these minds just need an extra ounce of support to achieve their potential. By establishing the Royal Foundation of Arts and Sciences, we will not only gain a reputation as patrons of arts and knowledge, but also increase royal support amongst the ranks of the intelligentsia.
Appear Alongside Codreanu
The so-called Captain, Corneliu Zelea Codreanu, may not seem that powerful at a glance but he still represents the hope for national unification in the eyes of many. However many of these same people can also look upon the king as having such a role, and just as the sky cannot harbour two suns, so shall the king upstage his former pawn.
Study the Legionaries
While these Legionary hooligans tend to irk the king more and more through their attempts at side-lining him and ruling alone, one cannot deny that their methods are quite useful. If our King is to take his rightful place as the Fatherland's favourite son, we have to take at least a few pages from their play-book for our own ends.
Rural Outreach
The Romanian nation has a profoundly rural character, making the peasantry the nation's basic building block. Unfortunately, they can be too preoccupied with their local surroundings to pay attention to what truly matters. By well-placed visits and rural development programmes, the peasantry will be swayed towards His Majesty's figure, and they shall rally around their King like the planets around the Sun.
Support Dimitrie Gusti
The pre-eminent professor and sociologist Dimitrie Gusti has been carrying out important anthropological work among rural communities while showing some sympathy for the king. We will give Professor Gusti as much money as he needs to carry out his research, and begin a large-scale cultural programme to win over the peasantry. Our reign shall shine as brightly as the Sun!
Sentinels of the Fatherland
Ever-understanding of the youth's role as the future of the country, the king has decided to set up a youth organisation so as to more properly prepare them for adulthood and teach them the values and virtues of our great Nation. These sentinels shall live by their creed: faith in God, faith in the king, faith in labour and sacrifice, and faith in the Sentinels as the liaison of unity of the nation and its people.
Everything for the Country
The Romanian phrase Totul pentru Ţară, literally \
Across the Carpathians
Our war plans from over twenty years ago, while sound in theory, got hampered in practice by numerous factors. We will further refine them to be even more resistant in the face of enemy fire, so that when the time comes, we will successfully make the daring leap across the mountains and liberate our kin.
Transylvania or War
Our preparations have led us to this moment, and our kin are crying out for us; the time has come to finally demand that which belongs to us, and crush the unfair boundary that divides brother from brother! And even if our neighbour dares say no, we have prepared accordingly.
Renew Pride
At long last, the shame of the defeat in the first World War has been avenged! Not only have we successfully cast off the treaty yoke, but we have also successfully reunited our kin beneath our banner! Let all Romanians rejoice, for their finest hour has come!
Natural Borders
The Entente has promised us land all the way to the Tisa back in 1916, but considering the Partium's relatively low Romanian population, we are considering leaving that be and instead call upon an old French connection to draw a border in the West. However, some voices clamour for the establishment of a Romania from the Dniester to the Tisa, claiming that if not now, we will never have this chance.
Old Entente Ties
In 1916, Romania joined the Entente powers at the height of Russian victories against the Central Powers. While we were defeated, the remnants of the Entente have persisted through capitulations and revolutions. Now that Romania is free and independent once more, we are naturally gravitating towards our former allies, and we should formally request to rejoin them in their noble endeavour.
The Future Direction
Our quest is two-fold: finishing the dream of Greater Romania and ensuring safe, thriving neighbourhood for us. We should ensure that our friends in the region remain so in order to create a stable order for Romania to thrive in.
Nationalisation of Foreign Assets
The Treaty of Bucharest put significant economic assets under the joint control of Romania and the former Central Powers or directly in foreign hands. Black Monday has, however, ruined German economic hegemony and many of their assets in Romania are filing for bankruptcy. Now is the time to put them back in the hands of the state and its people to retake control of our own economy.
Organise Relief Work
The economic crash was one of the last things we needed at the present moment, but fortunately we have been blessed with fertile soil. It may impact us for a while, but we can withhold some of the grain that was to be exported to make sure our people do not starve.
Safeguard the Banking Sector
Allowing the credit sector to crumble would only lead to a worse economic crisis, as the farmers would be unable to get their money back or pay back their loans, and businesses would fare even worse; the banking sector must be kept afloat so we can have a reserve of money for future projects.
Seeking New Markets
While the German economic sphere is in ruins there are not many options available for trade deals, but both the Russian and the Entente governments have signalled us of their interest in buying Romanian oil and agricultural products to alleviate their own shortages. This is surely a beautiful start of new friendship.
Continue Legionary Reform
Codreanu's ambitious land reform was stopped by opposition from the king and the wealthy landowners, who prefer the unequal status quo. We must break up the great estates and redistribute the land for all instead of just the small, aristocratic elite - no matter how much bad blood it is going to create among them.
Compromise with the Landholders
Redistribution of land cannot be done without an agreement with the land-owning aristocracy. Perhaps we can find a compromise with the great estates, one which satisfies both the landowners and the small farmers.
Loans for Small Farmers
As the Legion considers the peasant to be central to the Romanian nation, it is only natural that we truly reflect our beliefs by supporting small farmers economically. Loans in rural areas, which make up the majority of the country, should be affordable in order to help grow the economy and improve conditions.
Export More Than Grain
In order for the Romanian economy to thrive in a world of markets, diversification is the best way to create a solid national economic foundation. This will ensure that Romania's economy is no longer at the mercy of the grain market and its fluctuating prices.
Mechanised Farming
Mechanisation will exponentially improve the productivity of Romanian farms, which will undoubtedly improve the state of the rural economy. At the same time, it will improve the livelihood of the majority of Romanians and ensure an abundance in food.
Connecting the Countryside
Not only are rural regions are largely disconnected from urban areas, but they are also disconnected from other rural regions. Connecting the country will bring the people closer together, but this will require significant investment in infrastructure and construction in general. These investments, however, will also drive the economy forwards by creating numerous jobs.
Diverse Agriculture
Romania remains heavily agrarian and will likely remain as such for the foreseeable future. Nevertheless, this does not mean that farmers should depend on a single crop; Romanian farmers must grow diversely to keep the soil and national economy healthy.
Urban-Rural Community
It is no secret that Romania suffers from a heavy rural-urban divide. As the country becomes more and more interconnected, with fewer peasants and workers having never met one another, this divide is slowly healing. Further efforts should be spent on bringing people of different regions and backgrounds closer, as Romanians form one indivisible nation.
Focus on Quality
Romania will likely never see a developed industrial base comparable to the other great industrial nations of the world. However, instead of focusing on quantity, Romanians should focus on the quality of its limited capabilities in order to secure its own little niche in a large world.
Exploit the Rivers
Romania's many rivers provide endless opportunities for growth and development from improved transportation and hydroelectricity. While this will require significant investment from the state, the long-term benefits will be immense.
Restore the Grazing Lands
Pasturage for animals are crucial for a healthy agrarian economy and a significant portion of Romania's graze-lands have been lost to industrialisation and large estates over the years. The Captain wishes to help restore it in order to improve the country's economic viability seeing that it will heavily affect the peasantry.
Foster Romanian Industry
Romania will only become a modern country when its industry is developed to a level equivalent of other Western nations of its size. The king wants to subsidise industry even more to achieve this end in order to create an industry worthy of the nation.
Prosperity for All
For too long, the average Romanian has seen little to no improvement to their condition despite its wealth and growth. With the reforms taking shape, more and more Romanians will be affected by economic development and growth. In the future, the whole nation, not just the wealthy landowners and plutocrats, will actually feel Romania's growing prosperity and become a beacon for other nations to follow.
Industrial Development
There is more to industrialisation than building more factories. Equipment and tools have to be bought, made, or modernised to improve efficiency. Therefore, we must invest in new industrial technologies in a world of constant development and invention in order for Romanian industry to stay competitive and worthwhile.
MALAXA
Nicolae Malaxa is perhaps the most successful Romanian industrialist and certainly one of the wealthiest and well-connected. By supporting his endeavour with the MALAXA company, we will certainly be rewarded with financial and industrial support, which could prove critical in further developing Romania's economy.
Refine the Refineries
The Ploiesti oil fields are known to be some of the most plentiful in Europe. However, the current refineries remain only a fraction of its potential. With some support from the state, we can further expand our oil industry and reap its rewards.
Assess the Military
Since the Iron Guard took power, we already violated the Treaty of Bucharest by introducing army conscription. We need to further expand the army, to ensure a victory in future conflicts.
Weapon Contracts
If Romania is to succeed in future conflict, we need to make sure our industry is up to the task of producing enough equipment for our army.
Legacy of Berthelot
Henri Berthelot headed the French military mission in Romania during the Weltkrieg. It was largely thanks to his efforts that we were able to rebuild our forces after the 1916 debacle and achieve several victories against a combined Central Powers offensive. As such, his legacy has been enduring among our officers, with many wanting to rebuild the Romanian Army as he had in 1917.
The Carpathian Fortresses
It is no secret that we will be fighting in the Carpathians once again soon. The great chain of mountains greatly favours the defenders, and while Austria-Hungary controls the passes, we must be ready to meet their attacks head-on. Fortifications will ensure that any attack will pay a serious price and allow us to counter-attack effectively.
Expand the Fortifications
The current line of fortifications is completely inadequate; Moldavia remains poorly defended. The line must be extended to cover the northern passes before we can improve the existing strong points.
Shells, Not Men
We have a severe manpower disadvantage against our likely enemies, making Romanian lives even more valuable. Materiel losses, meanwhile, are far easier to replace. As such, we must stockpile more and more weapons and ammunitions to ensures that our artillery can properly shield our irreplaceable infantry.
Lessons of Marasti and Marasesti
The war against the Central Powers are riddled with Romanian tactical victories despite our enemies' strategic victory. The Battles of Marasti and Marasesti are the greatest example of Romanian skill and bravery in the face of overwhelming odds. We must learn what made these victories so great and what made the campaign a failure before we fight them again.
Bleed Our Enemies Dry
Let them come to us across the treacherous mountain passes. We will greet them with lead and steel from our guns. We will bleed them dry before they can take even a single Romanian life. This time, they will be the one to foot the bill for this war for national unification.
Spirit of Aggression
We will never be able to liberate Romanians across the Carpathians by sitting behind them, hunkered down in bunkers. We must succeed where we failed in 1916 and take the fight to our enemies, or else we will be sitting ducks against our enemies' manoeuvres.
Romanian Armour Development
Romania's oil industry puts us in a great position to motorise and mechanise our army. Tanks have shown to be a fearsome weapon that cannot be underestimated, bringing firepower to the front and behind the lines without having to wait for heavy guns to crawl into forward positions.
Establish Electronic Intelligence
In future offensives, proper intelligence and communications will give us a much-needed advantage over our enemies, giving our troops the information they need and allowing them to coordinate more easily.
Modern Calarasi
Calarasi are Romanian cavalrymen that have been around since the early days of the Romanian principalities. With our focus on mobility, it has become imperative that we modernise our cavalry into a modern force with trucks, tanks, and cars as the horseman's value on the battlefield diminishes, but his speed remains essential.
Shock Tactics
The Weltkrieg has proven that mobility and shock remains the primary way to achieve total victory. We must avoid the static warfare that plagued many fronts and ensure that our forces remain mobile and maintain initiative over the enemy.
Strike Like Lightning
Speed is everything. It means we can strike the enemy first, while maintaining initiative means our foes cannot respond properly, always on the back foot. This is the only way we can overwhelm and destroy the enemy before they can destroy us with numbers.
Carpathian Hunters
The \
Academia Tehnica Militara
Military Technical Academy \
Expand Mountaineer Corps
The \
The Danube Delta
The great Danube forms our southern border and it is essential for both our defence and our economy. Now that is finally in our hands again we can utilise it once again as an artery of trade, transport and shipbuilding industry.
Improve the Black Sea Fleet
The Romanian Navy remains fairly small — certainly not enough to protect our Black Sea coast. It is about time we enlarge it into a proper force, and a new naval programme will be enacted to this end.
The Modern Rândunica
The Rândunica was the first modern torpedo boat of the Romanian Navy, launched in 1875. Its symbol is prominent among our officers and naval enthusiasts and our new destroyers will carry its legacy with them onto the Black Sea.
Euxine Raiders
Submarines are now proven raiders. The previous war made that very obvious, and the Romanian Navy should take full advantage of their capabilities to wreak havoc throughout the Black Sea.
The King Ferdinand
A proper flagship for the Romanian Navy has been envisioned for quite some time, but never made reality. This dream must be made a reality as we become a serious power in the Black Sea. Considering our capabilities and limitations, a cruiser will certainly do.
Royal Navy of the Black Sea
The Black Sea is one of the major economic artery for our nation; seeking to achieve supremacy over it is merely natural to protect our interests. Just as the British once ruled the waves, we, Romanians, will rule the Black Sea. It is, after all, a far more realistic and practical goal for our navy.
Expand the Danube Flotilla
The Danube Flotilla proved to be instrumental in harassing the Central Powers' offensives while supporting our own land forces during the war. As it is likely to fight its Austro-Hungarian counterpart once more, it should be further expanded.
Minelaying Doctrine
Naval mines are extremely effective at restricting movements of enemy fleets and we must take advantage of this ever-improving technology to protect our coasts.
Defenders of the Danube
From Vienna to the Black Sea, Danube is perhaps the greatest single route of transportation in Europe. As master of its mouths we can benefit greatly from the river and all the economic activity along it.
Develop Cetatea Alba
Constanta, once the artery that connected us to the sea, is in the hands of Bulgaria. Should we ever want our navy to see face to face with the one of our Southern neighbours, we need to expand what ports we have in Cetatea Alba.
Equip Galati
The Galati shipyard have a long shipbuilding history. With the loss of Constanta, we should ensure that Galati remains properly equipped to build and maintain our warships.
Equip Braila
While it isn't as developed as Galati, the loss of Constanta has tied our hands and we should develop the Braila shipyard to help pick up the slack.
Found IAR
The Industria Aeronautică Română is an aircraft plant in Bucharest specialised in developing new training aircraft. We need to expand its facilities to give them the capacity to help our air force grow.
Legacy of Vlaicu and Vuia
Traian Vuia and the late Aurel Vlaicu are Romania's greatest aviation pioneers. Their skills were not only limited to piloting, but to aircraft design as well. Our future pilots and fighters will bear the legacy of Romania's aeronautical heroes.
Flying Artillery
Light bomber aircraft rapidly gained the moniker \
IAR Expansion
Industria Aeronautică Română is the largest Romanian aircraft manufacturer, responsible for most of our fighter development and production. To ensure their continuing contribution to our war effort, they need expanded investment.
Doctrinal Experiments
New planes and pilots are all nice and important, but doctrine cannot fall behind. Since aerial warfare remains a very new concept with an unclear future, we must invest in trial and experimentation to ensure that our pilots and commanders keep up with global developments.
Rain Fire Upon Them
Our Air Force's focus should be to support ground units with air support, bombing targets and strong points to facilitate the Army's fighting capabilities. Our enemies should fear the skies as our bombers cannot let them feel safe.
Drop Them From The Sky
The Air Force's primary goal is to destroy the enemy's aircraft. This is the only way to protect both our soldiers and citizens from enemy warplanes. Any bombing mission should only be considered when we have achieved air superiority.
Legionary Romania
Against all odds, we have succeeded in our power struggle against the wily king. With the last barrier in our path having been sidelined, we can fully focus our energies into transforming Romania into a true titan of the Balkans, just as it was back in the days of Burebista and Dromichaetes.
The Captain Triumphant
With the Stelescu crisis having been successfully defused and the king outwitted, the Captain stands as the most powerful man in Romania. Just as he has successfully steered the Legion from a small group of six to being the most powerful force in Romania, so shall he steer his country towards a brighter future.
A King Under Surveillance
While the institution of the monarchy is respectable, it is clear that it must be kept from intervening too much within our affairs. By making sure that vital court offices are always staffed by our men, we can reduce the king's manoeuvring room enough that he will have no choice but to cooperate. If the king is the symbol of the nation, he must not stand in the path of its will, as embodied by us.
Legionary Industrialisation
The Romanian nation may be eternally indebted to its peasantry, but a strong nation requires a strong industry as well. By unleashing our people's energies, steered by our guiding hand, we will successfully attain our goal of a strong industrialised nation, capable of facing the future while respecting our past.
From Camps to Factories
As our nation develops, while the work camps will continue to toughen our men, our factories will need workers to actually man them. As such, work camp service will segue well into a later career in the factories of our great nation.
Green Agrarian Roots
Even though our movement originated from nationalist studentry, our first proper base of support was the peasantry, and we shall honour our past in more ways than one by carefully promoting our people's agrarian heritage. Without them, we wouldn't stand today, and no matter where our nation goes, they shall accompany us for evermore.
Agency of Public Works
With power in our hands, we can properly centralise and direct public works efforts in our country. Where the state once failed, we will succeed in bringing the benefits of good infrastructure in the countryside, and generations upon generations shall be thankful for our efforts today.
Tradition Eternal
It is not our way to recklessly send our men dashing into danger, as losing the cream of our crop would only weaken our strength just like what happened at Nicopole or at Crecy all those years ago. We shall instead adhere to the Captain's way and maintain our strength in reserve, while setting ourselves up to have the high ground in any direct confrontation.
Obligatory Camp Service
In order for our men to be as prepared for life as possible, the Captain has decided that each member of the Legion must fulfil a term of service within our expanding work camp service. Not only will this toughen them up, it will also help entrench our reputation as selfless workers in service of the Fatherland, and the results of their labour will stand for evermore.
Expand the Hierarchy of the Legion
As our movement grows, the Legion's hierarchic structure must grow as well, not only to accommodate the increased numbers but to maintain the Captain's firm grasp as well. Keeping the Movement focused helped us gain power, and maintaining its discipline will help us keep cohesion and face the future as one soul.
A Country as the Sun in the Sky
With the Great Legionary Victory achieved and with the country firmly in our grasp, we shall set forth towards making Romania a country like the blessed Sun in the Sky; radiant, envied, bountiful and sanctifying of all that it graces. While we have made major strides towards this goal, there is still much to do, but with faith in our Captain and in our noble blood, we shall make our dream a reality.
Second Legionary Victory
The royal attempt to topple us may have sent shock waves throughout the movement, but our resolve has proven itself stronger! The people have not forgotten their true benefactors and have propelled us back into power! We will make sure that this second chance will not be wasted.
Defang the Movement
As much as our more... unique approaches to problems have helped us in the past, the fact they have led to problems is undeniable. We should at least make a token effort to seem more respectable, even if behind the scenes we are just the same as ever.
Alliance with the Church
As much as some clerics would prefer to dissociate from us, we still have been very stalwart in the defence of the Holy Church and the Right Faith. It is only logical that we attempt to further court that most noble of organisations. What are we if not defenders of the faith in the face of godless syndicalists, after all?
Agrarian Price Controls
The market, while an useful tool to attain great wealth for our nation, can also be an unyielding malefactor for our poor, who can end up having to resort to bartering or subsistence farming to get the foodstuff they need. No longer, for we will impose a set of relatively static prices for basic foodstuff, so that years from now the basic price for bread as imagined by everyone shall be the one dictated by us.
Legionary Culture Centres
Without proper awareness of our culture, we would lose ourselves in the fogs of history; to avoid this prospective shame, we will open up a series of cultural centres across the country, meant to educate the Romanian people to their heritage and help them see their great purpose, sponsored and aided along by our faithful cavaliers in green of course.
Numerus Valachicus
Our country's university system has a worrying proportion of non-Romanian students. In the past, our student population had grown weary of this perceived intrusion, lighting up the spark that would lead to our movement's founding. We shall introduce a special form of numerus clausus that ties student population to demographic percentages, guaranteeing Romanian majorities.
Legionary Cooperatives
Through the years of combat and rulership, our system of cooperatives has proven itself an useful way to make money and increase Legionary ties, both between themselves and the average people. Let us expand our unique little trade and entrench our role in the country's economic system!
Court the King
His Majesty reportedly was aghast when he heard of our election victory, and considering the troubles that led to this peculiar situation, he cannot be blamed. However, to avoid the troubles we had with the last king, Carol II, we should at least try to play nice with His Majesty; if it seems like we try to uphold democracy in some way, the chances of being ousted early will decrease accordingly.
The First Among the Parties
Our status as the first among equals within the evolving Romanian political system is growing more and more uncontested by the day; a development appreciated by our great Captain, who ended up growing to be more of a politician than a combatant like back in the day. We should continue our efforts to further legitimise ourselves and carve a niche for the Movement that will stand the test of time.
The Green Prince Stands Up
[cantacuzino1desc]
The chaos from the aftermath of the assassination of our beloved Captain and the Royal-Legionary conflict has become too much to bear, and a firm hand is needed. Fortunately, the right man has stood up at just the right time, successfully re-establishing control both over the Legion and the country. Now, Romania shall be ruled by the firm hand it requires; the iron fist of Prince Alexandru Cantacuzino.
Our beloved Captain has handed us the responsibility to guide Romania into the new future, and a firm hand is needed. Fortunately, the right man has stood up at just the right time, successfully re-establishing control both over the Legion and the country. Now, Romania shall be ruled by the firm hand it requires; the iron fist of Prince Alexandru Cantacuzino.
The Legionary Revolution
[cantacuzino2desc]
As venerable as our Captain was, his attempt to adherence to the old party system led to his murder by his opponents. It was by calling back to our past as a revolutionary cell that we have reasserted control, and now we are in a position to truly unleash our own revolution. With both the Old Guard and the Worker Corps rallied behind the Conducător and Regent, no infighting shall distract us from our sacred mission.
As venerable as our Captain was, his attempt to adherence to the old party system led to his retirement and failure. It was by calling back to our past as a revolutionary cell that we have reasserted control, and now we are in a position to truly unleash our own revolution. With both the Old Guard and the Worker Corps rallied behind the Conducător and Regent, no infighting shall distract us from our sacred mission.
Send out the Greenshirts
We have made great strides to bring back order, however rebellious elements still threaten our rule. Fortunately, our ever-loyal Greenshirts stand at the ready to help us quell insurrections, and with some training and extra measures, they will perform. A simple signature is all we need to show just who actually rules these streets.
National Brotherhood
For the longest time we have been divided by various barriers, and although the Unification and measures taken since have helped bring them down, work remains to be done to finally end brotherly conflicts. By highlighting our shared past, our present chance and our future glories, we will help instil a sense of true brotherhood amongst our people, and no Romanian shall be a stranger to the other anymore.
Oust the Foreign Monarch
Although the Monarchy has helped us build our nation, lingering foreign elements within the Royal house still remain. Even the king that was born here has worked against us, we now have no choice but to replace the foreign dynasty. Conducător Cantacuzino has sworn to fullfill his duty as the Regent until fitting new monarch is chosen.
The Romanian of Tomorrow
Over time, people become complacent. Fortunately, our gracious Conducător Cantacuzino knows just what must be done and what traits to foster to maintain the Romanian people's real fighting spirit. As much as we will respect our past, we must rediscover it and always challenge ourselves, and end the apathy and deceitfulness that plagued us for so long. In the name of King, Cross and People, we shall prevail.
The Vanguard of Reaction
It is not enough to simply reshape our country out of obligation towards ourselves; we have to commit to forging the Romania of tomorrow to ensure our place as a leading nation in history, a beacon of nationalism, of heroic revolutionary spirit and of Christianity. Admirers and imitators will come in time, just as France became a beacon following the conquests of Napoleon.
End Unjust Privileges
Legionaries are an example to the Romanian people in their brotherhood unlike the bourgeoisie of the past who, as they fetishised old France, detached themselves from the realities of the land. This combined with materialism are ruining our moral fibre and this cannot do. Let he who is truly useful to his kin become the respected one, not the wealthy one, and let the unshackling of the Romanians begin.
Break the Banks
The dominance of speculative capital chokes our spirit and helps engender desires of a soft life, without difficulties and without helping to contribute to anything. No longer! The time has come to finally shatter this chokehold it has on us and return honest work to the ennobling effect it was always supposed to have, and re-entrench the true rights and social duties of wealth.
We Shall Raise Ourselves
Now that we are free from foreign rule, be it Ottoman, Austrian or Russian, it falls onto us and us alone to steer our own fate. Through our very own effort we shall not only rediscover that spirit which helped us survive all this time, but also elevate ourselves among the ruling peoples of Europe! No longer shall we be the servants of any trespassers; we will lord over them ourselves!
The Cult of the Warrior
Intellectualism, although necessary in some regards, is not the most ideal way of life for us, for it begets cowardice and chokes out bravery. No, in order to properly defend our home and achieve our sacred destiny we have to rediscover the virtues of our defenders of old; simplicity, physical improvement and the shedding of excessive rationalism in favour of heroic mysticism.
The National-Legionary State
There still remains much to be done, but with the foundations laid down and the basic framework established, we can properly proclaim the National-Legionary State and cement our gains for now, and prepare for the next steps in our transformation of the psyche and of the nation. Long Live the Legion, the Captain and the Conducător! Onwards, dear brothers! Onwards to victory!
The Carlist Restoration
His Majesty, Carol II, has emerged victorious in his duel with the so-called \
Find Remaining Legionaries
While the Legion has effectively collapsed, far too many high-profile Legionaries remain at large and, therefore, a threat to the government. We must eliminate the dangerous ones and purge the rest for their crimes against the nation.
Reward the Loyal
In these dire times with treason widespread, it is important to keep in mind those who have remained loyal to His Majesty during the toughest hour. Rewards are plenty to those who remained steadfast just as punishment is dealt to those who betrayed Us.
Drafting the Royal Constitution
The last few years have only demonstrated that the current constitution is incredibly flawed. No longer will demagogues like Codreanu be able to sway the public; the king, and only the king, will lead the nation. Although Parliament remains, with senators appointed by His Majesty and deputies reorganised along corporatist lines, executive and legislative power is vested in the king.
Drafting of the Royal Constitution will begin.
Royal Philanthropy
As the nation rebuilds itself, the king, as saviour of the nation, must be at the forefront of philanthropic endeavours throughout the country. This is needed not only to restore His Majesty's reputation, but to help repair the fabric of society torn by manipulative demagogues and incompetent politicians.
National Renaissance Front
National unity has been shattered by the last few years of incompetence, driven by the selfish interests of political parties and demagogues. The division caused by parties can only be addressed by creating a single pro-government political group to replace the broken system of parties. The National Renaissance Front will serve as the king's political vehicle to rebuild and modernise Romania.
Cult of Personality
It is not enough to cultivate a positive image of the king. He must be elevated further as the unchallenged Conducător of the nation. His Majesty's true power must be reflected everywhere to ensure the government's legitimacy and strength in the eyes of the public and keep the nation's wounds from resurfacing.
Crown Patronage
His Majesty is an unapologetic lover of the arts and large sums are spent subsidising cultural projects- especially if they serve to improve the king's image. While he has little interest in economics, his advisors are able men, and they suggest continuing large state-run development projects throughout the country, which only helps cultivate his philanthropic image.
Corporate Alliances
While corporatism is an important aspect of His Majesty's government, corporate interests are also undeniably crucial in developing the country. Aligning with Romania's largest corporations will ensure that we have the powerful backing of the wealthy industrialists and investors in the state's many development projects everywhere.
The Camarilla Empowered
The King of Romania has always had an informal network of councillors and advisors. This Camarilla, however, never became an actual institution with actual powers. With the king firmly in control, this must change, and the king's privy council will finally make it official, further cementing His Majesty's power.
An Idealised Sovereign
As part of His Majesty's cult of personality, an idealised image of the king is one of the more important aspects. The king must be depicted in a way that truly shows his power and his God-appointed mission to lead the Romanian people, and the nation should venerate their Saviour-King as He brings forth a golden age for them.
Reshaping the Country
As Romania enters a golden age, the country will inevitably be reshaped as it becomes a modern nation. Romanians will be better connected than ever before as railroads and highways bring people and goods to and from each corner of the nation. They will symbolise the kingdom's ascendancy to prosperity.
King of the Rebirth
His Majesty Carol II has many titles. From Conducător to King of Culture, perhaps his favourite one is \
New National Veins
As our nation heals from years of internal political friction we are now building new connections between our people both ideologically and physically to bridge the gaps and truly unite our people.
Mihai's Government
The Royal-Legionary Conflict has led the nation to complete ruin as the two leaders let their squabble turn into senseless murder. With the Autocrat and the Captain gone, it is up to the young king and the army to pick up the pieces and rebuild Romania. Once the generals stabilise the situation, the old politicians will return, and free elections will decide the nation's future once more.
Return of the National Liberals
The National Liberal Party, Romania's oldest political party, makes its triumphant return on the political scene. With the Legion and the ambitious Carol II swept away, it will be up to us National Liberals to rebuild our nation and democracy.
Through Us Ourselves
\
Railway Investments
Railways are the basis of any industrialising economy as they will spur growth and bring our nation closer together.
Centralisation
Romania is one nation and the demands of regionalists and decentralists are tantamount to separatism and, thus, treason. Power must be in the hands of the central government, for only they know and understand the bigger picture; the nation itself in its entirety.
Economic Integration
Romania has been disconnected for too long, its main historic regions developing largely independently of each other. This can no longer be the case, for the nation must be truly unified. Integrating the Romanian economy into a single unit will strengthen the central government's influence and its ability to develop the nation as a whole.
Legacy of the Brātianu Family
The PNL has been largely dominated by the Brătianu family and the majority of party chairmen were scions. This monopoly has long been criticised and caused factionalism within the party. However, despite their initial exclusion, it is high time for us to address the elephant in the room, for Dinu Brătianu is eager to help the National Liberal effort, which could prove beneficial.
Rebranding and Rebuilding
When the Legion seized power, they were eager to paint the National Liberals as the source of Romania's troubles since the Great War. Their propaganda has proven to be long-lasting and it will time for us to rebuild our image among the Romanian people.
Romanian National Revival
The National Liberal Party has always embraced Romanian nationalism along with its liberal ideals. With the Romanian people reunified, the nation enters a new age, a new national revival as we celebrate our great achievements in recent history.
An Orderly Constitution
The PNL is now introducing a new constitution. Democratic traditions are to be enshrined once more, and its articles reflect the party's liberal and nationalist ideals. In the future, Romania will be able to call itself a stable and prosperous nation with its liberties and interests protected.
Triumph of the National Peasant's Party
The union of the Peasant's Party and the Transylvania-based Romanian National Party has created a powerful political bloc; the National Peasant's Party (PNŢ). Their triumph in the general elections are a surprise; perhaps the minds across the Carpathians can finally bring much-needed new blood and ideas to Romanian politics after the fiasco of the Legionary government.
Open Doors Policy
The Open Doors Policy has been proposed by the PNŢ to attract foreign capital to invest in industrial development, believing that Romania alone simply doesn't have the capital to support economic development at the scale needed to compete with the rest of Europe.
Cooperative Banking
Cooperative banking such as credit unions has been a relatively recent development in more agrarian economies. These largely-rural institutions are far better suited to deal with the realities of Romania, with its population overwhelmingly composed of peasants. This way, we can better develop the economies of rural Romania and ensure that the majority of Romanians will profit from economic growth rather than just the urban elites.
Developmentalism
Developmentalism is the economic theory that less developed economies should focus on building up a varied internal market, largely through moderate interventionism and limited imports. The PNŢ hopes to achieve a moderate programme of industrialisation to diversify and strengthen the economy.
Limited Dirigism
While both laissez-faire and planned economies have proven to have many strengths and weaknesses, the PNŢ believes in a moderate course with the government intervening through limited state planning largely \
Towards the Peasant State
Peasants make up the vast majority of the population. It is only natural that the government should focus on improving their livelihoods first and foremost. Thus, as representatives of the peasant class, the PNŢ will transform Romania into a \
Support Cooperatives
For peasants, cooperatives are the natural way to organise the rural population and economy, for they will only rarely leave their communities. It is through cooperatives that the peasants will truly prosper in an improved economy.
Create the Office of Regional Development
By founding the Office of Regional Development, the government will be better able to judge and address the economic problems of Romania's different regions. Through them, investments will be directed where it is needed to improve local economies.
The Community of Producers
The \
Protect the Little Man
Iuliu Maniu is a man of the people. The Little Man, the peasant and the industrial worker, must be protected from the country's economic and political elite which seek to enslave him. The oligarchy of Old Romania has already led the nation to ruin once, and cannot be allowed to do so again.
The Rural Gendarme
Both Legionnaires and Syndicalists have proven law and order must be preserved in order to protect the people, vulnerable to their intimidation tactics and demagoguery. The rural gendarme will become the symbol of stability in Greater Romania.
Draft a Peasant Constitution
With the PNŢ having secured the support of the Romanian people, a new constitution is to be promulgated. Democratic institutions are to be protected once more while Romania's peasants, the vast majority of the population, will be guaranteed its central position in Romanian society. Romania will indeed become a Peasant State which truly seeks the best for its people.
The Treaty of Bucharest ended Romania's war with the Central Powers. While it was considered lenient, its restrictions were enough to fuel a stab-in-the-back myth that, after several crises in the 1920s, overturned the nation's political establishment. The death of King Ferdinand and the country's leading liberal politician would pave the way for two highly ambitious men: King Carol II and Corneliu Zelea Codreanu. The two joined arms to overthrow Romanian democracy and launch a crusade to reunite Romania, but how long can these two strong personalities work together before their ambitions clash in the open?
GFX_ROM_intro
Kingdom of Romania, 1936
The Kingdom of Romania was still a relatively young country when it joined the Weltkrieg in 1916 with grand ambitions of taking Transylvania from the Hungarians, a dream that remains unrealised to this day. Despite some initial successes in 1916, the small country was quickly overwhelmed by German, Austrian and Bulgarian troops. Against all odds, the Romanian Army did not break and instead established new positions around Iasi. With help of the Russians and the French they rebuilt their strength and repelled the Central Powers again and again. The end only came when the Russian Revolution and collapse of the Eastern Front made Romania's position untenable.\n\nMany young men had died for an ideal that ultimately proved just out of reach, and the situation in the country itself had improved for naught. The Treaty of Bucharest was bitter, even more so because the Romanian army had fought well. With this, the stab-in-the-back narrative emerged - Romania was betrayed by the Russians, they were left alone by the Western Entente, they were sabotaged from the inside by traitorous minorities such as the Jews. Radical movements rose up quickly after, fuelled by bitterness, revanchism and social issues such as unequal land use. By 1936 the strongest of those movements is the Legion of the Archangel Michael, popularly known as the Legionary Movement, led by the young and charismatic Corneliu Codreanu, the Capitan of the Iron Guard.\n\nIn 1927, King Ferdinand passed away and was succeeded by his son, Carol II. Even though Carol had a reputation for being quite the womaniser the war had really left its mark on the king. His dream is clear: to succeed in where his father had failed. In his quest the king found an ally equally driven and struck a deal with Codreanu. Two men united in their revanchist fervour tore apart the democratic system in the 1933 elections. After the assassination of Prime Minister I. G. Duca by the Iron Guard, Codreanu formed the first Legionary government: the first step towards Greater Romania.\n\nWhile the king and the Captain might be allies in their revanchist project, it is clear they ultimately do not wish to share power. The so-called ‘Great Game' between these two men began quickly after the elections after Codreanu started his ambitious land reform, an issue very popular among his base. Influential landowners appealed to the king, who in turn forced Codreanu to halt his reforms. With the growing enmity between two men the power struggle can only get more fierce, with neither one ready to give up power. As long as they share the common goal of Greater Romania they will work together, but after that... only God knows.
Mechanics of the Great Game
There is an additional resource used by both Codreanu and the king, Influence. New laws and policies require the approval of both the Legionary-controlled Assembly and the king. This forces both parties to make concessions to drive their own agenda.\n\nAfter choosing to side with Carol or Codreanu, you will unlock a set of decisions to interact with the system from either Codreanu's or from Carol's point of view. If you manage to keep the chosen side in power after the Unification, your nation will be stronger than if it changes control.\n\nIn addition to the decisions, §BInfluence§! is gained from the political branch of the focus tree and it is primarily spent on the land reform branch, which requires influence to advance. But beware, your opponent also has their own Influence which gives them more power, enabling many events not necessarily in your advantage.
§MNicolae - Legionaries§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Execute Stelescu in the event \
Once he returns, we can integrate his veterans into our army.
§RResistance is enabled in Transylvania.§!
and his father, the former King, Carol II, allowed by his brother to at least do this service for Mihai.
an occasion marked by the glaring absence of the deceased King Carol II, which Nicolae has refused to comment on.
We are a great power and we require better terms.
As a bigger partner, we should get more favourable terms.
Clearly, they can offer a better deal than that.
You can never trust Moscow, after all.
We looked up to you, imbeciles!
That knife in my back hurts, Athens.
They will regret it when Austrian boots are back in Belgrade.
Road over the Carpathians will be constructed.
Building The King's Road
We are building a spectacular mountain road that will connect the Old Kingdom and Transylvania even further.
The Resita has been reorganised
With Codreanu's death, the movement has reorganised itself into a series of isolated chapters titled \
Fortunately we have managed to locate their Captain, Corneliu Zelea Codreanu, having gone into hiding near his mountainside retreat following the crackdown on his men. After observing his routine, he was intercepted and taken into custody. Some of his nearby followers attempted to rescue their leader, but the resulting shootout saw both them and Codreanu die. Having been trialled and convicted in absentia, this move will certainly deliver the death blow to his movement's aspirations, although there are concerning reports that the Legionaries have condemned their Captain's \
Alliance Against Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia has risen to great heights, crafting an empire of their own in the West Balkans. Their attempt of Balkans hegemony must be brought down.
Determined Autocrat
Corporate Contacts
Centre of the Carlist Cult
Centre of the Carlist Cult
King Under Surveillance
Protector of Democracy
Friend of the Legion
Green Prince
Legionary King
Cristian Racovski
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 13th, 1873, in Gradets, Vilayet of Edirne, Ottoman Empire§!
Gheorghe Gheorghiu
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1901, in Bârlad, Tutova County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Lucreţiu Pătrăşcanu
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 4th, 1900, in Bacău, Bacău County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Barbu Lăzăreanu
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1881, in Botosani, Botosani County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Ion Mihalache
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 3rd, 1882, in Topoloveni, Arges County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Dinu Brătianu
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 13th, 1866, in Stefănesti, Arges County, Romanian United Principalities§!
Alexandru Cantacuzino
§YBorn:§! §L1901, in Ciocănesti, Ilfov County, Kingdom of Romania§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA scion of the ancient princely Cantacuzino family claiming descent from the Byzantine Kantakouzenos dynasty, Prince Alexandru Cantacuzino is a very atypical nobleman. A firm believer in the precepts of the Legion of the Archangel Michael, Cantacuzino made himself remarked in numerous nationalist student congresses, holding fiery speeches denouncing what he saw as blights over his country. Rapidly rising through the Legionary Movement's ranks, becoming a member of the Captain's inner circle and making himself known as a theorist and as an efficient organiser, Cantacuzino became a minister in the Captain's cabinet after their rise to power. Cutting his teeth even more in the Spanish Civil War, the Prince returned home only to become embroiled in the escalating conflict between the Captain and the King.\n\nShocked by the assassination of Codreanu, Cantacuzino joined the fight, rallying many Legionaries to the cause and helping reorganise the movement for the struggle, emerging as a front-runner for the succession of the Captain. Soon enough, the zeal of the Archangel's men won out, and now the barred cross flies true above all of Romania once more. Having asserted himself as worthy of the position, the Legionary Senate has confirmed him as the Captain's successor, and now he stands ready to implement his vision over all of Romania, as its Conducător and Regent.§!
§YBorn:§! §L1901, in Ciocănesti, Ilfov County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Carol II
Back when he was just the Crown Prince, Carol II of Romania would've seemed like a most unfit person to take the throne of Romania, as shown by the Zizi Lambrino incident in the closing days of the Weltkrieg. His country's loss however, hit hard, and as he saw the malaise his future kingdom had fallen in, he swore to remake the country into that which it was supposed to be. An autocratic charmer par excellence, he used the small-but-rising Legionary Movement as a sledgehammer to further weaken the declining PNL and the Legionaries' old rivals, the National-Christian Defence League
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1893, in Peleş Castle, Sinaia, Prahova County, Kingdom of Romania§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$ROM_carol_hohenzollern_sigmaringen_desc_body$.\n\nNow however, the scheming King faces one last hurdle in his path towards redeeming his country; the very same Legionary Movement he once supported, and its shadowy Captain, Corneliu Zelea Codreanu. As clouds gather on the horizon of the post-Weltkrieg order, both King and Captain foresee opportunities to achieve their goal of national unification and breaking the other's power, and the King, though a flawed man, will act upon any opportunities that come his way to establish himself as his country's uncontested Sun.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1893, in Peleş Castle, Sinaia, Prahova County, Kingdom of Romania§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$ROM_carol_hohenzollern_sigmaringen_desc_body$, and now, he has cast them aside as well in the wake of the Stelescu incident.\n\nNow ruling uncontested over Romania, he plans to use his now-unassailable position to build Romania up into a true regional powerhouse, based on strong industry, bountiful agriculture, flourishing culture and united beneath its King's firm hand and unwavering gaze. Come what may, the united Romanian people shall be led forward to a bright future, and they will forever be indebted to their visionary monarch's guidance.§!
Nicolae I
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 5th, 1903, in Peleş Castle, Sinaia, Prahova County, Kingdom of Romania§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in 1903, the fourth child of King Ferdinand and Queen Maria of Romania, Prince Nicolae seemed set for an easy life. Free from the responsibilities associated of the eldest son - albeit some scares like the Lambrino scandal did result in discussions on whether to begin grooming Nicolae for rulership - the younger Prince developed a passion for sports, cars and high-society life. In spite of his mother's protests, he fell for a woman, Ioana Dumitrescu-Doletti, daughter-in-law to liberal politician Nicolae N. Saveanu, who divorced her then-husband to be by her new beau's side. Unlike his brother however, Nicolae married his lover outright, violating the Statute of the Royal House and creating a rift between him and his brother; a rift that would lead him to make overtures towards the Legionary Movement.\n\nAfter his brother's abdication, Nicolae agreed to a deal between him and the ascendant Legionaries where he would take the throne if the Statute of the Royal House was modified accordingly to legitimise his marriage to Ioana. Now, as King, he continues to not show much interest in political affairs, preferring to focus on his own undertakings and hobbies instead.§!
Mihai I
Born to Crown Prince Carol and Princess Helen of Greece in 1921, the young Prince Mihai was marked by his family's tumultuous life and his country's malaise after the loss in the Weltkrieg. He has seen much over his relatively short life, and now he finally takes the throne after the fierce power struggle between his father the King and the then-Prime Minister, Corneliu Zelea Codreanu.
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 25th, 1921, in Peleş Castle, Sinaia, Prahova County, Kingdom of Romania§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$ROM_mihai_hohenzollern_sigmaringen_desc_body$\n\nA far more reserved individual than his bombastic father, Mihai's profound Anglophilia and appreciation towards the British monarchy drove him to begin renewing the dramatically-weakened democratic process in his country, seeing it as the way to truly heal the grievous wounds opened in the wake of the defeat in the Great War and that the national unification has started to patch up. It may be a heavy burden for his young shoulders, but the King feels that with proper guidance, both he and his country will overcome all adversities and go forward as one.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 25th, 1921, in Peleş Castle, Sinaia, Prahova County, Kingdom of Romania§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$ROM_mihai_hohenzollern_sigmaringen_desc_body$\n\nIn spite of his bigger appreciation of democracy compared to his ambitious father, the Legionary dominance of his government forces him to lay low. Though he would like to eventually restore the rule of democracy in his home country and fulfil the dream of his grandfather Ferdinand, the Green Hydra's stranglehold over his country is too formidable at the present date to dislodge. While they haven't moved against him, the greenshirts have learned from their mistakes with King Carol, and now the Archangel's men keep a watchful eye over Mihai's own undertakings. Though he finds relief in his interests of cars and planes, the young King faces a certain fright that if he does anything wrong he'll face the wrath of the Greenshirts, forcing him to at least silently acquiesce to their projects for now. Yet the young King hopes that some day he'll have his chance to finally uproot the Legion from its roost, restore democracy and mend his nation's wounds.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 25th, 1921, in Peleş Castle, Sinaia, Prahova County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Mihail Sturdza
Mihai I
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 28th, 1886, in Târgu Ocna, Bacău County, Kingdom of Romania§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn as Prince Mihail Sturdza in 1886 into a prestigious princely family, the newly-crowned $ROM_mihail_sturdza_regnal$ is everything that Carol II was not: experienced, harsh, a true believer in the Legionary cause, and from a centuries-old Romanian family, unlike the Hohenzollern-Sigmaringens. He fought in the Great War, and after it became increasingly drawn towards the Legionary Movement, acting as their spokesman in high diplomatic circles.\n\nHis personal philosophy of governance is that Romania should be run like a barracks - well-organised, militarised, purposeful. Enemies of Romania - the communists and the corrupt - must be tirelessly fought. However, his main interest is in foreign policy. As a career diplomat, King $ROM_mihail_sturdza_regnal$ has a wide network of contacts across Europe, and has even expressed hopes of building an alliance of like-minded states in the Southern and Eastern European region.§!
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 28th, 1886, in Târgu Ocna, Bacău County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Petre Dumitrescu
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 18th, 1882, in Dobridor, Dolj County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Ion Antonescu
§YBorn:§! §LJune 2nd, 1882, in Pitesti, Arges County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Gheorghe Argeşanu
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 28th, 1883, in Caracal, Romanati County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Gheorghe Avramescu
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 26th, 1884, in Botosani, Botosani County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Ioan Racovita
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1889, in Bucharest, Ilfov County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Constantin Constantinescu-Claps
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 20th, 1884, in Beceni, Buzău County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Nicolae Macici
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 7th, 1886, in Craiova, Dolj County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Constantin Pantazi
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 26th, 1888, in Călărasi, Ialomita County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Nicolae Ciupercă
§YBorn:§! §LApril 20th, 1882, in Râmnicu Sărat, Râmnicu Sărat County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Ion Glogojanu
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 1st, 1888, in Râmnicu Sărat, Râmnicu Sărat County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Leonard Mociulschi
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 25th, 1889, in Siminicea, Suceava County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Dumitru Popescu
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 12th, 1883, in Vădeni, Brăila County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Corneliu Dragalina
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 5th, 1887, in Caransebes, Krassó-Szörény County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Florea Tenescu
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1884, in Turnu Măgurele, Teleorman County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Nicolae Radescu
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 30th, 1874, in Păusesti-Otăsău, Vâlcea County, Principality of Romania§!
Constantin Tobescu
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 28th, 1893, in Comani, Olt County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Horia Macellariu
§YBorn:§! §LApril 28th, 1894, in Craiova, Dolj County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Gheorghe Apostol
§YBorn:§! §LMay 16th, 1913, in Tudor Vladimirescu, Covurlui County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Virgil Madgearu
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 14th, 1887, in Galati, Covurlui County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Iuliu Maniu
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 8th, 1873, in Simleu Silvaniei, Szilágy County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Constantin Angelescu
§YBorn:§! §LJune 12th, 1869, in Craiova, Dolj County, Principality of Romania§!
Alexandru Vaida-Voevod
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 27th, 1872, in Olpret, Belső-Szolnok County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Armand Călinescu
§YBorn:§! §LJune 4th, 1893, in Pitesti, Arges County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Corneliu Codreanu
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 13th, 1899, in Husi, Fălciu County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Horia Sima
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 3rd, 1906, in Mândra, Fogaras County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Ion Mota
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 5th, 1902, in Orăstie, Hunyad County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Ernest Urdărianu
§YBorn:§! §LMay 6th, 1897, in Slatina, Olt County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Gheorghe Clime
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Oancea, Covurlui County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Constantin Papanace
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1904, in Selia, Imathia Province, Kingdom of Greece§!
Grigore Gafencu
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 30th, 1892, in Bârlad, Tutova County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Gheorghe Tătărescu
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 2nd, 1886, in Târgu Jiu, Gorj County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Victor Slăvescu
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1891, in Rucăr, Arges County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Max Auschnitt
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 14th, 1888, in Galati, Covurlui County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Nicolae Malaxa
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 22nd, 1884, in Husi, Fălciu County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Mihail Moruzov
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1887, in Zebil, Tulcea County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Dimitrie Gusti
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 13th, 1880, in Iasi, Iasi County, Principality of Romania§!
Emanoil Ionescu
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 17th, 1893, in Movileni, Olt County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Ermil Gheorghiu
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 13th, 1896, in Botosani, Botosani County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Gheorghe Jienescu
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1894, in Rast, Dolj County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Alexandrina Cantacuzino
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 20th, 1876, in Ciocănesti, Dâmbovita County, Principality of Romania§!
