Hawaii Focus Tree
Revolutionary Party of Hawaii
Revolutionary Party of Hawaii
Hawaiian Federation of Labor
Hawaiian Federation of Labor
Socialist Party of Hawaii
Socialist Party of Hawaii
Progressive Party
Progressive Party
National Liberal Party
National Liberal Party
Republican Party
Republican Party
Hui Aloha Aina
Hui Aloha Aina
Hawaiian National Party
Hawaiian National Party
Emergency Directorate
Emergency Directorate
Hawaiian National Party
Hawaiian National Party
Hawaiian Pineapple Company
University of Hawaii
Wahiawa Armoury
Schofield Barracks
Ford Hawaii
Holden Hawaii
Nissan Motors Hawaii
Argenteuil-Lorraine Hawaii
Inter-Island Airways
Pearl Harbour Naval Shipyard
Political Chaos
The Civil War on the mainland of America has thrown the territory of Hawaii into chaos. Order must be restored to the island one way or fashion so that stability and prosperity can begin again in our tropical paradise.
The Great Hawaiian Strike
The workers of the plantations have gone on strike, demanding greater rights for workers, as well as more radically the destruction of the Big Five and Land Reform for the workers of Hawaii.
Fulfilled Worker's Demands
Kanawai Mamalahoe
Royal Projects
Legacy of Kamehameha
Promoting Kama'aina
Civilising Mission
Big Five Support
Revolutionary Mahele
Revolutionary Welfare
Communal Democracy
Female Emancipation
Stable Republic
Promoting Trade in the Pacific
Sugar Industry
Plantation Support
Small Business Support
Thriving Economy
The Defence of Hawaii
Naval Industry
WACs and WAVEs
[ROOT.HAW_GetAdvisorIdeaName]
[ROOT.GetFactionName] Advisors
Foreign Advisors
Unlocks Decision: £decision_icon_small §YInvite Economic Advisors§!
Unlocks Decision: £decision_icon_small §YInvite Investors§!
Replace §H$HAW_small_business_idea$§! or §H$HAW_plantation_support_idea$§! with §H$HAW_thriving_economy_idea$§!\nEffective change:\n$MODIFIER_CONSUMER_GOODS_FACTOR$: [?-0.05|%H1]\n$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: [?0.05|+=%]\n$MODIFIER_INDUSTRIAL_CAPACITY_FACTOR$: [?0.05|+=%]\n$MODIFIER_INDUSTRIAL_CAPACITY_DOCKYARD_FACTOR$: [?0.05|+=%]
Maintain Control of Hawaii
With the Hawaiian defences shattered, and the islands fully under our control, it's just a matter of time until their allies give up the fight. However, we must hold the islands against any possible counterattacks, lest their recovery embolden their resistance against us.
Foreign Policy
We are an island in the middle of the Pacific and surrounded by enemies. If we are to survive we are going to need to align with a great power. The question is whom.
Economic Decisions
We are a small island without much industry. In order to improve our economy, we should see about attracting foreigners to our island both to assist the government and to invest in the island.
Attract [HAW_GetAdvisorDecisionAdjective]Industrial Investment
Attract [HAW_GetAdvisorDecisionAdjective]Military Investment
Attract [HAW_GetAdvisorDecisionAdjective]Commercial Investment
Attract [HAW_GetAdvisorDecisionAdjective]Naval Investment
Ship Purchases
Hawaii lacks the production capabilities for our navy. However, the navy is the key to protecting our islands. Thus, we should seek out foreign nations to buy ships from in order to supplement our navy.
Purchase [FROM.GetAdjective] Cruiser
Purchase [FROM.GetAdjective] Destroyer
Restoration of the Monarchy
After over forty years of American occupation and imperialism, the House of Kawānanakoa is restored to the throne. The government may be still divided on how the family shall rule, but there is no American to remove the democratic process of decision-making.
Cultural Revival
Where the US government suppressed Hawaiian language and culture has failed. We will speak in our native tongue and enjoy the patronage of traditional art once more. American immigrants are free to enjoy their own culture in this new Kingdom as well.
Hawaiian Renaissance
With our language revived, the Queen has commissioned a translation of every work in the Honolulu Library into Hawaiian. This will surely participate another cultural renaissance.
Ponana Leo
With an emerging class of artists in our great culture, we must undo the damage done by the Missionary Schools. A Pūnana Leo, or Language Nest, is a grassroots response to the highly regulatory nature of education in Hawaii.
Kanawai Mamalahoe
Enshrined in the original 1797 Constitution is the edict, Let every elderly person, woman and child lie by the roadside in safety. Children, Elders, and the homeless will not suffer in abuse in the Kingdom.
Constitutional Monarchy
Although our 1797 Constitution has several modern appendages, it lacks some of the legalistic updates as the US Territory law took over.
A Devoted Monarchy
The House of Kawānanakoa has spent the last few decades working towards an independent Hawaii. No matter what your political or religious beliefs are, the Monarchy is devoted to your happiness and wellbeing as Hawaiians.
Proportional Representation
The privy council has run Hawaii's legislation for decades on an appointment basis, which under the American rule was staffed by business interests and controlled almost exclusively by Republicans. We need to amend the latest 1893 Constitution with a proportional legislature.
Legacy of Kamehameha
The House of Kamehameha is the parent branch of the Kawānanakoa, and we owe much debt to the king that united the islands.
Royal Projects
The Queen has ordered new facilities to be built on the Big Island in order to better present the majesty of the Kingdom to the wider world.
The People's Queen
At one time the young Queen was a republican, seeing no way for her dynasty to recover their authority without the support of the people. Therefore, the Queen does not disparage the republicans, but instead hopes to exceed their expectations for a delegated and responsible ruler.
Hawaiian Home Land
Rampant unemployment following Black Monday has led to a rash of homelessness. Going above Kanawai Mamalahoe, we must utilise the royal builders to employ temporary labour to build housing for the poor.
Return Ceded Land
The land left behind by fleeing American businessmen has been left to their stewards. Now the land can be rightfully transferred in ownership to their proper owners. Be they the servants of the land, or the original owners before illegal seizure during the coup of 93.
Support the Kama'aina
In order to encourage local business growth after the end of the oligopoly, we have begun to offer the Kama'aina support. These native residents are the backbone of our political support.
Kuleana Rights
Responsibility to the land was neglected under the US occupation. Now the Kingdom inherits a debt of Kuleana, but we are proud to steward our land and take a direct role in the safety of our flora and fauna.
Ua Mau ke Ea o ka 'Aina i ka Pono
The old motto of our parent House of Kamehameha, the life of the land is perpetuated in righteousness. It is a call for wise rule over dictatorial powers of a queen. Most importantly, it is the beneficent rule over one's own land.
Declare the Republic
In the turmoil of our new independence, we have chosen to preserve the democratic system of the old United States, albeit localised to just our islands. Liberty has prevailed!
Strengthen Democracy
Monarchists and radical Leftists seek to undermine our democracy from every angle. We should ensure that the unalienable right of democracy can never be taken away.
Political Meritocracy
The mainland fell into chaos in part due to cronyism and nepotism. We need to make sure our new republic is a true meritocracy, where anyone can succeed based on their intelligence and skills.
Promote Education
A functioning democracy is entirely dependent on a functioning education system. We need to ensure that the University of Hawaii and other educational institutions are able to provide for all, no matter their background.
Stable Republic
While elections might be exciting, they should also be stable. The 1936 Presidential election showed us the necessity of a well-ordered political process. We need to ensure that our democratic traditions are protected through both laws and norms.
Legacy of America
While the mainland might be far away, the legacy of democracy has left a lasting imprint on Hawaii. Divided branches of government, open and free elections, and individual liberty all need to be enshrined in our new constitution.
Republicanism
A direct democracy, even on the smile scale of Hawaii, will never work. We need to ensure our new government is republican in nature, in order to better protect our citizen's rights and freedoms.
Americanism
Americanism means capitalism, freedom, and liberty. We need to ensure these rights are protected for all our citizens, no matter their race or religion.
Civilising Mission
Hawaii still has many areas untouched by modern civilisation, especially on the Big Island. We need to make sure all our citizens are brought up in the ways of Western education and culture.
Separation of Powers
The separation of powers needs to be enshrined in our constitution, otherwise we may fall to strongmen or mob rule. Independent courts will ensure that all laws that are passed are fair and equitable to all citizens.
Multicultural Republic
Beside native Hawaiians, we have large immigrant populations from China, Japan, the Philippines, and Portugal. We need to ensure these communities all work together for the greater good of Hawaii.
Support from the Big Five
The Big Five's interests are well-supported in our new republic, as the plantations are the lifeblood of our economy.
Plantation Support
Plantations employ most of our citizens outside of Honolulu. Through tax cuts and other legislation, we can ensure that they remain on our side and supportive of the new government.
Hawaiian Sugar Planters' Association
The HPSA represents the interests of the most powerful planters on the islands. We need to co-opt their support through whatever means are necessary in order to ensure the stability of our new republic.
Pacific Free Trade
We are a valuable entrepôt in the thriving trade of the Pacific, and we should ensure that Canada, Japan, Australasia, and other nations know we are open for business.
Jewel of the Pacific
Hawaii remains a bastion of freedom and liberty in the Pacific. Immigrants from all around the globe flock to our shores, and our economy is booming. Long live Hawaii!
The Revolution Succeeds
The great Hawaiian Revolution is over, but unless something is done the wounds we have torn open in this land will continue to fester and bleed. We must work with haste to build up an egalitarian, equal and enduring Hawaii, from the ruins of the old.
Revolutionary Mahele
The first Great Mahele was when Kamehameha III to stop the illegal homesteading of the 1850s. We the people can outdo the kingdom and even provide our fellow American allies a home.
Destroy the Big Five
The Big Five Companies, through the Republican Party and the Privy Council, ha e ruled Hawaii for far too long. Their political repression and use of racial militias should be answered by expropriation of their assets on the islands.
Land Collectivisation
The State agriculture organisation is now grouped under the Commune's Agricultural Department, and is formed into trusts for individual crops and geographical divisions of the industry. Crops are sold either directly to the government, to the cooperatives, or, in a very rapidly lessening extent, upon the open local markets.
Revolutionary Welfare
Publicly funded healthcare was for a long time shunned in the United States, as countless former presidents were beholden to the will of Big Business over their electorate. As we've now broken the yoke of corporations, public ownership has finally been legalised and enforced, and soon a prosperous Hawaiian welfare state will be created!
Communal Democracy
The new Hawaii cannot be built through authoritarian means, we must pursue a better class character for our democracy. Through laws empowering grassroots engagement and townhall meetings, political decisions will no longer be a distant murmur on Capitol Hill, they will be right amongst the workers!
People's Assemblies
Governing an entire chain of islands will be difficult. We need to set up autonomous people's assemblies on each island to better ensure our citizen's interests are represented and their complaints can be heard.
Industrial Democracy
For far too long, whatever fig leaf of democracy was left at the door as Hawaiians became slaves to petty tyrants in the Privy Council. The People's Assembly has mandated a new Industrial Democracy committee to promote cooperation between unions towards a democratic goal.
Unionisation
Labour unions must rise to become the dominant force within our economy, unions now empower every extent of the Commonwealth government.
Agricultural Unions
The Agricultural sector will be obliged to feed our nation, but other than that broad instruction, we can allow the farmers to operate mostly independently. Self-determination over forced collectivisation or quotas will bring about true socialism.
Worker's Cooperatives
We shall ensure that the work our labourers do will be of equal value to their efforts. The People's Council has passed laws to de-regulate equity and empower Contract Free Association.
Fight Reactionary Thought
In no country was culture so debased by capitalism as in Hawaii. Essentially a gigantic effort to perpetuate the robbery of the workers. The Proletarian revolution in Hawaii has at once made a slash into the maze of hypocrisy and intellectual rubbish, paving the road for a glorious new nation.
Female Emancipation
Women's suffrage has been assailed ever since the ascent of Queen Lili'uokalani, first by capitalists and then by reactionaries. We carve our way through both to provide the Hawaiian people true democracy in representation.
Education Reform
We must reform our Eurocentric and anti-modernist education system a compromise between either side. All school age children are required to attend, and both English and Hawaiian courses should be made available.
Ho'oponopono
That phrase means reconciliation and mental cleansing to us. We must push the public consciousness forward towards a bold median between tradition and westernism.
Hawaiian Socialism
Although our doctrine be based on mainland writings, our resolve and deep control of our social environment has allowed Hawaii to become a model socialist nation.
Pacific Trade
We do not have many natural resources, but our position in the Pacific means we are a hub for trade. We need to ensure we have adequate facilities to process the influx of trade that is sure to come.
Modernise the Islands
Many islands, especially the Big Island, lack infrastructure and any sort of manufacturing capability. While trade is good, we need to ensure we are at least somewhat self-sufficient.
Sugar Industry
Sugar is the lifeblood of our economy. We need to ensure plantations have enough infrastructure and support to survive the shocks of independence.
Support the Plantations
Coffee and banana plantations represent the other major components of our economy outside of sugar. We need to ensure they receive the same amount of support the sugar industry does.
Support Small Businesses
While large plantations are important for our industry, small businesses in Honolulu, Hilo, and other towns also need our support to survive the economic chaos independence brought.
Civilian Investments
A bold strategy has been devised by [Root.GetLeader] to assist in economic recovery. Traditional notions that government purchases are negatively associated with growth, newer theories hold that smart purchases can stimulate the economy.
Maritime Trade
While not nearly as historically significant as on the West Coast, we still have a strong legacy of commercial shipping. We should ensure that this industry supports the war effort.
Merchant Marine
The Merchant Marine was severely damaged in the struggle of 1936, [Root.GetLeader] has approved the extension of veteran benefits to those active duty sailors who are not on tour if they become members of the Merchant Marine in their downtime.
Foreign Economic Advisors
Japanese, Canadian, and Australasian economic advisors are all more than happy to help improve our economy. While we don't want to sign too much of our country away, assistance is needed.
Foreign Investments
Paradoxically, we need investment from outside Hawaii to become self-sufficient. New factories, roads, and ports all need to be constructed, and foreign countries are lining up to be a part of our new economy.
Bounty of Hawaii
We are rich in natural resources and produce. Hawaiian sugar and coffee are renowned around the world, and we should ensure that our resources make it to global markets.
Expand Ports
Our commodity export-focused economy requires us to constantly be expanding our ports in order to keep up with shipping demand. Already, requests for new harbours have been submitted. We need to start construction at once.
Electrification Effort
In order to accommodate the new infrastructural changes, as well as ensure the safety of the island against natural disasters, an electrification project is approved for all the inhabited islands.
Military Investments
The defence of Hawaii should not be neglected in our quest to achieve economic self-sufficiency. A small domestic military industry can employ many in Honolulu and also help equip our troops.
Thriving Economy
Against all odds, we have achieved economic self-sufficiency! Our citizens are employed, plantations are exporting record crop yields, and new roads and ports have made the islands closer integrated than ever before!
Assess the Navy
The Hawaiian Navy was heavily or entirely reliant on US support. With loyalists in Honolulu dedicated to protecting the Pacific above their orders to retreat to the mainland, we should work on improving our capabilities.
Battlecruiser Efforts
Battlecruisers present a middle balance between heavy battleships and faster cruisers. We should ensure we have some in our navy.
Rely on the Coast Guard
Restoring the Coast Guard will ensure that trade moves smoothly, criminals are stopped at sea, and those in danger are rescued.
Naval Aviation
Naval aviation is the future of warfare on the high seas. We should ensure that our air designs are capable of being launched from carriers and destroying the enemy fleet without even endangering our own.
Expand Pearl Harbor
Pearl Harbor is an important naval port, and we should expand it to be more appealing to foreign alliances. They will be looking for a strategic port in the Pacific, and we have it.
Modern Guns
Our armaments are insufficient to break through modern lines. We need to invest in improving our arms in order to close the gap with other nations.
Hawaiian Marines
Semper Fidelis means 'always loyal'. The loyal Marine Corps of Pearl Harbor will always be a bastion of American liberty and democracy, and help spread these freedoms around the world.
Jungle Training
Training our troops in the dense jungles of the Big Island and Maui will allow them to better repel any invasion by foreign powers.
Island Hopping
Should one of our islands fall to enemy attack, we need to train our troops on the best ways to conduct naval invasions to retake it, or assist our allies in any other naval invasions around the Pacific.
New Naval Tactics
Naval aviation and new technology are changing the face of naval warfare forever. We should ensure our textbooks are up to date with these new tactics.
Naval Industry
Our dockyards are somewhat inadequate to fight a war on their own. We need to ensure that new naval production facilities are constructed to support the war effort.
Coastal Defences
Powerful coastal guns can help us defend from any enemy naval invasion, and destroy enemy ships before they get close to shore.
Modernise the Forts
A number of colonial forts still dot the islands, but they are old and crumbling. We should repair and modernise them, and ensure that they are able to withstand an attack from modern weaponry.
Ha'iku Radio Station
A top secret facility in the mountains of O'ahu, the Ha'iku radio station will allow us to monitor radio traffic across the Pacific, giving us a significant advantage in anticipating enemy attacks.
Defend the Islands
These islands are our homeland. We need to defend them at all cost against those who seek to destroy our history and way of life.
Support Brigades
The army has requested more support while traversing the trenches our enemies have erected.
The WACs and WAVEs
Women can serve many auxiliary roles in the navy, freeing up men for combat duty. While this might be socially controversial, it will significantly help the war effort.
Kukini
In ancient Hawaii, Kukini were an elite class of men selected to undergo strenuous physical and mental training to become swift foot runners. Modern signal technology will allow us to better react to enemy movements and respond.
Military Research
We are having our best scientists and business leaders look into what we should invest our efforts into guns, artillery, tanks, our improving our own doctrines.
Rule the Islands
Following our extensive investments into naval research and construction, we have gained a place as one of the world's leading naval powers. Anchors away!
Hawaiian Air Force
Before the war, the American Army Air Corps had a presence in Hawaii. At the time it was little more than a branch of the Army. In this new war, we need to ensure it is independent and gets the support it needs.
New Pilot Training
Pilots are in short supply in the chaos of this war. We need to ensure that promising candidates aren't sent to the front lines, but instead given the proper training required to fight in the air.
Naval Aviation
Naval aviation is the future of warfare on the high seas. We should ensure that our air designs are capable of being launched from carriers and destroying the enemy fleet without even endangering our own.
Paratroopers
Paratroopers will allow us to rapidly attack otherwise isolated islands. We should start research into airborne doctrine and equipment at once.
Air Supremacy
The battle for the skies is fierce. We must promote vertical envelopment doctrine in order to protect our CAS and bombers.
Fighter Efforts
American fighter projects were halted during the 1920s, leading to a disadvantage in fighter development. We must close this gap in a new nation where naval aviation is essential to military success.
Battle-Field Support
The Army's request for more ground support while traversing the trenches our enemies have erected. As an equal partner the Air Force approves this request.
Bomber Efforts
Bombers, although a terror to behold, will enable us to project our power overseas. Our secret project also hinges on effective and safe bombers to deliver their secret payload.
Air Observer Corps
Ground observers are required for pilots to complete their missions. We should ensure that our ground troops have the correct equipment and training to call for air support effectively.
The WASPs
Women can fly a plane just as well as a man can, and can provide many valuable auxiliary tasks, freeing up men for other duties. While socially controversial, this will be an invaluable step in winning the war.
Airfield Expansion
The range of our fighters and bombers are limited by the airfields to which they are attached. By improving both the quality and quantity of these airfields, we will be able to strike more targets more frequently.
Rule the Skies
We have triumphed over our foes, and now rule the skies of the central Pacific. Aim high, fly, fight, and win!
§MRestore the kingdom§! ($social_conservative_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Choose to send the national guard or listen to the strikers to deal with the general strike.\n£white_dot Choose to declare the kingdom at the emergency meeting.\n£white_dot In 1940 and all following elections, you will be able to elect the §SProgressive Party§!, the §lNational Liberal Party§!, the §mRepublican Party§! and §cHui Aloha Aina§!.\n\n§MProclaim a Republic§! ($social_conservative_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Choose to send the national guard or listen to the strikers to deal with the general strike.\n£white_dot Choose to declare the republic at the emergency meeting.\n£white_dot In 1940 and all following elections, you will be able to elect the §lNational Liberal Party§!, the §mRepublican Party§! and §cHui Aloha Aina§!.\n\n§MSuccessful Revolution§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$ / $syndicalist_coloured$ / $totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Choose to ignore the general strike, send the police to the march on Honolulu, and have the strikers win the battle of Honolulu.\n£white_dot In 1940 and all following elections, you will be able to elect the §oRevolutionary Party of Hawaii§!, the §rHawaiian Federation of Labor§! and the §RSocialist Party of Hawaii§!.\n\n§MForeign Policy§!\n§MCo-Prosperity Sphere§! / §MReichspakt§! / §MEntente§!\n£white_dot Restore the kingdom or proclaim a republic, and the decisions to join the mentioned factions will appear.\n\n§MThird Internationale§!\n£white_dot Have the revolution be successful, and a decision to join the Third Internationale will appear.
The Territory of Hawaii Revolts
With the civil war going on in the mainland, the island of Hawaii has fallen into chaos. They have decided to separate from the country and have declared a state of emergency upon the island. With the civil war raging all around us, we will have to deal with them at a later date.
We should have expected this...
We should have expected this... (Play Hawaii)
The Emergency Directorate
With all the chaos going on in the Mainland, James Dole has declared an Emergency Directorate. However, the country is now at a standstill and chaos is increasing day by day. Meanwhile, a massive strike uniting workers throughout Hawaii is undergoing that is threatening to spiral out of control and destroy Hawaii. Order must be restored.
We shall weather this storm.
Dealing with the General Strike
Before the Emergency Meeting can be called to decide the fate of Hawaii, the strike must be dealt with. James Dole has three possibilities before him. He can send in the National Guard, he could ignore it, or he could just pay them off and fulfil some of their demands. What shall be done?
Send in the National Guard.
Ignore it.
Listen to the Strikers.
The Strike is Crushed
The National Guard were assembled throughout Hawaii, and in doing so they had to deal with a number of more aggressive strikers. There was a number of causalities in this suppression throughout the country, but it looks like Order has been restored.
Let's hope this was necessary.
The March onto Honolulu
The strikers have marched onto Honolulu and have presented their demands. This can be put off no longer, we can either agree to some of their demands or send in the police and national guard to end it once and for all.
Agree to their demands.
Send in the police.
The Hilo Massacre
As we sent out the National Guard and Police to deal with the strikers, in the town of Hilo on the island of Hawaii there was a massacre of the strikers. Around two hundred to three hundred people were killed and scores more were injured. When the news of this massacre reached Honolulu, the strikers became enraged they started to occupy government buildings and demand that the Emergency Directorate be overthrown and that a new government is in charge where the people rule Hawaii.
This does not seem good.
The Strike is defeated
At long last the Great Hawaiian strike is over. We can now rest easy and focus on the Emergency Committee meeting that we have delayed at holding to deal with this crisis.
This is finally over.
The Battle of Honolulu
The city of Honolulu has been turned into a battlefield as the strikers and the police clash. It has quickly turned into a bloodbath. Shops, churches governmental buildings, and homes have been wracked by riots and violence. By the end of the day victory belonged to...
The National Guard.
The Strikers.
The Hawaiian Revolution
It soon became apparent that the strikers had won in Honolulu and that they had control of the city. It did not take long for the revolution to establish control over the rest of the islands. With this act, the Commune of Hawaii was proclaimed.
Victory for the People.
The Emergency Meeting
The national Emergency Committee has finally been gathered in Honolulu. The matter at hand is the fate and future of Hawaii. Should Hawaii become a kingdom, a republic? Should we rejoin America and if so which America is the legitimate America. What shall be decided?
Declare the Republic.
Declare the Kingdom.
The Declaration of a Republic
The emergency meeting has decided to create a republic. [Root.GetLeader] has been given the role as interim president while the elections can be arranged. Today throughout Hawaii the people are happy and celebrating a new page in their country's history.
Long live the Republic.
The Declaration of a Kingdom
The Emergency Committee has declared that the constitutional monarchy - overthrown by a coalition of American and European businessmen in an 1893 coup - would be restored. Jonah Kuhio Kalaniana'ole, the last Hawaiian prince and heir to the throne, died in 1922 without issue. The House of Nobles thus chose Lydia Lili'uokalani, of the House of Kawananakoa, to become the new Queen of Hawaii. Born in 1905 and named after Queen Lili'uokalani, the last queen of Hawaii, Lydia proudly reclaims her house's right to rule and promises to establish a prosperous new Kingdom of Hawaii.
Long live Queen Lili'uokalani II!
The Royal Hawaiian Tour
The Royal Family of Hawaii, despite being present and politically active for centuries, have yet to attract the respect of other monarchies around the world. This oversight obviously being due to the imperial yoke of America, only now corrected. The House of Kawānanakoa now prepares to reintroduce Hawaii to the world, in particular to the Yamoto and the Hohenzollerns. They may even pass by Brazil, as news of their royal family reviving brings us much comfort in our returned glory.
Bon Voyage.
Hawaiian Royalty visits Rio de Janeiro
The Hawaiian royal family has come to Rio de Janeiro in order to meet with the Brazilian royal family. They spent their day touring the sites of Rio de Janeiro and as well as private meetings with the political leaders of the country. The relations between the Empire of Brazil and the Kingdom of Hawaii have improved because of this visit.
Aloha from Brazil.
Hawaiian Royalty visits Tokyo
The Hawaiian royal family has come to Tokyo in order to meet with the Japanese royal family and other notable dignitaries. They spent their day touring the sites of Tokyo and as well as private meetings with the political leaders of the country. The relations between the Empire of Japan and the Kingdom of Hawaii have improved because of this visit.
Aloha from Japan.
Hawaiian Royalty visits Ottawa
The Hawaiian royal family has come to Ottawa in order to meet with the British royal family and other notable dignitaries. They spent their day touring the sites of Ottawa and as well as private meetings with the political leaders of the country. The relations between the British Empire and the Kingdom of Hawaii have improved because of this visit.
Aloha from Canada.
Hawaiian Royalty visits Berlin
The Hawaiian royal family has come to Berlin in order to meet with the German royal family and other notable dignitaries. They spent their day touring the sites of Berlin and as well as private meetings with the political leaders of the country. The relations between the German Empire and the Kingdom of Hawaii have improved because of this visit.
Aloha from Germany.
Hawaiian Renaissance
The first Hawaiian renaissance occurred during the reign of Kamehameha V in the mid-1800s. It brought a revival of Hawaiian culture as well as spurring on construction projects including renovating Iolani Palace. However the Americans would come and overthrow the monarchy and much of the energy from this moment died then.\n\nHowever, now that the monarchy has been restored to the throne, [HAW.getleader] is pushing for a renewal of the same ideals that occurred during the first renaissance. For the first time in decades there is a revival and interest in all aspects of Hawaiian culture from the native language, traditional arts, hula, music and more. Similar to the first renaissance, the new renaissance has brought about energy into renovating buildings and improving the various buildings throughout the country.
A new day for Hawaii.
Hawaiian Orders
In the past there were a number of orders that the Kingdom of Hawaii had established such as the Royal Order of Kamehameha, The Royal Order of Kalakaua, Royal Order of Kapi'olani Sash, The Royal Order of the Crown of Hawaii, and the Royal Order of the Star of Oceania. Now that the Monarchy has been restored again, these orders and the other medals the Kingdom gives out can resume having the proper prestige that they deserve.
Shiny.
Samoa and other Polynesian monarchies
While the Monarchy of Hawaii is the largest of the islands, there are others in the pacific with their own monarchies, notably Samoa. To that end [HAW.getleader] has been presented with a proposal to revive the ideas of the Kalākaua who wished to create a Polynesian Confederation. This would support the rights of the various islands outside of the Hawaiian chain and their monarchies and work to form bonds of friendship between the various kings and queens.
Give support to the Monarchies.
Church of Hawaii
In the old kingdom of Hawaii, the monarchy converted to the Anglican church and established the church of Hawaii, part of the Anglican communion, as the state religion of the Kingdom. When the monarchy was overthrown, the church of Hawaii was disestablished and made part of the American Episcopalian church and it lost its bishopric. Now that Hawaii is independent, the Church of Hawaii is gaining influence again and even had its stolen bishopric returned to it. The question though is should the Church be given state support again or should that be a personal matter for the royal family?
It shall be given state support.
The monarchy shall not pick sides in matters of faith.
Aloha Festivals
[HAW.GetLeader] has created a new festival called the Aloha Festival in order to promote Hawaiian culture, heritage and tourism. Part of the festival includes a parade with the Royal Family, Hula dances, and more displays of Hawaiian culture. It is already proving to be popular with locals and visitors.
Aloha Hawaii.
General Elections of [GetYear]
It is time for another general election. The winner of the election will determine which party's leader shall be elected Kuhina Nui (Prime Minister). Who shall the people of the Kingdom of Hawaii vote for?
Progressive Party.
National Liberal Party.
Republican Party.
Hui Aloha Aina.
Introducing Miss Dolcinea
The competition with the United Fruit Company has entered into the mass media era with UFC's introduction of Miss Chiquita, a new mascots designed by Dik Browne. In response to this and in order to reach the young customers that UFC is targeting, James Dole has created a Mascot for Dole Fruit. Dolecinea, a Spanish woman who serves as a vehicle for Dole to criticise UFC's treatment of Latin Americans, as well as distract from their own hold in Hawaii. Ads are beginning to show up in children's' media of Dolecinea's adventures, enticing customers to buy 
This'll help with sales.
Status of Japanese Hawaiians
There are approximately 150 thousand Japanese immigrants living in Hawaii today, a third of the total population, most of whom are first or second generation American citizens. The collapse of Federal authority on the islands has precipitated a new eminent influence from the Japanese Empire, which complicates future classification of Japanese residents. More liberal elements of the Hawaiian Republic wish to officially enfranchise Japanese residents as full citizens. The military elements, still attached to their exclusively white origins, have stated their position against Japanese citizenship. Thirdly the Japanese Empire itself has surprised us by asserting in telegrams that Japanese residents are still legally Japanese citizens. How do we respond?
The Japanese here are citizens.
The Japanese here are merely resident aliens.
Dealing with the Hawaiian Militias
The militias that have kept Hawaii free from invaders are in need of fresh blood. They traditionally only recruit white Hawaiians and only have access to military surplus weapons. While the weapon situation is easy to remedy, the recruitment is still stifled. Governor Dole has come to the militias to propose that they face the political realities of the territory and drop their racial requirement. The militia leaders continue to refuse the advice, and the Governor has come to consider an alternative solution. Fire the leaders of the militias and appoint yes-men. This would reflect negatively on the status of white Hawaiians in general however.
Give up on reforms.
Replace the militia leaders.
Presidential Elections of [GetYear]
It is time for another general election. The winner of the election will determine which party's leader shall be elected President. Who shall the people of the Republic of Hawaii vote for?
National Liberal Party.
Republican Party.
Hui Aloha Aina.
Radical art in Honolulu
The Honolulu Museum of Art is a testament to the growing wealth and prestige of the Island under American rule. However, its use as a centre for art creation and promotion has been stifled by its overreliance on formalistic mainlander art. There exists no promotion of native art, nor any of the revolutionary art that other Communards across the world have created. We must rectify this with what little funds are available. We have cleared space for a new wing of the Honolulu Art Museum dedicated to...
Modern Art.
Native Hawaiian Art.
Integrating American Communards
The Commune of Hawaii itself has origins in the planning halls of California between Longshoremen and Unionists for Dole Fruit. This important tie to mainland United States has allowed for us to import bureaucrats and labour organisers to Hawaii in order to better achieve socialism. However, these last few months have shown some disunity between the longtime resident organisers and the newer arrivals. The new ministers are less than knowledgeable about agriculture and shipbuilding, and use their wages to import increasingly expensive goods from the mainland. This issue would be ignorable, if not for a growing resentment in the more egalitarian society we all are building. Several men and women have anonymously met to ask for \
No! You knew what you signed up for.
Fine! Take a seat.
General Election of [GetYear]
It is time for another general election to decide the makeup of the People's council of Hawaii. The party or faction with the most seats shall have their leader be elected as General Secretary. Who shall the people vote for?
Revolutionary Party of Hawaii.
Hawaiian Federation of Labor.
Socialist Party of Hawaii.
[From.GetNameDefCap] wishes to join the [Root.GetFactionName]
[From.GetNameDefCap], have sent an ambassador to meet with our government in order to bring [From.GetNameDefCap] into the [Root.GetFactionName]. Should we accept the Hawaiians' offer?
Of course they may join!
We do not need Hawaii.
[From.GetNameDefCap] refuses
The [From.GetAdjective] government has refused our request to join the [From.GetFactionName]. Perhaps we are not good enough for their measure, or unworthy as an ally. Either way, the answer was clearly no.
Drat.
Peace with [JAP.GetNameDef]?
Hawaii has been lost to the Japanese war machine, and six months have passed without any inroads into recovering the islands. Perhaps it would be better to cut our losses and seek peace with [JAP.GetNameDef] - surely tiny Hawaii isn't worth the costs of this war?
Yes, let us end this.
We will not abandon our allies!
Peace with [FROM.GetNameDef]?
Even though Hawaii is now firmly under our control, their allies in the [FROM.GetFactionName] have yet to concede defeat... until now. We have received a missive from the [FROM.GetAdjective] ambassador, offering to end this war in exchange for recognising our control over Hawaii. With neither side able to effectively contest the other, this seems like an acceptable offer.
We are victorious once again.
There will be no peace with Western imperialists!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Peace
Despite our hopes that [FROM.GetNameDef] and the [FROM.GetFactionName] would see the futility of trying to protect Hawaii against our mighty navy, it seems that they are yet to realise this. Already the [FROM.GetAdjective] government has stated their resolve to see Hawaii protected against \
Despite our generous offer, the [FROM.GetAdjective] government has categorically refused any notion of peace with our alliance, denigrating our offer as \
The war continues...
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Demands Reunion
As the smoke clouds and crackles of gunfire above continental American have died down, many Hawaiians have questioned whether it is time to see ourselves return. Today, [FROM.GetLeader], the leader of [FROM.GetNameDef], has made a radio broadcast across America addressing the outcome of the bloody civil war, along with requesting that Hawaii abandon her alliance with the [ROOT.GetFactionName] and rejoin the republic as a state, instead of a territory. At the same time, a small group of delegates have arrived in Honolulu to await a reply.
As the smoke clouds and crackles of gunfire above continental America have died down, many Hawaiians have questioned whether it is time to see ourselves return. Today, [FROM.GetLeader], the leader of [FROM.GetNameDef], has made a radio broadcast across America addressing the outcome of the bloody civil war, along with requesting that Hawaii rejoin the republic as a state, instead of a territory. At the same time, a small group of delegates have arrived in Honolulu to await a reply.
Tell [ROOT.FactionLeader.GetNameDef] that we wish to rejoin.
Ask [ROOT.FactionLeader.GetNameDef] to intervene.
We have no choice.
Absolutely not!
Hawaii wishes to Rejoin [america.GetNameDef]
After the recent radio broadcast made by [america.GetLeader] demanding the reunion of [FROM.GetNameDef] with [america.GetNameDef], [FROM.GetLeader] has informed [ROOT.GetLeader] that Hawaii intends to return to the protection of the continental United States. However, [FROM.GetLeader] also wishes to seek approval from us before contacting the delegates that have just arrived in Honolulu.\n\nAllowing them to rejoin will put us on speaking, if not friendly terms with [america.GetNameDef], but we would also give up a crucial staging ground for countering American aggression in the Pacific.
By all means.
Absolutely not!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Approves Reunion with America
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has listened to the arguments of our diplomat in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] present our arguments for rejoining continental America. After excusing our diplomats for a short period, summoned them again, and to great surprise and relief, agreed to allow us to rejoin continental America. [FROM.GetNameDefCap] wishes the best for our country.
Excellent!
Hawaii Rejoins America
Today, a small garrison of American troops has landed in Pearl Harbour, marching through Oahu into the city centre of Honolulu. At noon, the [HAW.GetAdjective] flag on top of the Iolani Palace was lowered, and [america.GetNameDef]'s flag was raised. [HAW.GetLeader] then gave a speech, asking Hawaiians to celebrate the reunion between Hawaii and continental America.
Excellent!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Declines Reunion with America
After consulting his advisors, [FROM.GetLeader] has declined our request of reuniting with continental America, citing political instability as the prime reason. As one of the many American possessions whose control had been lost during the American Civil War, the reunion of Hawaii with America will undoubtedly bring much needed legitimacy to the owner of the White House, rendering Hawaii as only a political tool and not seen with true equality within the legislature or the administration.\n\nWhile we may respect their decision and refuse a reunion, a notable portion of the Hawaiian population would undoubtedly prefer being under the same umbrella as the whole of America. We could secretly inform the delegates from America and organise a reunion all under [FROM.GetLeader]'s nose before they can react.
Defy them!
We must respect their decision.
Hawaii Defies Us!
Despite us presenting the possibility of Hawaii being used as a political tool for the victor of the American civil war, our informants have passed on reports that [HAW.GetLeader] has opted to organise their reunion in secret. The reports that have made their way back seem to be solid with little room for interpretation. We can either use all means possible to ensure they remain within our influence, including starting a war with their masters, or simply let the Pacific islands return to continental America.
How dare they!
Hawaii isn't worth a war.
[FROM.FROM.GetNameDefCap] Threatens Us
A furious telegraph has arrived in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] demanding that Hawaii's return to continental America be stopped, under threat of war with [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef]. Clearly, they underestimated the sentiment of the Hawaiians, yet wanted to retain whatever little influence they have upon the islands. We can hold our ground and refuse, potentially starting another brutal war after the recent conclusion of the American Civil War, or stand down and let them keep Hawaii.
Then war it is.
This isn't worth shedding blood over.
Hawaii Requests Intervention
An encrypted message has been sent by [HAW.GetLeader] to us, informing us of the [america.GetName]'s formal demands to see Hawaii returned and reintegrated. Implied in the demands are possibilities that military action will be taken to ensure their return. Thus, [HAW.GetLeader] has requested us to provide military support and back their desire for independence.
We protect our allies!
They are on their own.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Intervenes
Honolulu has given us a reply. They declined the reunion offer, but before our delegates could ask them to reconsider lest we use arms to ensure the reunion goes through. At this threat, [HAW.GetLeader] replies that the alliance Hawaii has joined, [HAW.GetFactionName] would support them were they attacked. The delegates were then quickly sent on a flight back to continental America. We are left with two options, going to war for Hawaii, or backing down.
Then war it is.
Hawaii isn't worth a war.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses to Intervene
We have received a reply from [FROM.GetLeader], who has informed us that they will not back us in the case of an American invasion. We maintain a small military, definitely unable to stand up to the might of American industry. However, we still do have a fighting chance, and we could not surrender or go down without a fight. What shall our next step be?
We have no choice now...
We will not give up our independence!
Hawaii Rejects Reunion
Just now, our delegates in Honolulu have been told that Hawaii will not rejoin America. However, [FROM.GetLeader] has not elaborated on the reasons for declining the reunion and promptly sent our delegates away, showing little room for further negotiations. Needless to say, the only options we are left with are declaring a state of war with [FROM.GetNameDef] or backing down.
War it is, then.
Hawaii isn't worth a war.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Demands the Return of Hawaii
Hawaii has established an independent government during the American civil war and entered a defensive alliance to prevent the clouds of war from reaching the shores of the Pacific paradise. Earlier today, we received a message from [FROM.GetNameDef], informing us that they would like to see the peaceful return of Hawaii. Hawaii never belonged to us, and allowing them to return to the control of continental US would protect us from war between us and America, but at the same time, we should honour our alliance. What shall we do?
Hawaii has established an independent government during the American civil war, protected by us, to prevent the clouds of war from reaching the shores of the Pacific paradise. Earlier today, we received a message from [FROM.GetNameDef], informing us that they would like to see the peaceful return of Hawaii. Hawaii never belonged to us, and allowing them to return to the control of continental US would protect us from war between us and America, but at the same time, we should defend our protectorate. What shall we do?
We annexed Hawaii during the American civil war, and now America has come asking for their return, as the crown jewel of American possessions lost as they sorted their ideological differences out. The strategic importance of Hawaii in the Pacific, especially as a staging ground in the Pacific should we want to exert our influence, makes it a difficult decision, however, the potential of war between us and [america.GetNameDef] is not a small threat. What shall we do?
We annexed Hawaii during the American civil war, and now America has come asking for their return, as the crown jewel of the American possessions lost as they sorted their ideological differences out. The strategic importance of Hawaii in the Pacific makes it a difficult decision, however, the potential of war between us and [america.GetNameDef] is not a small threat. What shall we do?
Return the American lands.
No, we shall keep it.
Hawaii isn't worth fighting over.
Hawaii belongs to us.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Returns Hawaii
We have received great news. [FROM.GetNameDefCap] has informed us that they would not want to jeopardise the precious peace we share currently, and has agreed to allow Hawaii to peacefully rejoin America.
Excellent.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap]'s Betrayal
We have received news of an extraordinary betrayal! [FROM.GetNameDef] have refused to promise us of military intervention in case of an invasion. Without the backing of a military force, we are likely to be quickly overwhelmed by the American industry, however, we can also attempt to defend ourselves for as long as possible.
This is an outrage!
Hawaii isn't worth fighting over
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Leaves the [Root.GetFactionName]
Honolulu, after receiving the news that we would not back them in case of an American invasion, has announced they will leave [Root.GetFactionName] and proudly stand alone against their invaders. This was followed by them denouncing us for cowardly self-preservation and having our diplomats dismissed rudely, despite best efforts to convince them to remain within the [Root.GetFactionName], however, their rage is understandable and we could only honour their decision.
That could have gone better...
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses To Return Hawaii
As negotiations reached an impasse, our delegates messaged back to [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] with much disappointment and hesitation, that [FROM.GetNameDef] will not allow Hawaii to rejoin us. Our delegates wanted to convince them otherwise, however they have been dismissed and sent back to continental United States. As such, we have two options remaining, we can declare war to force the return of Hawaii, or we can back down and wait for another time.
War it is, then.
We cannot fight them.
Hawaii
Hawaiian
Hawaii
Commune of Hawaii
the Commune of Hawaii
Commune of Hawaii
the Commune of Hawaii
Commune of Hawaii
the Commune of Hawaii
Commune of Hawaii
the Commune of Hawaii
Commune of Hawaii
the Commune of Hawaii
Commune of Hawaii
the Commune of Hawaii
Kingdom of Hawaii
the Kingdom of Hawaii
Kingdom of Hawaii
the Kingdom of Hawaii
Kingdom of Hawaii
the Kingdom of Hawaii
Kingdom of Hawaii
the Kingdom of Hawaii
Kingdom of Hawaii
the Kingdom of Hawaii
Kingdom of Hawaii
the Kingdom of Hawaii
Kingdom of Hawaii
the Kingdom of Hawaii
Jack Denichi Kimoto
§YBorn:§! §L1906, in 'Ewa, Territory of Hawaii, United States of America§!
Jack Wayne Hall
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 28th, 1915, in Ashland, Wisconsin, United States of America§!
Arthur Abraham Rutledge
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 2nd, 1907, in Lublin, Lublin Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!
John Henry Wilson
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1871, in Honolulu, O'ahu, Kingdom of Hawaii§!
Samuel Wilder King
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 17th, 1886, in Honolulu, O'ahu, Kingdom of Hawaii§!
Lawrence McCully Judd
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 20th, 1887, in Honolulu, O'ahu, Kingdom of Hawaii§!
Henry Alexander Baldwin
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 12th, 1871, in Maui, Kingdom of Hawaii§!
James Dole
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1877, in Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts, United States of America§!
Lydia Lili'uokalani Kawānanakoa
Lili'uokalani II
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 22nd, 1905, in Honolulu, Territory of Hawaii, United States of America§!
Ingram Macklin Stainback
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1883, in Somerville, Tennessee, United States of America§!
Joseph Rider Farrington
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1897, in Washington, D.C., United States of America§!
Charles Atwood Rice
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 12th, 1876, in Honolulu, O'ahu, Kingdom of Hawaii§!
Charles Reed Hemenway
§YBorn:§! §LJune 12th, 1875, in Manchester, Vermont, United States of America§!
Robert Larimore Shivers
§YBorn:§! §LApril 9th, 1895, in Ashland, Tennessee, United States of America§!
Walter Campbell Short
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 30th, 1880, in Fillmore, Illinois, United States of America§!
Charles Douglas Herron
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 13th, 1877, in Crawfordsville, Indiana, United States of America§!
Kendall Jordan Fielder
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 1st, 1893, in Cedartown, Georgia, United States of America§!
Delos Carleton Emmons
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 17th, 1889, in Huntington, West Virginia, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDelos Carleton Emmons graduated from the United States Military Academy in June 1909 as a second lieutenant. He was assigned as the CO of the Company B of the 30th Infantry Regiment, and would follow the 30th until July 1916, where he was promoted to first lieutenant and joined the Signal Corps to become an aviator. He became a Captain by July 1917, a Major in June 1918 and a Colonel in August 1918. He'd transfer to the US Army Air Service in 1920, and in 1921 he completed the Air Service Course at Harvard University. He'd hold several influential posts in the US Army Air Service during the twenties, and would graduate from the Air Corps Tactical School and the Command and General Staff School before 1930. He was assigned to Hawaii in March 1934 as the CO of the 18th Composite Wing and he has held that post until the outbreak of the American Civil War. With the local tensions high, and seeing the writing on the wall, Delos decided to join the revolt against the Federal Government which helped proclaim an independent Hawaii. This has granted him the promotion to Brigadier General, but it is uncertain if he's actually prepared for the job.§!\n\n§YNotes: He is known to have made racist displays against Japanese-Americans in the island, citing the possibility of a Japanese attack on the island.§!
Robert Charlwood Richardson Jr.
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 27th, 1882, in Charleston, South Carolina, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRobert Charlwood Richardson Jr. graduated from West Point as a second lieutenant in 1904, and was a member of the 14th Cavalry Regiment during the Philippine War guerrilla insurrections, where he personally fought against hostile Moros tribesmen. During one skirmish against the tribesmen, he was wounded in combat, for which he was awarded the Purple heart and the Silver Star. He'd continue to fight with his regiment until October 1905, where he returned to San Francisco. He led the 14th Cavalry during the 1906 earthquake as a part of the government response to the disaster. In October 1906, he rejoined West Point as an Assistant Instructor in Foreign Languages until 1911, where he rejoined the 14th Cavalry for a second tour in the Philippines. He'd return again to the US in 1914, and served as Assistant Professor of English in West Point until 1917, where he was sent to France as an observer for the dying Entente. His observations in France were quite valuable for the US Military Academy, and once the defeat of France became imminent, he was recalled back to the US. He was ascended to Captain in 1920, and after signing up for a third tour in the Philippines, he became a Major. He was later sent to the Republic of Italy as a military attaché during the conflicts that shaped the region and would return as a lieutenant colonel in 1928, where he'd rejoin his beloved 13th Cavalry once more at Fort Riley in Kansas. He'd be rotated as commanding officer throughout many regions of the United States, until he promoted and assigned to Hawaii in early 1936. While he's one of the most experienced members of the staff, his loyalty to Hawaii itself isn't really solid as there seems to have been a struck of luck for Richardson to be spared the chaos that now ravages the mainland when he actually has no connections to the island.§!
Joseph Taggart McNarney
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 28th, 1893, in Emporium, Pennsylvania, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoseph Taggart McNarney graduated from the United States Military Academy in June 1915, having attended lessons with great officers like Omar Bradley and Dwight Eisenhower. McNarney served with the 21st Infantry Regiment at Vancouver Barracks, Washington, and with the 37th Infantry Regiment at Yuma, Arizona. He became one of the first lieutenants to begin flight training when he signed up to the Signal Corps Aviation School in 1916, from where he'd graduate a year later as a Junior Military Aviator. He was promoted to Captain in May 1917 and posted in New Mexico. He'd later take charge of the flying school at Gerstner Field, in Luisiana. He'd move in late 1920 to Langley Field, where he became a student of the Air Service Field Officers School and remained in Langley as an instructor. He'd graduate with honours from the Command and General Staff School at Fort Leavenworth in 1926, and he completed the Army War College course in 1930. He succeeded Major Spaatz in the 7th Bomb group after Spaatz promotion. McNarney then became an instructor at the Army War College in Washington, serving from August 1933 to March 1935, where he was redeployed as an attaché to Canada. With the outbreak of the Civil War, McNarney decided that it was best to leave to a place where his particular skills were in short supply, and the Hawaiian staff was more than happy to welcome him from Canada.§!
James Otto Richardson
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 18th, 1878, in Paris, Texas, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJames Otto Richardson entered the United States Naval Academy in 1898 and graduated fifth in a class of eighty-five in 1902. His first duty assignments were in the Asiatic Squadron, where he took part in the Philippine campaign and, after 1905, in the Atlantic Ocean. In 1907 to 1909, Lieutenant Richardson commanded the torpedo boats Tingey and Stockton and the Third Division, Atlantic Torpedo Flotilla. He was a member of the first class of the Navy's Post Graduate Engineering School from 1909 to 1911 and served as an engineer on the battleship USS Delaware and on the staff of the Atlantic Reserve Fleet. In 1914, Richardson was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant Commander and was attached to the Department of the Navy's Bureau of Steam Engineering, where he worked to assure the Navy's fuel supply. In 1917 to 1919, Commander Richardson was navigator and executive officer of the battleship USS Texas. Following a tour at the Naval Academy, he was given command of the gunboat USS Asheville in 1922 and took her out to Asiatic waters, where he also had command of the South China Patrol. Captain Richardson was Assistant to the Chief, Bureau of Ordnance, in 1924 to 1927. In the late 1920s, he commanded a destroyer division and returned to the US for service with the Bureau of Navigation. In January 1931, Captain Richardson placed the new scouting cruiser USS Augusta in commission and commanded her for more than two years. After a tour as a Naval War College student in 1933-1934, he was Budget Officer at the Navy Department, receiving promotion to rear admiral while he was in that position in December 1934. His duties as a flag officer included command of a Scouting Fleet cruiser division, service as aide and Chief of Staff, and a tour as Commander Destroyers, Scouting Fleet. In the end of 1935 he became chief of the Bureau of Navigation.§!\n\n§YNotes: Protested against redeployment of a portion of the Scouting Fleet forward to Pearl Harbor and has bad relations with the U.S. government because of that.§!
Luke McNamee
§YBorn:§! §LApril 4th, 1871, in Mount Hope, Wisconsin, United States of America§!
Gordon Pai'ea Chung-Hoon
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 25th, 1910, in Honolulu, Territory of Hawaii, United States of America§!
Benjamin Vaughan McCandlish
§YBorn:§! §LJune 3rd, 1886, in Petersburg, Virginia, United States of America§!
Husband Edward Kimmel
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 26th, 1882, in Henderson, Kentucky, United States of America§!
Ira Lafayette Kimes
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 8th, 1899, in Fayetteville, Tennessee, United States of America§!
Andrew Moses
§YBorn:§! §LJune 6th, 1874, in Burnet, Texas, United States of America§!
Millard Fillmore Harmon Jr.
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 19th, 1888, in Fort Mason, California, United States of America§!
Majlis al Sha'bī
Majlis al Sha'bī al Thawrī fī Jazīrat al 'Arab\n(Popular Revolutionary Council in the Arabian Peninsula)
$HEJ_totalist_party$
$HEJ_totalist_party_long$
$HEJ_totalist_party$
$HEJ_totalist_party_long$
Hizb Hijāzī al Lībirālī (Hejazi Liberal Party)
HHL
Hizb Hijāzī al Lībirālī (Hejazi Liberal Party)
HHL
Hizb Hijāzī al Lībirālī (Hejazi Liberal Party)
HHL
Hizb Hijāzī al Watanī (Hejazi National Party)
HHW
Sharīf al Hijāz (Sharif of Hejaz)
Sharīf al Hijāz
Sharīf al Hijāz (Sharif of Hejaz)
Sharīf al Hijāz
Hizb al Fidā' al Watanī (Party of National Sacrifice)
HFW
Hejaz
Hejazi
Hejaz
People's Republic of Hejaz
the People's Republic of Hejaz
United Communes of Mecca & Medina
the United Communes of Mecca & Medina
Republic of Hejaz
the Republic of Hejaz
Arabia
Arabian
Arabia
People's Republic of Arabia
the People's Republic of Arabia
United Communes of Arabia
the United Communes of Arabia
Republic of Arabia
the Republic of Arabia
Hashemite Arabia
Hashemite Arabia
Hashemite Arabia
Hashemite Arabia
Hashemite Arabia
Hashemite Arabia
Hashemite Arabia
Hashemite Arabia
Hashemite Arabia
Hashemite Arabia
Hashemite Arabia
Hashemite Arabia
Hashemite Arabia
Hashemite Arabia
Hejaz
Hejazi
Hejaz
Defence of Mecca
Surrounded by enemies on all sides, it seems unlikely the Hejazi state can survive. If it were to prove its worth in battle, however, persuading Egypt to intervene on their behalf could be possible.
The Second Hejazi Revolt
Even though Ottoman control over the Hejaz was reestablished during the closing stages of the Weltkrieg, the prestige of the region and the martial deeds performed by its population during the 'Arab Revolt' have kept a certain romanticised image of the event alive. With Ottoman troops stuck fighting in Kurdistan and Anatolia itself against a rising tide of conservative opposition, many in Jeddah and Mecca see in this an opportunity to rekindle the old conflict and to dust off the Hashemite banner.\n\nThe presence of Ottoman garrisons in the region and the adjacency of the Hejaz railway however greatly complicate this new attempt at independence as a limited supply of both arms and manpower can only temporarily keep Ottoman reinforcements at bay.
We've beaten them once before, we can do so again
Medina Joins the Hejazi Revolt!
Unrest has reached a breaking point in Medina as well today after a group of Arabs hoisted the Black, White, Red and Green flag above the office of the Ottoman governor. Shops owned by Turks and Jews have been destroyed in a burst of outrage against the Ottoman government as more and more Arabs see their future linked to the new Arab nationalist movement instead of the ancient Turkish relic.
Damn!
The Hashemite Revolt
Although soundly defeated during the Weltkrieg, our former rivals in the Hejaz have seen a return to power. Rallying behind [HEJ.GetLeader], the new Hejazi state has joined forces with Cairo and has sworn to assist in bringing down the Turkish regime. This is an unfortunate event for us however as in exchange for our support in the Egyptian war effort, a tacit understanding was reached in relation to the Red Sea land.\n\nWith the Hashemites torpedoing these plans, a revision of our previous plans seems to be in order. Some are suggesting we pursue peace with the Ottoman regime and form a neutral bloc in the war. Others are less convinced and furthermore also don't believe that our nation will have any power without the much richer and important coastline. They suggest an immediate strike on the Holy Cities to shut down the Hashemites and lock the region down. Egypt will likely offer protest but if we do so before the Hashemite state can really organise itself, they will have no choice but to accept the situation.
Send a delegation to the Sublime Porte
Strike the Hashemites!
A Peace Offer from the Peninsula
It seems that unity in the Arab front has already suffered its first setback as the Arabs of the inner Peninsula refuse to fight together with the Hejazis. Therefore they propose a settlement in which they would withdraw their forces from all fronts in exchange for a recognition of their independence. Furthermore they also want confirmation from the Ottoman State that the Trucial States and the Al-Hasa coastal strip are forever Arab lands.
Divide et Impera.
There is no reason for peace!
The Ottomans Refuse Our Offer
Citing their clear military superiority and their plans to finally rid themselves of the Arab issue, the Ottoman government has rebuked our offers and announced it will not stop until Riyadh is forced to surrender and the red-white flag is hoisted above its ramparts.
Most unfortunate.
The Invasion of Hejaz
Benefitting from our current weakness, the Arab of the inner peninsula have decided to strike Hejaz and take us out before we can reorganise ourselves. They hope that with a quick strike on Mecca and Jeddah, they can take control over the entire coastline and prevent Egyptian interference. With our forces stretched thin and most tribes still debating whether to even join the anti-Ottoman revolt, our odds are looking quite bad.
Hopefully Egypt will intervene on our behalf
The Invasion of Hejaz
Benefitting from the Hashemite weakness, the Arab of the inner peninsula have decided to strike Hejaz and take us out before they can reorganise themselves. They hope that with a quick strike on Mecca and Jeddah, they can take control over the entire coastline and prevent an intervention by our army on behalf of the Hejazi state. As our troops are tied up fighting against the Turks further North and West, most in the Egyptian command believe that it would be best to stall for now and see whether the Arabs can make true on their threats. Should they not be able to, we shall take Hejaz under our wing, but if they are then it would be wisest not to break ties with our allies.
Wait and see
Intervene on behalf of the Hashemites!
The Fall of Mecca
With the fall of Mecca earlier today, it seems the Hejazi revolt was only short-lived. From Abu Dhabi to Medina, the Arab peninsula is now solidly under the control of the Arabs of the hinterland. As conflict continues to rage in other parts of the Ottoman territories, we have little choice but to recognise this victory and abandon all hope of a Hashemite peninsula.
We recognise the victor.
Egypt Recognises our Territory
Despite holding out hope for a different turn of events, the Egyptian government has recognised our conquest of the Holy Cities and has extended us the offer to rejoin their military alliance. Whilst many of the Pan-Arabic voices in our court are happy to accept this, the less naive men recognise that further loss of life won't net us more influence in the new Middle East and that it may be wiser to shift our attention elsewhere.
Accept their offer.
We don't need allies!
Arabia Abandons the Cause
Seeing no further need for conflict now that their territorial claims have been fulfilled, the Arabs of the peninsula have refused to rejoin the Cairo Pact.
Most unfortunate.
Mecca Holds Strong
Despite the odds, it seems that the Hashemite bastion has held on and can now be seen as the victor in the skirmish. With that, it is now almost entirely certain that the Hashemite forces won't budge, and the time has come to formally demand the inland Arab stand down.
We don't need further distractions!
Egypt Demands an End to Hostilities
Our failed offensive in the Hejaz has now sparked the attention of the Egyptian government. Demanding that we immediately stand down and threatening with full military support for the Hashemites, it seems we have no choice but to comply.
We fight till the end!
We must fall back!
Unruly Urban Nobility
Contrary to the less developed interior, the great cities of Hejaz are home to a strong and well established urban elite who participate in the world economy. These individuals, often former members of the Ottoman bureaucracy, army and institutions, have opinions of their own and have grown accustomed to the ideas of democracy and republicanism which were widespread in the former Ottoman state.
Guardians of the Hajj
Home to the Holy Cities of Mecca and Medina, it is the sworn duty of our Sharif to protect and guide the faithful on their pilgrimage, or Hajj, to the Hejaz. Accompanying this duty however there are also significant benefits as our economy flourishes due to its connection to the Hajj. Shipping, caravan and motor companies have set up shops in the port city of Jeddah whilst a pilgrim tax is raised on every Muslim coming to visit our sacred places.
Engrained Ottoman Civil Service
Even though we may have been opposed to the Turkish nature of their regime, we can not deny that the Ottoman Turks have left in their wake a fully functional and extensive bureaucratic machine, unrivalled elsewhere on the peninsula. As we merely took over their system during the war for independence, many of the high level functions are still held by Turks whilst almost the entire administration of the former vilayet retains the Turkish language for communication and registration.
The Majilis al Wukala
Unrecognised Caliph
The Ministry of Religious Affairs
The Directorate of Motor Transport
Unification Fevour
The Directorate of Military Affairs
Sharifian School for Naval Sciences
Commission for Weapons Acquisition
Hejazi [ROOT.GetRoyalOrRepublicanCap] Guard
Al Jeish Al Arabi
The Arab Legacy
Nationalised Railways
Hejaz Focus Tree
Found the Majilis al Wukala
With our rule over Hejaz and the Holy Cities secure it is time to form a proper government in the form of the Majilis al Wukala or Council of Ministers. Once orderly rule has been established the King can begin to exert power through his ministers and start up greater reforms to cement our rule.
Incorporate Family Networks
Familial ties often create the best allies and by embedding blood ties deep into the web of governance and the bureaucracy, dissent in the civic life against the King can be safely neutered.
Arabicise the Ottoman Civil Service
Unfortunately our young government has been forced to make use of the original Ottoman civil service in the region and these administrators' loyalties are tenuous at best. Measures must be taken to create a more loyal and purely Arab civil service.
Found the General Directorate for Police
Unless we are to allow anarchy to stalk Hejaz, a more centralised and special security board must be created so as to better manage and coordinate the enforcement of laws in the Holy Cities and beyond.
Ban Secret Societies
Secret societies are breeding grounds for dissent against the King and serve only to subvert moral and civil governance. A ban is necessary to force them into the open and promulgate a more thorough crackdown.
Establish a State Directed Curriculum
Currently education in Hejaz is either non-existent or inconsistent. It is a necessity for the state to create a consistent and centralised curriculum to expand education and fight illiteracy in the Kingdom.
Found the Ministry of Religious Affairs
Hejaz is the home to the Holy Cities and it is essential to be a moral Kingdom. The Ministry of Religious Affairs shall regulate the maintenance of mosques, the Hajj pilgrimage and promote good practice of Islam.
Appoint the Shayk al-Islām
The Shayk al-Islām is Islam's foremost legal authority and theoretically presides over the whole judicial and theological hierarchy of Islam. By our virtue of controlling the Holy Cities, the responsibility of appointment falls to us.
Claim the Mantle of the Caliphate
Now with the House of Osman shattered, as the stewards of the Holy Cities and the appointers of the Shayk al-Islām, it is time to claim the mantle of the Caliphate of all Muslims and lead the Ummah.
Establish the Mudiriya
As the Kingdom grows, it is time to establish the Mudiriya or General Directorate of Finance. Foreign experts shall be invited to assist in overseeing the organisation of financial measures and the Kingdom's fiscal policy.
Instate the Hajj Tax
As has the Stewards of the Holy Cities, we are the Guardians of the Hajj pilgrimage and so are able to charge the Hajj tax. Surely all faithful will have no qualms with lining the coffers of the custodians of the Cities.
Found the Meccan Urban Planning Commission
The city of Mecca is the most notable and holiest city in Islam and so planning and development must be done with the utmost care. By establishing an urban planning commission, the city shall be preserved and development can be promoted without impeding on the holy sites.
Pacify the Hejazi Bedouin
The Bedouin tribes are still opposed to our rule and are a thorn in the side of the kingdom. Pacification of these unruly elements is a necessity if we are to ensure the continued stability of the Hejaz.
The Directorate of Motor Transport
Motor vehicles are a new Western innovation and are becoming more prevalent in Hejaz, especially among Hajj pilgrims. Simply put, travel via motor car or bus is more comfortable than camel and would allow a greater proportion of pilgrims to undertake the Hajj journey.
Cooperate with Foreign Airlines
As we enter a brave new world of transport innovations, airplanes; once a novelty and weapon of war, have become progressively more used for civilian transport. By working with foreign airlines, the Hajj can become even more accessible for Muslims the world over.
Re-open Foreign Consulates
Now that Hejaz is beginning to re-exert itself on the world stage we must begin to reestablish a diplomatic presence abroad and improve our relations with foreign countries, especially if we are to solidify ourselves as the rightful custodians of the Holy Cities.
Found the Directorate of Gifts and Donations
As Hajj pilgrims begin to pour into Mecca, a special Directorate must be established to regulate the proceeds of gifts and donations to the state so that they be reinvested in local infrastructure as well as the redistribution of offerings among the Bedouin tribes.
State Visits to the Faithful
Hejaz must solidify itself as the rightful rulers of the Holy Cities and the preeminent leaders of the faith. To do this, the King shall make state visits and improve the relations with those who are faithful and loyal to Hajj stewardship of the Cities.
Pursue Arab Unification
Now that we have attained extensive foreign recognition, Hejaz may pursue its dreams of unifying the Arabs under the rightful rule of the Caliph of Islam and stewards of the Holy Cities.
Incorporate the Arab Gulf
The Arab Gulf has now fallen under our control, and we will need to integrate it properly into our administration if we are to govern it effectively and gain the acceptance of our new subjects.
Incorporate Central Arabia
Central Arabia has now fallen under our control, though we will need to be properly integrated into our administration if we are to govern it properly and for our new subjects to accept our rule.
Incorporate Asir
Asir has now fallen under our control, though we will need to be properly integrated into our administration if we are to govern it properly and for our new subjects to accept our rule..
Nationalise the Hejaz Railway Corporation
The Hejaz Railway Corporation continues to operate in the territories of the Kingdom, yet it would function more efficiently if it were brought directly under the control of the government.
Found the Arabian Transport Company
Logistics in Hejaz is woefully lacking and uncoordinated. By establishing the ATC, economic development in the Kingdom will be accelerated and all logistics shall grow more centralised and coherent.
The General Syndicate for Automobiles
The King has taken it upon himself to ensure the convenience of pilgrims and provide them with all that could help them overcome difficulties on their way to performing Hajj and Umrah. The new general syndicate will allow Hejaz subjects to rent their cars to pilgrims and dovetail motor transportation throughout the kingdom.
Encourage Domestic Manufacturing
Hejaz lacks much industry, though with targeted subsidies, investment, and encouragement from the government, we can begin to grow our industry and improve the local economy.
The Directorate for Mining and Shipping
Hejaz is home to small and thriving mining ventures but getting the products of these ventures has proven costly and nearly impossible. By establishing a centralised Directorate on the matter of mining and shipping the goods to international markets our output will be able to benefit us greatly.
Re-open Mahd ahd Dhahab
Mahd ahd Dhahab is one of the more notable mining ventures in Arabia and sees a steady output of gold. By reopening the mine we can further line the state coffers and boost the growth of our wealth.
Expand Jeddah Shipping
Jeddah is the most notable coastal city in Hejaz and the home of a minor but flourishing shipping industry. By expanding this business venture, the Hejazi exports will be able to expand into new markets.
The Directorate for Military Affairs
Unfortunately Hejaz is not particularly capable in military matters and will require further investment. The Directorate for Military Affairs shall seek to rectify this problem and develop the Hejazi army.
Inaugurate the Jeddah Coast Guard
The coast of Hejaz is lawless and undefended; the Military Directorate has seen it fit to establish and inaugurate a proper coast guard so as to defend our shores from dangers and coastal interlopers.
The Sharifian School of Naval Sciences
Naval technology has advanced greatly in recent decades though unfortunately Hejaz has fallen behind on these developments. The King himself has seen it fit to personally sponsor a special college in Jeddah to educate naval cadets into these new developments.
Dockyards of Jeddah
The dockyards of Jeddah are bustling with trade and ships from across the world. Money pours in every day and it is only natural we reinvest these profits to create newer and better dockyards for our thriving industry.
The Commission for Weapons Acquisition
Hejaz lacks a native arms industry and arming our soldiers is proving difficult as surplus supplies run low. The Military Directorate proposes the creation of a special commission to purchase and procure foreign weapon contracts.
MAS Rifle Contract
MAS is a French weapons company that still survives despite syndicalism in the French mainland and they are more than eager to supply us with weapons. We should capitalise on this deal and create a mutually beneficial relationship.
Cooperate with OPEL
OPEL is a German automobile maker and has shown an interest in supplying the Kingdom's military with trucks and armoured cars to help buy our military forces. While it may be somewhat expensive, these modern military marvels will be worth every penny.
Create the Jeddah Munitions Factory
Jeddah is quickly becoming home to a thriving local industry and it is only natural to create an extensive weapons development complex. Hejaz will be able to design and develop its own weapons and properly supply the domestic military forces.
Disband Tribal Militia
Now that Hejaz has thrown off the Ottoman yoke, we must transition to being a proper state and create a professional military. This will involve finally disbanding the tribal militias that helped us assert our independence.
Create Al Jeish Al Arabi
The Al Jeish Al Arabi, or Arab Legion, shall be the centre of a new centralised and professional military force for the Kingdom and has to be drilled to a fault.
Decentralised Army Command
If the overthrowal of the Turks has taught us anything it is that a decentralised force is optimal in fighting our enemies. Rigid hierarchies will serve the military no benefit over locally coordinated troops.
Regulate Conscription
Conscription is a modern necessity for Hejaz and service must be made compulsory if we are to create a professional and standard army. Obviously this will need to be regulated and properly enforced.
Arabian Horsemanship
The armies of Arabia are renowned for their horsemanship and the use of cavalry is a blessing in the harsh deserts. Tapping into this practice and skill will be a boon for our army.
Incorporate Ottoman Officers
Many officers of the Ottoman army remain in Hejaz territory, prepared to be integrated into our armed forces. Their technical expertise will be a great addition to our budding forces.
Found the Hejazi Camel Corps
Camels are the lifeblood of Arabian society and the Ottomans made great use of them in the past. We should copy this and create our own Hejazi Camel Corps to better facilitate desert operations.
Expand the [ROOT.GetRoyalOrRepublicanCap] Guard
The [ROOT.GetRoyalOrRepublicanCap] Guard of Hejaz is one of the most prestigious divisions amidst our military forces. As new threats and dissent arise in the [ROOT.GetKingdomOrRepublic], we should seek to expand the guard and the forces as a whole.
Standardised Firearms
The Hejazi military forces lack any form of standardisation, using everywhere from British, French, Ottoman and even domestically made mystery weapons in combat. Due to the abundance of designs it makes supplying said forces a nightmare. Standardisation of firearms will be a great improvement.
Found the Hejazi Flying Corps
As the Hejazi military forces grow and improve, it is time to take our military might to the skies and vanquish our enemies from above!
The Hawker Fury Deal
Hawker is a British company, now in exile, though they are still keen to sell us a few planes, and this would prove useful in beginning our small flying forces.
Establish Ta'if Airbase
Ta'if is a small city located near Mecca and could be instrumental in air defences. By building our first airbase there, the Holy Cities shall be safe from dangers in the sky.
Found the Medina Air Academy
Hejaz currently lacks a specialised military school for air fighting and so establishing an academy in Medina will help train a new generation of flying cadets.
Abdullah ibn al-Hussein
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 2nd, 1882, in Mecca, Vilayet of the Hejaz, Ottoman Empire§!
Zeid ibn Hussein al-Hashmid
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 28th, 1898, in Kostantiniye, Vilayet of Kostantiniye, Ottoman Empire§!
Abdul Qadir Pasha el-Jundi
§YBorn:§! §L1896, in Tripoli-of-the-West, Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Ghazi ibn Faisal al-Hashmid
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 21st, 1912, in Mecca, Vilayet of the Hejaz, Ottoman Empire§!
