Mexico Focus Tree
Mexico
Mexican
the United Mexican States
PNR
Partido Nacional Revolucionario (National Revolutionary Party)
PMT
Partido Mexicano de los Trabajadores (Mexican Workers' Party)
PNA
Partido Nacional Agrarista (National Agrarian Party)
PLM
Partido Laborista Mexicano (Mexican Laborist Party)
PDM
Partido Demócrata Mexicano (Mexican Democratic Party)
PL
Partido Liberal (Liberal Party)
PAN
Partido Acción Nacional (National Action Party)
PNM
Partido Nacionalista Mexicano (Mexican Nationalist Party)
Junta Militar
Junta Militar (Military Junta)
UNS
Unión Nacional Sinarquista (National Synarchist Union)
Altos Hornos de México
Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México
PEMEX
Mendoza
Ford de Mexico
DINA
TNCA
Talleres Navales del Golfo
Nueva Política Económica
Economic Legacy of the Revolution
The Mexican Revolution devastated the economy of Mexico. Since the end of the Revolution we have been able to slowly climb out of that depression hole but we still have a ways to go before the economy can truly recover.
Military Legacy of the Revolution
Mexico's military has been transformed by the Mexican Revolution. Much of the army's military structure is still the same as it was during the Revolution, most notably the Constitutional Army and the Liberation Army of the South. Because of that legacy the Military is torn in two directions. The officers who served in the Constitutional Army wish to make sure that the Mexican Army is a professional army, similar to those of Europe, while the officers that served in the Liberation Army of the South believe that a focus on a guerrilla warfare is the path Mexico should take.
Night Warfare
Soldaderas
Guerrilla Army
Professional Army
Naval Glory
Battleship Optimisation Programme
Domination Of The Sea By The Air
Defending Our Coasts
Escort Training
Death From Below
$MEX_civil_war_decisions$
Loyal Military
Dirección Federal de Seguridad
Ley Federal de Trabajo
Empowered Federalism
Modernist Culture
Empowered Peasants
Social Welfare
New Schools
Agrarian Economy
Native Land Reform
Worker's Rights
Reclaiming Mexican Resources
Restructured Education
Anti-Clerical Laws
State Atheism
Establishing the Maximato
The Maximato Established
Implementing the Toledano Reforms
Success of the Toledano Reforms
Socialist Warlordism
Bread and Roses
Improved Native Rights
Garza's Junta
Unions Banned
Purging Leftists
Loyal Military
Great Ranches
Laissez-Faire Economy
Limited Civil Liberties
Military Support
Liga Nacional Defensora de la Libertad Religiosa
Church Support
Restoring Mexican 'Democracy'
Mexican 'Democracy' Restored
To Restore Mexican Glory
Promoting Hispanidad
State Corporatism
Synarchist Military Reforms
Acción Revolucionaria Mexicanista
Promoting Sinarquismo
Cementing Sinarquismo
Strikes Outlawed
Reconquista Complete
§R[MEX_rebel_type]§! strength will be §Greduced by§! $RIGHT|G0$.
§R[MEX_rebel_type]§! strength will be §Rincreased by§! $RIGHT|R0$.
Attack and defence bonus against §Hall American Civil War Contenders§!: [?0.1|+=%1]
Claimed Centroamérica
Mexico has Nationalised the Oil Industry
The Junta has restored democracy
Junta holds onto power
We have formed an alliance with the Goldshirts.
Cristero
Cristeros
Campesino
Campesinos
Central American Intervention
Mexico has quite a number of interests within Central America. We should look into intervening in the region to secure them.
Supply Our [FROM.GetAdjective] Allies
Bring the Revolution to Central America
Retake the Yucatán
Rebels and traitors have taken control in the Yucatán, they must be destroyed.
Claim Central America
Mexican Reconquista
Reverse the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo
Declare the Return to pre-1848 Borders
Join the Internationale
We should join the Internationale and take our place in the global struggle for socialism.
Join the Entente
We share strategic interests with the Entente. Joining their military alliance could be a great benefit to our nation.
Intervene in the Civil War
Our allies in the American Civil War are losing ground. If we do not act soon, we could be facing a unified and hostile American state on our border. Now is the time to intervene—let us immediately contact our [WCA.GetAdjective] allies and announce our entry in the conflict.
Economic Decisions
Nationalise the Oil Industry
We should nationalise the oil, doing so shall allow us to control the oil industry and use that profit for the betterment of Mexico and her citizens.
[MEX_rebel_type] War
Terrorist rebels are waging a war against the Government as a response to our laws. They must be put down as quickly as possible in order to bring peace and prosperity back to Mexico.\n\n§R[MEX_rebel_type]§! strength: §Y[?MEX.MEX_rebel_strength_var]§!
Restore Order to [FROM.GetName]
[MEX_rebel_type] Raid
Imminent Rebel Offensive
§R[MEX_rebel_type]§! rebels will strike against the government, possibly escalating into a battle.
Establish the Maximato
Plutarco Elías Calles has managed to become President, with the support of the CROM. He firmly believes that the way forward for Mexico is a set of reforms to turn the country into a true revolutionary state, which he has dubbed 'El Maximato'.
Nueva Política Económica
Mexico's economic policies have changed very little in the last decade. We shall not stand for it any longer! Calles has decided to take our economy to new revolutionary heights.
People's Factories
We've had a mixed economy in our country since the Revolution, allowing private ownership of factories but enforcing several regulation and workers' rights to industrialists. However, Calles sees this as a betrayal of revolutionary ideals, and has ordered a collectivisation process for the industry, in order to allow the people to truly own the fruits of their labour.
People's Mines
Like it our industry, our mines are also mostly in the hands of private investors. These foreign capitalists shall profit from the exploitation of our workers no further, as we shall collectivise the mining operations in our country.
Control the Ejidos
The Ejidos are, by definition, already a collectivised system of agricultural management, and we're very pleased with that. However, these Ejidos work independently, with goals that tend to differ from the good of all Mexicans. We shall bring all Ejidos of Mexico under our control in order to coordinate their activities with the greater good of Mexico in mind.
Support CROM
The 'Confederación Regional Obrera Mexicana' has been an ally of Calles for a long time. We shall reward their loyalty by granting them official state support in order to help them win their fight against the CGT. Since the CGT stands with our enemies, we only stand to gain from this.
Enforce Article 27
Article 27 of the Mexican Constitution states that the land and waters included within the national borders are the property of the Nation and, as such, the Nation has the right to impose dictates on private owners in order to defend Public Interests. With this justification, we shall finally nationalise oil fields in Mexico from foreign oppressors.
Calles Laws
Officially, the 'Ley Calles' will now be in effect with the goal of controlling and limiting Catholic worship in Mexico, as well as limiting their influence. The law shall reduce the number of priests to one for each six thousand inhabitants, add the need for a state licence in order to serve as priest, and add the need to register into a local office where the preaching will take place.
Socialist Education
Mexico still has the old school system from before the Revolution, with very few slight tweaks. This is not what Calles has envisioned for Mexico, and he has ordered us to begin a major restructuring of our education system.
State Atheism
Mexico shall not stand for the reactionary religious clergy any longer! We shall revoke civil liberties from the clergy, including the right to trial by jury, outlaw certain religious orders that do not align with our views, and deprive them of property rights, with the goal of creating a true atheist state.
Strengthen the Presidency
The Presidency in Mexico is not much different from Presidencies in other democracies. This was an advantage in order to manage meagre coalitions and pesky compromises. However, Calles is a reformist and needs all the authority he can get in order to get his reforms going. To that end, he has proposed a reform that allows the President to have their executive powers extended.
Loyal Military
The reason for our success during the Revolution was the disloyalty of military elements that switched sides to our cause. Though an asset in the past, betrayal from the army may prove a real threat to our stability, so we shall reward loyalty to our government in the military and punish dissenting officers, with demotions if necessary.
Dirección Federal de Seguridad
While we now enjoy the newfound loyalty of our armed forces, we need to create something to keep the civilian population and the military in check, just in case they change their minds and decide to overthrow us. To that end, we shall create a paramilitary force, the 'Dirección Federal de Seguridad', under the direct command of our President.
Lead the PNR
The 'Partido Nacional Revolucionario' is the party which currently supports Calles. However, Calles doesn't lead the PNR, and that has led to some heated arguments between him and other influential figures within the party. To solve this, we shall make Calles leader of the party; after all, he's already the Head of State, there's no reason why he shouldn't be the head of the party that rules with him.
Political Officers
Now that our takeover is complete, we need to secure the loyalty of the army. Even if troops and officers assure us of their loyalty, we need a body to keep them in check in case they change their minds when we let our guard down...
Control Congress
The Congress in our country was meant to secure representation for our citizens. However, factionalism and petty squabbles have hindered reforms due to an incapable congress. We shall take control of the Congress in order to help them 'solve' their differences and be able to pass our reforms without any further problems.
Cult of Personality
Calles has managed to consolidate his position and has become the undisputed leader of Mexico. His role in reforming Mexico into a better place cannot be debated either. We shall reward his wisdom and commitment to the greater Mexican good by instating a massive propaganda campaign to uphold his image.
Purge Reactionary Thought
Our country has had its progress delayed due to the traditionalist and reactionary culture of its people. Now that we have succeeded in transforming Mexico into a more modern and collectivist society, we now should focus on shaping the culture of future generations, so that these reactionary thoughts don't disrupt future progress.
La Dictadura Perfecta
Calles has achieved what once seemed impossible: A dictatorship that's not only tolerated by the people, but even beloved by the common man. Calles is slowly but surely turning into a national figure that will inevitably be written down in the history books as a revolutionary champion.
Revolutionary Democracy Survives
Despite the recent events, our democracy has survived the storm! The time has come for us to choose who shall lead our nation, for better or worse, for the next five years. And the winner is...
Stable Democracy
Our government is proud to announce the end of their reforms! With both brain and brawn, we have managed to stabilise our society and avoid letting the more reactionary parts of our society take over the government. ¡Viva México!
Partido Mexicano de los Trabajadores
The 'Mexican Workers' Party' has won the elections, with Vicente Toledano being chosen as the nation's President. His promised progressive and industrialist reforms have won over the populace! Now, it's time for us to get to work on keeping such promises.
Ley Federal de Trabajo
Currently, Mexico has rather old laws regarding work and working conditions. We shall enact a 'Federal Work Law' which specifies the individual's rights in the workplace, the labour conditions that can be put forward by companies to their employees, and the role of the state as a mediator in case these regulations are not fulfilled.
Urbanisation Programme
The economic growth that our nation has experienced in the last few years has focused a lot of its economic activity in the cities, which has in turn increased their population, to the point they are no longer able to house their populations while upholding social benefits, welfare, and services. We shall begin a programme of urbanisation with the benefit of our citizens in mind, and hopefully improve their quality of life.
Infrastructure Act
Mexico has very rough terrain, which has made private efforts to improve the national infrastructure unprofitable for their interests. With this in mind, we have to enact an infrastructure act with the goal of improving logistics within our country; after all, no one's going to do it for us.
Federalism
Mexico has, for some time now, been a federal nation, with many states. However, most of them used to be submitted to a central power which directed them all, leading to a very inefficient bureaucracy. We shall take steps to secure the federal system and empower each individual state.
Strengthen Teacher Unions
Teachers' Unions have been fighting for better budgets for education since 1919. Considering the changes in administration we have gone through since then, it would be fair if we fulfilled their demands and granted them further funding.
Empower Unions
The Unions in our country still struggle to defend the rights of workers on a national level. We shall expand their rights and responsibilities while also granting them greater autonomy, with the goal of facilitating their fight for the workers.
Industrial Democracy
Mexican society has revolved for many years around agricultural development and rural output. However, if we truly want to enter the modern age and apply the innovations our European brothers have made for socialism, we have to begin a transition towards an industrialised society.
Agricultural Unions
Now that our reforms are in full swing, we should take advantage of our momentum and create an Agricultural Union, the 'Confederación Nacional Campesina' or 'CNC', so that even the rights of farmers are secured in our country.
Empower the CGT
The 'Confederación General de Trabajadores' has stood by Toledano and the 'Partido Mexicano de los Trabajadores' for a long time. We shall reward their loyalty by granting them official state support in order to help them win their fight against the CROM. Since the CROM stood with Calles and the Totalists, we only stand to gain from their victory.
Modernist Culture
In order for Mexico to embrace progress, it has to leave the once traditional roots it once had, and for that, we need people to embrace new ideas. We shall try to bring Modernist culture into Mexico, with the goal of achieving, one day, more progressive traditions.
Mexican Syndicalism
While Syndicalism seems like a well-rounded system, it was designed in theory with Western European countries in mind, and it falls short in practice in certain aspects when considering countries outside that continent. However, we've found those flaws in the theory and we shall correct them in practice, creating our own version of Syndicalism.
Partido Nacional Agrarista
The 'National Agrarian Party' has won the elections, with the legendary figure of José Doroteo Arango Arámbula, better known as Francisco 'Pancho' Villa, as its head. In his presidential speech, he claimed 'I, Pancho Villa, was a loyal man that destiny brought the world to fight for the good of the poor and that I will never betray nor forget my duty'. Now, it's our turn to make this oath a reality.
Continue Land Reform
Land Reform has been going on in full strength since Zapata was elected in 1932. Nevertheless, there is still a long way to go, and as such, we shall continue his efforts. As Zapata said, 'The earth shall be returned to those who work it with their own hands'.
Native Land Reform
Natives were not necessarily included in the land reform efforts. We shall correct this technicality so that everyone in Mexico shall have a decent life!
Support the CGT
While the 'Confederación General de Trabajadores' stood mostly with the PMT, there are still plenty of supporters of our party in their ranks, and we trust them more than we trust the CROM, which has stood with Calles and his Totalists. Supporting them is the obvious choice, and so we will.
Agrarian Economy
Mexico, for a long time, has been a rural country. Straying from this old tradition might be risky, so we plan to stick to what has worked for us in the past and keep our agrarian economy, which has made us strong for many years.
Rural Education
Villa once claimed, 'No one can do well that he does not know; therefore, there can never be a Republic with ignorant people, with whatever plan you might adopt'. Now that he's President, he has taken matters into his own hands and has proposed an ambitious funding plan for rural schooling. We shall support his proposition, to which he has also added, 'I'd first pay a teacher than a general'.
Empower Ejidos
The Ejidos in Mexico have always been a revolutionary system and not only do we stand by them, we shall encourage their activities and expand their rights and responsibilities, along with some extra funding for their activities.
Agricultural Modernisation
While we have fully embraced being an agricultural nation, that doesn't mean we shall become technologically backwards. Many of our rural workers still have to work their fields with old equipment that just makes the task slower and harder. We shall help them by beginning a national programme to grant them modernised equipment in order to make their jobs, and by extension, their lives easier.
Feed the People
The Mexican nation is not the richest in the world, and as such, many of our citizens suffer food shortages in several rural towns. Villa will not forget his duty to these poor peasants and workers, and he shall begin a national programme with the goal of providing everyone with basic food supplies, so that they never have to face hunger ever again.
Agrarian Socialism
Socialism, since its inception, has been a movement of the workers and the working class, which considered peasants as allies but not as equals. The Mexican democracy proves that peasants can be as revolutionary as workers, and as such, we shall stand as a beacon of a new kind of socialism for our European brothers to see.
Empower the Peasants
Peasants have been the most oppressed class in Mexico since its inception, and now that their hero is in power, he shall now grant them a series of benefits and rights to improve their livelihood, as well as a better representation within the government.
Tierra y Libertad
The phrase 'Land and Freedom' was originally said by the Mexican anarchist Ricardo Flores Magón, and then adopted by Emiliano Zapata. While Zapata may no longer be in power, we shall uphold the ideals this phrase represents by guaranteeing our citizens both arable land to work and freedom to live as they see fit.
Partido Laborista Mexicano
The 'Mexican Laborist Party' has come out on top during the elections with Pascual Ortiz Rubio at the helm. Their promises of returning to De la Huerta and Obregón's moderate reforms have won over the populace. Now it shall be our turn to lead Mexico to a better future.
Improve Workers' Rights
We shall begin a series of reforms in order to improve rights of the working class and, as a consequence, improve the livelihood of our workers in the country.
Improve Native Rights
Natives in our country have not been treated with the utmost dignity ever since Mexico came to be a nation. We shall correct this mistake by improving their rights and granting greater autonomy to their communities, and allowing them to learn their native language in formal schools.
Education Funding
Mexico's education budget has always been a secondary concern when it came to national issues. However, now that we're in power, we see the need to increase funding in order to achieve a better Mexico.
Moderate Land Reform
While many were happy with Zapata's land reform, he expropriated lands from even the most upstanding small landowners. We do not consider this a just move, yet we consider a land reform necessary. So, we shall continue the land reform efforts but assure certain landowners the rights of keeping some of the land they now possess if they live and work there.
Union Support
Without the Union's support, most of our reforms would just be symbolical. We shall try to win over a bigger pool of supporters in both the CGT and the CROM, hopefully allowing us to further our reforms with their joint support.
Industrialisation
Mexico has been an agricultural nation for years, and as such, we lag behind many other countries in the world in terms of prosperity. We shall begin an industrialisation programme, hopefully increasing our economic prosperity and allowing our country to grow to new heights.
Promote Trade
Ever since mankind's inception, prosperity and development have always been focused around trade and trade routes. Recognising this basic fact, we have decided to encourage Mexican trade both inwards and outwards, with progress and prosperity in mind.
New Schools
We have increased our education budget, but throwing money at the illiteracy problem is not going to solve it. Many rural towns in our country have the teachers but are forced to study in great houses or in the open. We stand to improve this as we shall begin funding the construction of new schools throughout Mexico.
Mexican Socialism
Mexican society is complex. There are plenty of both conservative and progressive towns and citizens that, while wishing to help one another, fear each other. As such, we don't have the conventional 'class struggle' that the socialists in Europe have. Provided this, we shall strive to create our own version of socialism, one that can adapt to the realities that Mexican society faces.
Strengthen Congress
Presidents did most of the job lately, but if we truly want to be a modern democratic nation, then we should strive to create a truly representative congress that can provide the changes that the people ask for. We shall empower the congress to do just that so we can truly embrace the democratic concept in which our nation was born.
Pan y Rosas
'Bread and Roses' shall be our motto, since we shall strive to both provide our people with fair rights and living conditions as well as truly granting them the freedom to live as they see fit.
Military Coup
Following the wake of Zapata's death, many factions have begun a struggle for power. Shootouts in the street, assassinations, and the disruption of social cohesion have become a major issue in Mexico. In order to safeguard the nation and its citizens, the Mexican military has decided to coup the government in order to restore stability.
Military Junta
A military junta shall be set up in order to lead the country back on track. Many in our country disagree with our rule, but with our alliance with the 'Partido Nacionalista Mexicano', we shall stand tall and weather the coming storm.
Privatisation
The state owns a huge amount of influence in the economy, owning factories and farmlands that are not always profitable, which has led Mexico to have a major budget deficit. We shall begin a privatisation programme in order to get rid of such properties that only tie our budget down, in order to make further economic reforms.
Encourage Foreign Investments
Mexico is a huge country, with vast opportunities for new businesses to set up and grow to be strong companies. We shall begin a series of tax breaks in order to attract foreign companies to set up local branches in Mexico.
Free Market
A free market economy is needed if we want to bring economic prosperity to Mexico! We shall cut down the tariffs the old regimes imposed on our country, and with that, we can hopefully allow small businesses to grow and benefit our country.
Encourage Economic Development
Previous governments were way too focused on workers' rights and forgot that without businesses, there can be no workers. We have to encourage new businesses to be set up in Mexico, as well as trying to attract old ones who left after the revolution in order to improve our economic growth.
Junta Holds On
Despite pressure from the left-leaning parasites in our society, we have managed to hold on and consolidate our power, and we shall begin a series of reforms in order to please our supporters.
Ban Unions
The unions are currently the last vestige of power the old revolutionaries have on our society, and as such, are a threat to the very existence of our government. We shall ban the unions and crack down on their activities in order to consolidate our power.
Rewrite History
Our history books show the old Porfiriato as an evil regime that oppressed the citizens of Mexico with the autocratic lead of Porfirio Díaz. Such distortion of history cannot be accepted, and we shall begin a revisionist effort in order to include the good side of the Porfiriato in the new history books so that future generations appreciate how Mexico used to be.
Traditional Values
Our supporters come from the disillusioned citizens who were forced to accept progressive reforms that directly attacked Mexican culture. We shall reward their loyalty to us by encouraging traditional values to be included into our administration and law system.
End Anti-Catholic Laws
After the revolution, the Catholic Church was sidelined by the secular and atheist revolutionaries, despite being one of the strongest entities in Mexico. We are bound to gain Catholic support if we repeal this law and allow the Church to have the same influence it used to have, and so we shall do.
Great Ranches
The 'Grandes Ranchos' of Mexico are a series of landowners who are proprietors of large swaths of land where they either grow crops or herd cattle. They are a really strong force within our country, and considering Zapata's efforts to reduce their influence in recent years, they'd be willing to support a government that leaves them to their devices, and so it should be easy for us to sway them to our side.
Military Youth
Many disillusioned young men have seen fit to rebel against the government in the past, that's why the revolution was so popular among the younger generations. Keeping that in mind, we have decided to give a new meaning of life to these men by allowing the creation of Military Youth Camps sponsored by the government, where they shall be taught the values of civic responsibility.
Purge Leftists
With the Revolution, the army began to be tainted by left-leaning officers whose influence might now threaten our rule. We shall begin a large-scale purge of these individuals from the army in order to guarantee that we're not stabbed in the back by our own men.
Zealous Military
After the purge, we are now left with an army of hardened and patriotic officers and soldiers, willing to do what needs to be done in order to secure a better future for our country. ¡Viva México!
La Patria es Primero
During the struggle for independence, the Viceroy Juan Ruiz de Apodaca then sent Vicente Guerrero's father to offer him indulgence in exchange of his surrender. Despite the affection he felt for his father, he refused the offer, and then he made a speech to his troops which ended with 'Our homeland comes first!'. His spirit inspires us to this day, and as such we shall adopt his words as our motto.
Restore Democracy
The 'Partido Nacionalista Mexicano' grows restless under our rule and has demanded that we restore democracy to our country. We have decided to do so, just imposing some small restrictions on far-left political parties.
Limited Liberties
Now that we have promised to restore democracy, we can also begin restoring certain liberties we revoked when we took over. While not all civil liberties shall be granted, since we are still dealing with socialist resistance, we can restore a few and appease the general public.
Election Monitoring
With the new elections coming up, we can't allow the socialists that once almost led our country to collapse to return to power. We shall monitor the elections closely, and if any suspicious individual or organisation appears, we shall ban them from the elections. We shall not take any chances...
New Constitution
The old Mexican Constitution no longer serves our government, and it has plenty of articles that are no longer valid. We shall create a new constitution in order to correct the old one and add several more articles that shall protect the Mexican democracy from extremist groups now and forever.
Education Programmes
Mexico is a country with high illiteracy rates and that has strengthened socialist movements that have promised to help the people become educated. We shall weaken their influence by instituting education programmes in a national scale. It was a logical move anyway, since we need an educated populace on order to improve our country and our society.
Support the Church
The Church was sidelined during the progressive governments following the Revolution and, as such, has been forced to endure a severe restriction of its influence in our traditionally conservative society. While we support a secular state, we cannot enforce the anti-clerical laws of past progressive governments, and we should begin supporting their activities to sway them to our side.
The Revolution's Legacy
The Revolution has become a sensitive topic for most Mexicans. While most agree that it was a necessary step forward, we now see that it may have also caused deeper issues in our society. We cannot fix everything, but we shall do our best to make amends with the past and ensure that something like that never happens again.
Military Support
The military is content with staying on the sidelines as long as we prove to them that we want the best for Mexico and its people. Their commitment to our country and its people is unquestionable, and as such, we believe their support is a vital factor in keeping Mexico a democratic nation, so we shall do our best to suit their requests in order to gain their support.
Liga Nacional Defensora de la Libertad Religiosa
The anti-clerical laws the government have tried to push into the past have made our faithful Catholics quite distrustful of the government, leading to the formation of the 'National League for the Defence of Religious Freedoms'. This organisation demands teaching freedom and common rights for Catholics, Catholic workers, and the Catholic Church. In order to gain their support, we shall grant them just that.
Equidad en la Justicia
'God and your confidence constitute my strength; the independence pavilion is my symbol; my currency you already know it: 'Equity in Justice'; I shall remain loyal to you all my life.'
Synarchist Coup
Seeing the weakness of the military junta, the Unión Nacional Sinarquista and their paramilitary arm, known as the Gold Shirts, have worked with elements within the army to seize the apparatus of the state and declare a new Mexico.
Establish Corporatism
The only way forward for our country is to set up a corporatist lobby where we shall 'guide' our loyal local elite towards establishing new businesses that are necessary for our country's progress.
Capitalist Alliance
The capitalists in our country have been handicapped by the revolutionary governments, and as such, they will support anyone who might represent their interests. We shall take advantage of them and secure an alliance to consolidate our power.
Outlaw Strikes
As part of our alliance with the capitalists, we have to ensure that their industries run like a well-oiled machine, yet the workers' rights that have been enacted in recent years hinder our efforts. We shall outright ban strikes so that these factories may run as they see fit with no resistance from pesky socialists.
Control Unions
In order to help stabilise Mexico, as well as suit the needs of the economy and state, we shall begin to assert control over the unions in Mexico. We shall make sure that the various union bosses and leaders work hand in hand with our needs. These Charros shall serve us well.
Protect Our Industry
Mexican industry is mostly in its infancy and cannot yet withstand foreign commerce. We shall begin enacting tariffs on foreign products and materials in order to safeguard the industry from foreign aliens who merely seek to derail us from our road to greatness.
Nationalise Industry
Now that we're in power, we should focus on strengthening the Mexican state's coffers, and an obvious choice for this would be to nationalise certain industries so we can take over their profits.
Supremo Poder Ejecutivo
In the past, the country had its power decentralised, trying pointlessly to avoid autocracy. This has caused all the chaos in the past, and since we don't agree with those ideals, we shall repeal those laws and enact laws that allow us to hold Supreme Executive Power.
National Catholicism
The Catholic Church was attacked and desecrated by the 'revolutionary' governments. No more. The Catholic Church shall not just be the state religion but be a part of the government. We shall support the Church, they will support us, and in turn the people will support us for it.
Hispanidad
Hispanidad is the belief that the Hispanic race is superior to other races thanks to the centuries of race mixing that have taken place throughout our nation's history. We naturally are true believers in this ideal, and we shall begin to implement a number of laws to enforce it, including strong miscegenation laws to promote the improvement of the Hispanic race in Mexico.
Cleanse Mexico of Syndicalism
Mexico is a mess at the moment, and we all know the syndicalists are responsible for it. We shall begin a major witch hunt for syndicalists and their sympathisers. Soon they shall find that there is nowhere to hide from justice!
New Military
Even the military has been tainted by the reds. We need to dismiss it as a whole and start over from scratch, this time ensuring this new Mexican Army is formed by true patriots.
Acción Revolucionaria Mexicanista
As part of our new military, we shall integrate the Mexicanist Revolutionary Action, popularly known as the Gold Shirts, into the Mexican Army. They shall take up the mantle of watchers of Mexican society and make sure that there is no treacherous activity within Mexico.
Promote Sinarquismo
Sinarquismo, a political, social, and cultural movement that defends nationalist, anti-syndicalist, and Catholic ideals, has become our state ideology, and as such, we must promote it to the people of Mexico.
Education Reforms
Mexico is in dire need of an education reform. Not only is the current educational system ineffective, but it also still promotes old revolutionary ideals we're trying to remove from society. We shall increase the education funds and reform their teaching curriculums in order to bring future generations under our control.
Work Camps
A bullet is the simplest way of dealing with dissent, but not the most efficient one. Considering that there are plenty of criminals and supporters of socialism and liberalism in our country, we could put such manpower to our service by establishing re-education camps, where they shall work off their crimes against the state.
Reconquista
The Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo is a national shame, which forced us to cede rightful Mexican land to American imperialists! We were weak enough to be defeated by their meagre forces, but now a new Mexico rises from the ashes, stronger than ever, and the US is now weaker than ever. We shall have our revenge and reconquer the land those imperialist dogs stole from us.
Military Glory
The best way to prove our racial superiority is to show our military might to the world. Glory shall be given to all those willing to take up arms for Mexico and its people.
Religión, Independencia, Unión
Mexican independence was declared with three fundamental principles: establishing Mexican independence, establishing the Catholic religion as unique, and establishing the union of all social classes. We shall uphold the principles with which our country was created and destroy all those who seek to infringe upon them.
Modernise the Army
The Mexican armed forces are still using outdated Great War-era equipment, and our military doctrines and tactics have also fallen behind the times over the past decade. Our nation is a major player in North and Central America, so our army should be modernised and expanded.
Guerrilla Warfare
Mexico's terrain is extremely harsh, with various deserts, mountain ranges, and jungles. Already during the Mexican Revolution, guerrilla tactics have proven to be highly effective in such terrain, which doesn't permit large, heavily equipped armies.
Night Ambushes
One pillar of guerrilla warfare is to not be seen before the attack commences. During the night, it will be easy to remain unspotted, so our troops can come much closer to the enemy, which increasing the effectiveness of our ambushes.
Citizen Soldiers
A guerrilla force should not only be made up of professional soldiers, but every citizen should also be able to participate in the fight against the enemy. With special citizen militias, we can make sure that every citizen will be able to fulfil his duties.
Decentralised Command
It is difficult to command a guerrilla unit in the deserts of Sonora or the jungles of Yucatán from Mexico City. Our command structure should be more decentralised with local commanders having enough autonomy to perform well during guerrilla attacks.
Recon Scouts
Ambushes can be very powerful, as the Afghans have shown in their constant wars against the British imperialists. However, an ambush is useless if no enemy ever arrives. Professional scouts, who can accurately report the position of the enemy, will facilitate the setting up of ambushes.
Small Unit Tactics
Ambush units are usually on the same level of manpower as squads, maybe platoons, but an entire division doesn't create a good local ambush. Our army should function on the basis of small units, so our tactics and command structure need to be reworked.
Die Standing
Not a single metre of Mexican soil shall fall to any invaders! Our glorious soldiers shall defend every corner of Mexico, and they shall never yield! Mexico shall stay free, no matter the cost.
Legacy of the Revolution
The Mexican Revolution was one of the largest military events in the recent history of our continent. Together with its sheer size, it has also brought new military tactics and weapons to Mexico. We should build up our army based on the lessons learned from the war.
Improved Officer Training
In this age of modern warfare, it is imperative that we update the training methods we use for our officers and army leaders.
Desert Training
One of our largest rivals on the American continent is the United States of America, which tries to undermine Mexico's freedom. The Mexican-American border is mostly made of deserts and arid mountains, so we should train our soldiers to stop the US forces in this hostile environment.
Jungle Training
The revolution started out in the jungles of southern Mexico, and the revolution shall be spread through the jungles of Central and Latin America. Our army should focus on adapting to this extremely hostile terrain, as it will form the battlefield of future wars.
Soldaderas
During the Mexican Revolution, many women fought for the principles of the revolution. These 'soldaderas' have proven their strength and will on the battlefield, but women are still frowned upon in the military. We should end this discrimination and permit women to fight in our armed forces.
Future of Warfare
The future of warfare is dependent on the future of the equipment used. In order to be prepared for the conflicts of tomorrow, which will undoubtedly challenge the integrity and freedom of Mexico, we will need to think today about the future of equipment.
Industrial Warfare
While the strength of our Mexican soldiers is high, the strength of a Mexican artillery piece is even higher. We need to equip our army with heavy infantry-support weapons to improve its fighting capabilities against a regular enemy force.
Mechanised Warfare
While the strength of our Mexican soldiers is high, and while the strength of a Mexican artillery piece is even higher, the strength of a Mexican tank is the highest! We need to mechanise our forces so that no regular enemy force can defeat us.
General Staff Reforms
The most effective fighting force is a professional, well-regulated regular army. However, our armed forces are quite the opposite. We need to reform most aspects of our army, and we should start with the general staff and the command structure.
New Military Colleges
One major aspect that makes a professional army is a trained and large officer corps. Our army is short on experienced officers on all levels of the command structure, so we will need to expand our military colleges to train more officers.
Professional Army
The goal of our major military reforms is to create a professional, modern army. While we will achieve creating a modern army by improving our equipment and tactics, a professional army can only be achieved if every soldier knows his duties and is willing to fulfil them under any condition.
Centralised Command
If we give local commanders too much autonomy, our armed forces and headquarters will drown in chaos once we meet the enemy, as no one will know what exactly is happening. We need a regulated and centralised command structure to properly lead the army.
Logistic Companies
Due to our harsh terrain and underdeveloped infrastructure, it will be difficult to properly supply a large army with much heavy equipment. We need special units that oversee and organise the supply lines to keep our army always fully equipped.
Flexible Planning
Helmuth von Moltke the Elder accurately said that 'no battle plan ever survives contact with the enemy', and that has been perfectly proven by the chaotic battles of the Mexican Revolution. Our plans need to be flexible so that they can adapt to new circumstances quickly.
Siempre Leales
The Mexican military will always loyally serve Mexico, no matter the cost. It will always protect our beautiful nation, in war or in peace, from any threat, foreign or internal. 'Siempre Leales'—Always Loyal.
Armada de México
Our naval forces will not be able to challenge the navies of the Entente and the United States, but its fighting power is not to be underestimated. Our nation has a large coastline, and our navy is ready to defend it.
Grand Navy
There are no jungles or mountains to hide in for the navy. While fighting with small, concealed units is a viable tactic for the ground forces, our naval forces will need to win naval engagements with large ships with even larger firepower.
Naval Glory
The sight of the Anáhuac is enough to impress most people, and its 234mm guns are larger than any artillery pieces that our ground forces field. We should take pride in our naval forces, which bravely defend the shores of Mexico.
Battleship Development
The Anáhuac is the largest ship of our navy, yet it is more than three decades old and will not be able to compete with modern capital ships. We need to develop our own proper battleship to serve as the new flagship of our navy.
Produce Our Titans of the Sea
Our naval industrial capacity is quite limited, however. Through negotiations and agreements with friendly foreign nations, we have been able to utilise their industrial capacity to produce parts that are then shipped to our dockyards. This will speed up the production and quality of our new behemoths of the sea!
Carrier Development
A new ship type has emerged during the Great War—the carrier! Initially meant for seaplanes, new large carriers have the capacity of a small airfield and can now support the naval forces with large torpedoes and bomb-carrying aircraft.
Dominate the Sea From the Air
From observations of other foreign powers, it is clear that the future of naval warfare is found in the skies. We shall work ever harder to ensure that the only planes over the sea will be ours!
Fuerza de Infantería de Marina
Sometimes, it is easier to bypass the enemy forces by sea than to fight through entrenched lines in difficult terrain. While naval operations like the Battle of Gallipoli have failed, the invasion from the sea might become a viable military tactic.
Protect Trade
Our navy will simply never be able to compete with the major navies of the world, so instead of trying to compete uselessly, we should focus on defending our trade lines instead. While we can't beat the US fleet, we can beat pirates and raiders.
Coast Guard
Our nation has a large coastline, both along the Pacific and the Caribbean Sea, which provides enough hiding places for raiders and smugglers. We need to patrol our coasts to stop these criminals.
Destroyer Development
A large battleship is not very suited for convoy escort missions. Instead, we should invest in small escort destroyers, which can protect our convoys while being cost-efficient and reliable.
Protecting Our Trade
With the development of our naval capabilities growing steadily, a need for further training is required. By utilising our larger navy in escort manoeuvres, we have been able to develop a more efficient and practical approach to keeping our trade lines safe!
Submarine Development
We will need to protect our trade lines, but that doesn't stop us from raiding the trade lines of our enemies. Submarines are perfectly suited for convoy raiding missions, so we should invest more into these hidden ships.
Death from Below
We have invested heavily into our underwater reapers. Any foe who may think themselves safe on the ocean will soon come to regret that feeling when they are struck by our submarines. We do not need to specialise in any large-scale battle fleet, for we are death from below.
Fuerza Aérea Mexicana
Our air force will not be able to compete with the British air force, but it will be perfectly suited for military operations in Central and Latin America. We should expand the Mexican air force, as aircraft will play an important role on the battlefield.
Pilot Training
Our air force is still quite small, so we lack trained pilots. An aircraft is useless if the pilot doesn't know how to fly it. We need to expand our aviation training courses.
Build Airports
An aircraft can't take off from a jungle... well, we haven't tried yet, but it seems unlikely. We need to construct airfields on flat terrain so that our air force can take off to defend the sky above Mexico.
Air Defence
We aren't the only ones to build up an air force, far from it, actually. Our air force will most likely be on the defence if we have to face the major counter-revolutionary and imperialist air forces, so we should aid them from the ground.
Air Supremacy
In order to effectively support our ground and naval forces and to defend them from enemy bombers, our air force needs to focus on gaining and defending air superiority.
Fighter Research
Using large, sluggish bombers to gain air superiority will prove to be a difficult task, to say the least. Instead, we need fast, agile, and well-armed single-engine aircraft that can effectively intercept and destroy enemy aircraft.
Army Air Support
Many of our adversaries, most notably counter-revolutionary Central American countries, lack an air force, so we should focus on supporting our army from the air. We will not be able to challenge the air forces of the Entente, so we should focus on exploiting the weaknesses of our smaller rivals.
Bomber Research
Using small aircraft armed with nothing more than machine guns to destroy enemy infrastructure and industry will be almost impossible. We need large aircraft with multiple engines to deliver a large bomb payload to the enemy.
RADAR Development
RADAR, which stands for radio detection and ranging, is a new method of detection that will be quite useful for the air force. With RADAR installations, we will be able to detect incoming aircraft outside of viewing distance so that we can alert the air force quickly enough.
Expand Airports
Our air force is constantly expanding, but our airfields can't keep up. Their capacity limits will soon be exceeded, and we found out that you can't take off an aircraft from the jungle... we will need to expand our airfields quickly.
Paratroopers
The Battle of Gallipoli has shown that seaborne invasions are quite difficult to perform, but airborne invasions haven't been tried yet. We should build up an airborne unit that can jump behind enemy lines to cut supply lines and ambush retreating forces.
Rule the Skies
The Mexican air force shall rule the skies... well, the skies of Central America at least. It will still take quite a while until we can compete with the air forces of the Entente.
Mexico has come out of the Mexican Revolution changed. During the 1920s, the presidencies of Álvaro Obregón and Adolfo de la Huerta saw improved relations with the United States of America while stabilising the country after the revolution. The Great Depression in America allowed Mexico to embrace the ideas of the Revolution, which they started when they elected Emiliano Zapata as President in 1932. Now, with two years left in his term and the revolution seemingly done, Zapata looks to plot the future course for Mexico.
GFX_MEX_intro
Mexico - A few years ago
Mexico has been transformed in recent years. In 1910, the Mexican Revolution began against Porfirio Díaz and would last nearly a decade. By 1917, Venustiano Carranza had become the President; however, he quickly angered other revolutionaries when he embarked on a campaign to destroy his political rivals, including Zapata. This led to the Plan de Agua Prieta by a number of military and political leaders and resulted in Álvaro Obregón becoming the President of Mexico. From here, the chaos of the revolution would wind down as the government of Mexico began a period of stabilisation.\n\nThe first term of Álvaro Obregón saw improved relations with the United States, especially after Pancho Villa was made Ambassador to the Commune of France, and Adolfo de la Huerta was finally able to get the Americans to recognise the current government of Mexico as the legitimate one. The economy started to improve, especially in the south, where Zapata held power and was able to implement land reform more comprehensively than anywhere else in the country. Obregón worked to improve labour rights, though this sparked a new conflict between the two big unions—Confederación Regional Obrera Mexicana (CROM) and the more syndicalist Confederación General de Trabajadores (CGT). However, all was not well in Mexico. There was growing tension among the Catholic population due to the draconian anti-clerical laws written into the Constitution against the Catholic Church.
Mexico in 1936
Obregón was succeeded by Adolfo de la Huerta, who, for the most part, continued the same general policies. However, his term had a number of international incidents for him to deal with. Notably, the British Revolution and the subsequent Great Depression in the United States sent shockwaves and affected Mexico's economy. This triggered conflicts in Central America, notably in Nicaragua, where Zapata went to help spread his brand of revolutionary ideals southward. However, none of this was the most controversial thing de la Huerta did. That would be rewriting the term limits so that Obregón could run for a second term, which, of course, he won.\n\nHowever, in 1932, Zapata was elected on a Socialist and populist platform. His term focused on the economy, particularly the agrarian sector, with improvements in working conditions and rights for peasants of the ejidos—communal land under usufructuary property. Improving the rights of peasants and natives within Mexico was his primary focus during his first term. However, his policies angered the conservatives and Catholics even more. A particularly unpopular measure with conservatives was the change to electoral law, restricting maximum terms to one but lengthening the duration of each term to five years. His overtures to the Internationale caused tension with the United States, as did his policy of land redistribution.\n\nAs 1936 dawns, many wonder what form the future of Mexico will take.
§MMaximato§! ($totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Choose that Zapata is slain in the assassination attempt.\n£white_dot In the aftermath, let Calles seize the Palacio Nacional.\n£white_dot Shortly after he takes over, the Cristero War will break out.\n£white_dot Lower the Cristero Strength through a combination of decisions and random events to zero to secure Calles' rule.\n\n§MJunta Militar§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Choose that Zapata is slain in the assassination attempt.\n£white_dot In the aftermath, let Garza and Treviño form a Junta.\n£white_dot The Campesino War will break out.\n£white_dot Do NOT take the Sinarquista offer.\n£white_dot Lower the Campesinos' Strength through a combination of decisions and random events to zero to secure Garza's rule.\n£white_dot After the war is over, choose to hold on to power.\n\n§MNacionalistas§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Same as above, but when the war ends choose to restore democracy.\n\n§MSinarquistas§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Same as the Junta Holds on to Power, but take the Sinarquista's offer.\n£white_dot The war must last at least 75 days for the offer event, and an additional support event to trigger for the coup to eventually fire.\n£white_dot After doing so, the §nUnión Nacional Sinarquista§! will successfully seize power.\n\n§MLaboristas / Agrarios Nacionales / Trabajadores / Revolucionarios Nacionales§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $radical_socialist_coloured$ / $syndicalist_coloured$ / $totalist_coloured$).\n£white_dot Choose that Zapata survives the assassination attempt, or if he is slain, that Villa and Toledano form a government.\n£white_dot Empower the desired party in the snap election.\n£white_dot Re-elect the desired party in 1942 and 1947.\nNote: If elected, Calles and the §oPartido Nacional Revolucionario§! will go on to form a dictatorship.
Assassination Attempt Upon the President
Breaking news from Mexico City. An assassin has shot President Zapata. While the assassin was killed by the Presidential Guard, Zapata has been rushed to the hospital to recover. Many throughout the country are wondering what shall become of the Tiger of the South.
Zapata recovers from the assassination attempt.
The assassin has slain the President!
Death of Zapata
This morning, the Hero of the Revolution and President of Mexico, Emiliano Zapata, passed away from the injuries he sustained after a terrorist attack in Mexico City. Immediately after his death, several groups, from loyal politicians to reactionary generals, initiated a power struggle to seize control of the government and the military.
Plutarco Calles and his clique seize the Palacio Nacional.
Reactionary generals Garza and Treviño form a junta.
Pancho Villa and Vicente Toledano form a coalition government and call for new elections.
Presidential Election of [GetYear]
Following the attempt on his life, Zapata has announced his resignation, and a snap election is taking place to determine the next leader of Mexico. Citizens are gathering to vote on who shall lead Mexico in Zapata's absence, and several parties are all vying for the lead. Who shall come out on top?
Zapata's death ushered in a coalition government led by Vicente Toledano and Pancho Villa to stabilise the government. However, today is the day of the election to see who shall be the next President since the death of the great hero Zapata.
With the Campesinos defeating the reactionary generals, early elections have been called. Which party will be trusted to rebuild the country?
Partido Nacional Revolucionario.
Partido Mexicano de los Trabajadores.
Partido Nacional Agrarista.
Partido Laborista Mexicano.
Finding the Assassin
While the assassin was gunned down in the streets, there is evidence to believe that he did not act alone. Thus, we shall conduct a manhunt throughout Mexico City to find out who was behind the assassination.
We must find this terrorist.
The Assassin's Cohorts Found
We have found out who was backing the assassin. It was a clique of right-wing military leaders who have taken umbrage with Zapata's reforms. While they deny it, the evidence against them is overwhelming. They shall meet a traitor's death.
We have found out who was backing the assassin. It turns out it was Plutarco Elías Calles, who wanted to get rid of Zapata as a way to strengthen his own position of power. He shall meet a traitor's death.
They will meet a traitor's death.
The Funeral of Zapata
Today in Mexico City, there was a massive funeral for Emiliano Zapata. In honour of the fallen President almost every shop has been closed. There is public grieving and mourning for the fallen hero. This is especially true for the poor and rural people who have come to the city to show their feelings for the fallen leader.
He died on his feet.
Ley de Tolerancia de Cultos
In a speech given after his recent rise to power, President Calles has promised he would draft a new set of laws to enforce the Constitution's position on secularism. These controversial laws would penalise the priests and nuns who break the anti-religious laws in the Constitution, such as penalising priests who criticise the government or wear clerical garb in public. Calles has also reaffirmed his desire to use presidential decrees to seize church property, expel foreign priests, and close monasteries, convents, and religious schools. Priests throughout the country have already started pushing back against what they view as an assault on Mexico's faithful.
The Constitution shall be enforced.
The [GetYear] Presidential Election
It is this year's Election and President [MEX.GetLeader] is in the lead and is almost certain to be re-elected.
The President is re-elected.
The Death of Calles
Sad news today. The doctors in Mexico City have pronounced Plutarco Elías Calles, el Jefe Máximo, dead. With his passing, a power struggle has begun. Three potential men could be the next leader of Mexico: Lázaro Cárdenas, Emilio Portes Gil, and Abelardo L. Rodríguez.
Wonderful news today! It seems that socialist bastard Calles has died. Now the only question is, who will rise to lead his foul movement?
Lázaro Cárdenas.
Emilio Portes Gil.
Abelardo L. Rodríguez.
Cárdenas's Decision
Cárdenas has emerged as the new leader of Mexico. However, rumours swirl about what Cárdenas will do now that he is in power. While he was a loyal supporter of Calles while Calles was in power, that is no longer the case. Will Cárdenas abolish the Maximato, as some believe he will, or will he announce his continued support for it?
Continue the Maximato.
Abolish the Maximato.
Presidential Election of [GetYear]
It is time for another presidential election in Mexico. As [MEX.GetLeader] is term-limited by the Constitution, which party will Mexico's new President represent?
Partido Mexicano de los Trabajadores.
Partido Nacional Agrarista.
Partido Laborista Mexicano.
Academy of the Mayan Language Founded
Today, in the city of Mérida in the state of Yucatán, the Academia de la Lengua Maya (Academy of the Mayan Language) was founded by Alfredo Barrera Vásquez and several experts in the Mayan language. The main focus of the academy is to support and promote the Mayan language. It also aims to work with governmental services to help those whose primary language is Maya.
Let's revive the Mayan language.
Mexican Muralism
Since the 1920s, an artistic movement has begun in Mexico to help spread the ideals of the revolution throughout the country. Cities throughout Mexico have murals painted on public buildings. The murals cover numerous topics, mixing social and political messages with Mexican nationalism. The 'Big Three' seen as the leaders of the movement are Diego Rivera, José Clemente Orozco, and David Alfaro Siqueiros.
Every city needs murals.
Liga de Escritores y Artistas Revolucionarios
To promote art throughout Mexico, the Liga de Escritores y Artistas Revolucionarios (League of Revolutionary Writers and Artists, LEAR) has been founded. LEAR is dedicated to promoting art and literature throughout Mexico. LEAR is dedicated not only to the ideals of the Mexican Revolution but also to Syndicalism, which is evident in the art it promotes and publishes. Moreover, it has connections to the Third Internationale and believes in supporting them directly.
Art for the People.
Monument to the Revolution
Today, the Monument to the Revolution in Mexico City has finally been completed. Carlos Obregón Santacilia was the architect behind the monument. He built it out of the unfinished legislative building that Porfirio Díaz had ordered to be built. In addition to being a monument dedicated to the Revolution, from its struggles to its successes, it also serves as a mausoleum for some of the more famous revolutionaries. The onument was built in Plaza de la República, part of Mexico City, and is already becoming one of the city's iconic sites.
Let's remember the Revolution.
National Parks
Since Zapata became President, he has begun a policy of creating a number of national parks. However, since 1936, he has accelerated the programme and has focused on creating a number of new national parks throughout Mexico.
We shall protect Mexico's natural environment.
Regeneración
Regeneración was an anarchist newspaper founded by Jesús Flores and his brothers, commonly referred to as the Magón Brothers. The paper was originally about reporting what was going on in Mexico during the Revolution. However, during the Revolution, Jesús Flores was sent into exile, and the paper fell by the wayside. However, it has been revived in recent years. It maintains its anarchist, stance though it has morphed more into a Zapatismo stance. As Jesús Flores became a member of Zapata's government, the paper's support and reach have increased.
Magón's ideas are spreading.
Congreso Nacional de Mujeres
The Congreso Nacional de Mujeres, or National Congress of Women, was founded today to help discuss women's rights on the national level. Issues relating to women's suffrage are the most important topics discussed, though other issues such as prostitution, female literacy, health, abortion, and more are also discussed in the congress. While this is the first congress, a future one is already being planned.
¡Vivan las Mujeres de México!
Women's Suffrage
President [MEX.GetLeader] has proposed a law that would grant women the right to vote, a move that is lauded by women's groups throughout Mexico. Of course, the law must first pass the Mexican Congress. Will it pass, or will it fail?
Women's suffrage passes.
Women's suffrage fails to pass.
The Mexican Anarchist Federation
The Mexican Anarchist Federation was founded today, taking inspiration from movements in Europe and the rest of the Internationale. It aims to help link various anarchists throughout Mexico and work to support Anarchism, and Anarcho-Syndicalism within the country.
¡Viva el Anarquismo!
The Assault on the Lands
Within the Valley of Mexicali, where the Colorado River Delta is in Baja California, a social movement has begun, inspired by the words of [MEX.GetLeader], who has been promoting the continuation of Land Reform. This part of Mexico has a number of great ranches owned by Americans. However, following in the spirit of the Land Reform, the peasants have taken direct control of the estates, formed their own ejidos, and established agricultural unions. The people of the Mexicali Valley are in a joyous mood after reclaiming the land.
¡Tierra y Libertad!
Dealing with Business Cartels
Industrial development in Mexico in the 19th century proceeded much like America's. There were monopolies, robber barons, land theft, and labour exploitation abound. Our glorious revolution is seen by us as a fusion of progressive ideals inherent in North America with European socialism. This makes our inability to handle industrial monopolies until this time all the more shameful. Decades of continual abuse of the market by companies that hoard intellectual property in a lawful yet unethical manner must be stopped. We shall temporarily revoke intellectual property rights from monopolies so that competition may prosper.
Competition shall allow Mexico to prosper.
The Sinarquista Offer
The Sinarquistas have come to us with an offer to bring themselves into the Mexican government. They say that they will be able to protect the Mexican people and that it will be easier to coordinate with their forces if they are involved in the government. Should we accept?
Accept their offer.
We do not need them.
Sinarquista Support
The Sinarquistas have proven true to their word, and by working together, we have had quite a number of successes against the traitors and rebels. Of course, some within the Junta are growing concerned that the Sinarquistas are getting the credit and gaining popularity. However, for now, we can claim victory against the rebels.
Viva México.
Sinarquista Coup
The Sinarquistas have shown their true colours. José Antonio Urquiza walked into Mexico City a hero. As he did so, he and the Gold Shirts marched straight towards the Palacio Nacional, and without a shot being fired, they seized the building. It seems that the soldiers rather would rather support the Sinarquistas over the Junta. With this bloodless coup, the Sinarquistas are now in charge of Mexico. They have promised that Mexico shall be restored to its proper glory and that rebels shall never threaten Mexico again.
Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal.
Restore Democracy?
With our victory against the peasant rebels, we're finally in a position to look inwards at our government institutions and fully restore our pre-revolutionary government. However, it's unclear what path we should take. Mexico, for decades, prospered under the guidance of Porfirio Díaz, and while the benefits of his rule slowly waned in his final days, there's no denying that perhaps going back to those days with Garza in power could be beneficial. On the other hand, democracy has quickly become part of Mexican culture, and with liberal and conservative parties pressuring the Junta to restore at least some semblance of democratic rule, perhaps it would be best if, instead of a dictatorship, we pursued a slow transition towards democracy...
Restore Democracy.
Hold onto power.
The New Constitution
In Mexico City today, a new constitution was unveiled. The Constitution of [GetYear] is rather similar to the 1917 Constitution, though it differs in a few meaningful ways. Notably, it does not contain the same anti-clericalism, land reform, and other radical elements that made up the previous Constitution. It is regarded as a more moderate, more democratic constitution. While there is great fanfare in Mexico City, in a number of rural towns, the new constitution was met with obvious disdain.
A new day rises in Mexico.
The Legacy of the Revolution
The legacy of the Mexican Revolution has been put up for debate within the Mexican Congress. Some regard the entire revolution as terrible, and believe we should denounce it as a backwards step. Others, however, believe that only radicals like Zapata and Villa should be condemned for destroying Mexico. What shall be decided?
Condemn just Zapata and other radicals.
Condemn the whole revolution.
Anti-Native Law
A law has been proposed that would repeal the various laws that Zapata passed for the indigenous Mexicans. This has garnered a great deal of support from the right-wing elite, who see Zapata's laws as just policies enacted by him to destroy Mexico. However, this will naturally not please the various indigenous Mexicans, notably the Maya and their allies in the Yucatán.
Pass the law.
Don't pass the law.
The Yucatán Rebellion
As we consolidate power and repeal the laws of Zapata, the people of the Yucatán Peninsula have decided to declare independence. The states of Yucatán, Campeche, and Quintana Roo have all voted to join this treasonous Yucatán Republic.
We shall destroy these traitors.
¡Libertad o Muerte! (Play as Yucatán)
Mexico Is Unable to Pacify Yucatán
While [MEX.GetLeader] promised to defeat the rebellious Yucatán in less than a year, it is clear by now that he has failed. The fact that our armies have been driven back and a ceasefire is in place means that [MEX.GetLeader] must watch his back, as various rivals may now move to replace him.
We must watch our backs.
Yucatán Manages to Survive
We have managed to drive out the Mexicans, and for the first time, we are now a free and independent Republic. Now that the war is over, we can focus on rebuilding the country. Of course we must never let our guard down against the Mexicans, who will no doubt seek to take our land again in the future.
¡Viva Yucatán!
The Yucatán Is Pacified
The traitors and rebels in the Yucatán have been put down, and the region has been pacified. The region will never again be a source of trouble for Mexico.
¡Viva México!
Rejoining Mexico
The right-wing forces that took over in a coup within Mexico have been destroyed, and the government is restoring the various laws Zapata put in place, including his protections for indigenous communities. It is time to end our rebellion and reconcile with the government of [MEX.GetLeader].
Let us rejoin Mexico.
The Yucatán Ends Their Rebellion
The rebellion in the Yucatán has ended thanks to [MEX.GetLeader]'s policy of restoring the laws that Zapata passed. These laws, alongside assurances that their autonomy and traditions shall be respected and that the traitors who started this conflict will be punished harshly, have helped to convince the Yucatec to rejoin the country.
¡Viva México!
Presidential Election of [GetYear]
It is time for another presidential election in Mexico. As [MEX.GetLeader] is term-limited by the constitution, who shall be elected as the next President of Mexico?
¡Viva la democracia!
Palacio Legislativo Federal
During the Porfiriato, Diaz planned to build a grand new Federal Legislative building in Mexico City. However, the Revolution long delayed that project. Now, as the dust has settled, we can finally achieve this project, and construct a legislative palace for the world to marvel at.
At last, it is finished.
Patria vs La Raza
Synarchism as an ideology is still in its infancy, with the main unifying factor being a resistance to liberalism and secularism. Under the Synarchist banner, there exist both Legionarists following the pattern of the Iron Guard and the other followers of La Raza. The inherent conflict between these forces concerns their racial policies. The Synarchist leadership under Salvador Abascal sees the traditional caste system of Mexico as the correct social order, including the enshrinement of Catholic priests. La Raza, as promoted by José Vasconcelos, purports the idea of a Hispanic race as the true ideal of Mexican patriotism. These ideas are more similar to Integralism in Brazil than Legionarism. The party has begun to split, with La Raza members becoming disillusioned with the lack of support they receive within the party. How can we correct this?
We must appease these dissidents.
They have no choice, ignore their demands.
Juventudes Sinarquistas
The Juventudes Sinarquistas is a youth programme that has been created by [MEX.GetLeader]. The organisation is to help train the youth in the ideals of Sinarquismo and traditional Catholic values. Structurally, the organisation is similar to scouting groups that exist in other countries, though controlled by the Mexican government. The Juventudes Sinarquistas has two main sub-organisations, one for boys and one for girls. By making sure that the youth are enrolled in the organisation, this will ensure that they never sway from the government's ideals.
The youth are the future.
Completion of the 'Reconquista' Campaign
Crowds of loyal Synarchist supporters and alike gathered in Mexico City to hear a speech given by [MEX.GetLeader] after brave Mexican forces secured the long-lost territories ceded in the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. Having acted quickly upon the American descent into chaos and mobilising an army so elite, so massive, and so breathtaking, long decades of American tyranny have finally ended. While these newly liberated lands may still be 'American' for decades to come, [MEX.GetLeader] and his Synarchist Union plan to spread Sinarquismo across the vast territories that now comprise his modern Mexico.\n\n[MEX.GetLeader] and several high-ranking Mexican generals have announced plans to completely liberate the continent from foreign occupation to further keep Mexico pure from foreign influence. However, the methods in which he plans to spread 'Hispanidad' beyond Mexican borders remain to be seen.
The humiliation and devastion of 1848 forever overturned!
'Ahí está el detalle' Is Released
The Mexican comedy movie 'Ahí está el detalle' (You're Missing the Point) has been released today in cinemas, starring Cantinflas, as well as featuring Joaquín Pardavé, Sara García, Sofía Álvarez, and Dolores Camarillo. The film was inspired by the criminal Álvaro Chapa, as well as director Juan Bustillo Oro's experience working as a lawyer for Cárcel de Belén. It has been regarded as Bustillo Oro's best film to date, earning positive reviews from critics.
Cantinflas has outdone himself again.
'María Candelaria' Is Released
The movie 'María Candelaria' was released today in cinemas to overwhelmingly glowing reviews. The film is a drama about the indigenous people of Mexico. It was directed by Emilio Fernández and stars Dolores del Río and Pedro Armendáriz. The movie was the first Mexican film to be screened internationally at the International Film Festival in France, where it earned the Grand Prix, becoming the first film from Latin America to do so.
A film that all should see.
'Flor silvestre' Is Released
The film 'Flor silvestre' (Wild Flower) was released today to glowing reviews. It is a drama about the son of a rich landowner who becomes a revolutionary during the Mexican Revolution and marries a peasant girl. The movie, directed by Emilio Fernández, stars Dolores del Río, Pedro Armendáriz, and Miguel Ángel Ferriz. It was made as a collaboration between director Emilio Fernández, often referred to as El Indio, and Augustine J. Fink, the President of Films Mundiales. As Flor Silvestre was not only critically acclaimed throughout Mexico, but made a lot of money for them, it looks like this collaboration will continue in the future.
What shall they do next?
Mexican Cup of 1939
The Mexican Cup, the premier national football cup in Mexico, is finally at its championship game between Asturias and Necaxa, and the question is, who shall take home the glory and become the champions this year?
And the winner is?
Asturias Win the Cup
With a 1-0 victory, Asturias wins the Mexico Cup this year. Mexico City was filled with excitement as the glory of the cup went to one of their teams.
Asturias retakes their title.
Necaxa Win the Cup
It was a close match, however, with a score of 2-1, Necaxa won and remained the reigning champions of the Mexico Cup. Naturally, the city of Aguascalientes is celebrating this victory.
The Thunderbolts are victorious.
El Santo Enters the Ring
Today, the masked wrestler El Santo has entered the ring for the first time, winning a battle royale against eight other wrestlers using acrobatic kicks and throws that would become his trademark style. He has quickly become famous for refusing to remove his silver mask, which has become his persona.
The Silver Saint!
1937 Orizaba Earthquake
A 7.3 on the surface wave magnitude has occurred in Orizaba, Veracruz. The earthquake has left over thirty people dead and countless more injured. The aftershocks were felt as far away as Mexico City. President [MEX.GetLeader] has asked people to help in the rebuilding and do what they can to support those who have suffered because of the earthquake.
Reza por México.
1940 El Centro Earthquake
An earthquake has occurred along the southern border of the US state of California and the Mexican state of Baja California. The epicentre is located in the town of El Centro in America, though it has also affected homes on the Mexican side of the Border. Nine people have been killed in the earthquake, and over twenty have been seriously injured. The total damages amount to over 6 million US dollars. The earthquake damaged quite a lot of irrigation within the region for farms, which is likely to have ripple effects elsewhere. It was the first major earthquake to be recorded by a strong-motion seismograph located next to a fault rupture.
Oh, the humanity!
1941 Colima Earthquake
The city of Colima has been devastated by a deadly earthquake that has left over ninety people dead and destroyed over 8,000 homes. Aftershocks have been felt throughout the Pacific side of Mexico from the neighbouring states of Jalisco and Michoacán to Mexico City itself. Landslides have followed the earthquake, and the Mexican Army has been dispatched to help those suffering from the disaster.
Reza por México.
Los Niños de Morelia
Since the start of the civil war in the United States, refugees have come to Mexico seeking asylum from the violence and terror. Of these refugees, one group is more notable—children. To provide for them, a programme has begun to set up homes for these war orphans, the largest share of these homes being in Morelia. Hence this group has been dubbed by the press 'The Children of Morelia'.
Help the refugees.
Bohemia Poblana
The Bohemia Poblana is a society dedicated to promoting and disseminating culture throughout Mexico. The group organised, among other activities, poetic recitals, exhibitions, conferences, promotion and sponsorship of magazines, and the publication of its diffusion organ, the magazine. The group has become famous for its monthly meal sessions in the city of Puebla. These sessions tend to invite famous guests of Honour from the artistic and cultural world, from poets to authors to musicians and more.
Interesting.
[MEX.GetLeader] Proclaims Maximato
Mexican revolutionary Emiliano Zapata has passed away, and with his death Mexico has been thrown again into chaos. While the most ardently loyal members of the government still had faith on a swift recovery, the freedom fighter and until today, leader of Mexico, has left a power vacuum that will not be easily healed.\n\nIn the midst of Zapata's fatal shooting on the streets of Mexico City, [MEX.GetLeader]'s clique has moved swiftly and seized government facilities and institutions, promising to bring Mexican socialism to new heights.
Mexican democracy died as it lived.
The revolution advances.
Military Seizes Power in Mexico
Mexican revolutionary Emiliano Zapata has passed away, and with his death Mexico has been thrown again into chaos. While the most ardently loyal members of the government still had faith on a swift recovery, the freedom fighter and until today, leader of Mexico, has left a power vacuum that will not be easily healed.\n\nIn the midst of Zapata's fatal shooting on the streets of Mexico City, right-wing elements within the military have seized their chance. Having been in opposition to the Mexican governments since Obregón took power, they now take full control of Mexico and aim to restore rightful rule to stop the rampant chaos.
Mexican democracy died as it lived.
This will bring order to Mexico, finally.
Democratic Coalition Established in Mexico
With the recent death of Mexican revolutionary Emiliano Zapata, Mexico has fallen into a power vacuum with unclear leadership and failing government structures. While the most ardently loyal members of the government still had faith on a swift recovery, the passing of the freedom fighter has shown Mexico that the syndicalist-inspired democratic government would need serious reform to if it were to continue.\n\nIn the midst of Zapata's fatal shooting on the streets of Mexico City, a coalition of democratic parties has decided to compromise, in an attempt to rein in the violence that plagues the country, and move onwards towards stability.
¡Viva México!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Wants to Join the Internationale
[From.GetNameDefCap] has approached us with a request. They wish to formally join the Internationale. Would such a distant ally be worthwhile?
Of course! We welcome them.
We have no need of them.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses
The [From.GetAdjective] government has refused our request to join their alliance. Perhaps we are not good enough for their measure, or unworthy as an ally. Either way, the answer was clearly no.
A poor decision on their part.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Wants to Join the Entente
[From.GetNameDefCap] has sent an ambassador to meet with the King and the Prime Minister in order to bring them into the Entente. Should we accept the [From.GetAdjective] offer?
Mexican Equipment Arrives
Seeing our struggle for a true Socialist Centroamérica, our Mexican brothers-in-arms have seen fit to send us a large amount of equipment to aid in our fight.
¡Viva la revolución!
Mexico Claims Central America
The new Synarchist government in Mexico has issued a decree claiming sovereignty over the entire Central American region. Claiming to be the true and rightful rulers of the land, it may be only a matter of time before the new Mexican government begins military action in the region.
Madmen, all of them.
Peace with [central_america_attacker.GetNameDef]?
With the [central_america_attacker.GetAdjective] victory in the Costa Rican territory, our naval officers have advised us to seek a peaceful resolution to the conflict, as a campaign in America would prove too costly for us without any benefits. How should we respond?
Central America is not worth the trouble.
Nonsense, the [ROOT.GetFactionName] protects its allies!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Offers Peace
With our victory in Central America, the [FROM.GetAdjective] government has finally seen the writing on the wall and has approached us to sign a peace deal, abandoning the conflict and leaving Central America under our domain. How should we respond?
Accept their terms.
No deals with the imperialists!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Peace
Unexpectedly, the [FROM.GetAdjective] government has opted to refuse our peace offer, and have insisted that they shall remain in a state of war for the foreseeable future. While it is extremely unlikely they are planning on launching a trans-atlantic operation, we should still keep an eye out in case they decided to help our enemies...
They will regret this.
Mexico Threatens Us
As our young nation joins the international stage, we are already surrounded by opportunist vultures who seek to oppress us. The Mexican government refuses to recognise our government as legitimate, and our reports indicate that they are amassing their troops at our borders, clearly with the intention of waging war against us. We must prepare if we wish to prevail...
To arms!
[MEX_rebel_type] War Begins
The assumption of power by the military junta following Zapata's death has resulted in quite the dissatisfaction from the people. This is particularly notable among the rural poor that supported Zapata's reforms. Pancho Villa and Rubén Jaramillo have begun to lead a campaign against the military junta and for a restoration of the revolutionary democracy. This does not look like it will be ending any time soon.
Priests, nuns, and laymen who have been outraged by the laws Calles has placed upon them have taken up arms. In Central America, a number of these men have formed themselves into what they are calling the Cristero Army fighting for their Christian faith through force of arms. Calles has called for them to be destroyed as a threat to Mexico.
Order must be restored to Mexico.
We shall defend the revolution.
Victory for the [MEX_rebel_type_plural]
Victory for the Federal Government
The unthinkable has occurred, and today in Mexico City the banner of the Cristeros has flown alongside that of Mexico. They have taken control of the government and have promised to bring about a new and better Mexico.
Pancho Villa and Rubén Jaramillo have entered Mexico City as heroes. The military junta that has ruled Mexico since Zapata's death has been dissolved. They have stated that the ideals of the revolution have not died but have been tested and that they shall be working on safeguards to prevent another junta from coming about in the future. Furthermore, they have stated that they shall hold a new presidential election in the near future.
At long last, the terrorist army has been destroyed. While there are still some skirmishes in the country, order has at last been restored to Mexico. President [MEX.GetLeader] is relieved that his enemies are finally destroyed.
The rebels have been dealt with, and order has been restored to the country. [MEX.GetLeader] is celebrated throughout Mexico as a hero by most for ending the rebellion and restoring law and order to the country.
¡Viva Cristo Rey! ¡Viva México!
The revolution has been preserved.
Order has been restored.
Protests Against Anti-Religious Laws
President Calles' overt hostility towards the Church has made him lots of enemies, especially among Mexico's faithful. But with the wounds from the Campesino war still in the process of healing, and the most zealous reactionaries having bitten the dust just a few months ago, no organised resistance strong enough to topple the government could possibly gather.\n\nStill, protests have broken out in both the cities and the countryside, and acts of resistance by many priests and nuns can be seen throughout Mexico, prompting the government to respond, often with force.
We must move forward.
[MEX_rebel_type] War - Clashes Throughout the Country
Fighting has broken out throughout most of the country. Thankfully, the various cities are held under federal control; however, many smaller towns have fallen to the so-called [MEX_rebel_type] Army. This conflict does not look like it is going to end anytime soon.
We shall destroy the enemies of the revolution.
Order and justice shall be restored.
[MEX_rebel_type] War - Factory Sabotaged
Today, [MEX_rebel_type] saboteurs have targeted a factory, causing a great deal of damage and the loss of many lives. Federal authorities are there working to stop it, and one of the local officers within the Mexican Army has vowed to destroy these terrorists.
We must destroy these rebels.
[MEX_rebel_type] War - Arms Factory Sabotaged
The [MEX_rebel_type_plural] have raided an arms factory, hindering our ability to produce weapons, and causing the loss of many lives. Already efforts have been taken to get the factory running again, so that our troops stay supplied against these bandits.
[MEX_rebel_type] War - Railways Attacked
The [MEX_rebel_type_plural] have set off a series of bombs, causing considerable damage to the railways, destroying many trains, and costing the lives of countless innocent people.
[MEX_rebel_type] War - Skirmishes
Today, a battle that cost the lives of several men of the Mexican Army, as well as that of the [MEX_rebel_type_plural] broke out. This is just another battle in the bloody struggle against the [MEX_rebel_type] terrorists. This particular battle was won by...
The Mexican Army.
The [MEX_rebel_type] Army.
Cristero War - Battle of Tepatitlán
Near the town of Tepatitlán, which had been taken over by the Cristero Army, the Mexican federal army made an assault against the town. However, it soon became apparent that it would be a bloody battle. Two choices exist for Pablo Rodríguez, the officer in charge of the attack. He can retreat, which might allow him to kill the Cristero commander, or he can press on with their commander retreating instead, in addition to the mounting costs.
The town remains in Cristero control.
The town is captured.
Cristero War - Battle of El Fresnal
The Mexican Army is facing the Cristero Army near the town of El Fresnal, where the Cristeros are holed up. Jesus Ferreira, the Mexican Army commander in charge of the attack, believes that he can dislodge them; however, he also knows that it will be a bloody battle. In the end, though, the...
... Cristero Army won.
... Mexican Army won.
Cristero War - Battle of Manzanillo
The Cristero Army is looking to take the city of Manzanillo. Heliodoro Charis Castro, the general in the region, has focused on holding the city. The Cristero Army is larger and looks like it could take the city. However, there is a ship in the area that is attacking the Cristero Army. The question is if they will focus on taking the city, or destroying the ship.
The city is taken.
The Cristero attack is repelled.
Campesino War - Battle of Guadalajara
The Mexican Army is facing the so-called Army of Liberation, led by Pancho Villa, which is seeking to take the city of Guadalajara. The Mexican Army commander, Pedro Ojeda, is preparing a defence of the city; however, he fears that no matter the outcome, this is going to be a bloody battle. When the blood and dust settle, victory belonged to...
The Campesino Army of Liberation.
The Mexican Army.
Campesino War - Battle of Celaya
The Mexican Army is facing the Campesino Army near the town of Celaya where the Campesinos are holed up. Jesus Ferreira, the Mexican Army commander in charge of the attack, believes that he can dislodge them however, he also knows that it will be a bloody battle. In the end though...
The Campesino Army won.
The Mexican Army won.
Plutarco Elías Calles
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1877, in Guaymas, Sonora, United Mexican States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGeneral Plutarco Calles has seized control of the Mexican government. While the totalitarian and rabidly anti-clerical tone of Calles's rhetoric is typical of Mexican socialist politicians, his rejection of agrarianism and support for full integration of indigenous Mexicans could represent a radical new direction for Mexico if implemented.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1877, in Guaymas, Sonora, United Mexican States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrancisco Plutarco Elías Campuzano, born into an affluent landlord family, graduated as a teacher in 1894 and dedicated himself to his teaching profession in Hermosillo and Guaymas, while trying to manage the family business. When he moved to Agua Prieta, Governor José María Maytorena named him deputy. After the Decena Trágica, Calles began recruiting men from Agua Prieta to oppose Victoriano Huerta and, in 1913, joined the revolutionary forces to fight. Calles ended up under the direct orders of Álvaro Obregón and became a colonel and commander of Hermosillo by late 1913. In October 1914, Calles successfully defended the city of Naco for three months, managing to hold against all odds, and due to this, he was promoted to brigadier general by February 1915. With the success of the Plan de Agua Prieta and Obregón's rise to power, Calles became his second in command and would become a vital member of the staff for years to come, although he has been seen dabbling more in politics in recent years.§!\n\n§YNotes: Member and one of the main candidates of the Partido Nacional Revolucionario. He has a very strict moral standard, and he sees both alcohol and religion as dangerous for the minds of both his soldiers and his people.§!
Lázaro Cárdenas del Río
§YBorn:§! §LMay 21st, 1895, in Jiquilpan, Michoacán de Ocampo, United Mexican States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLázaro Cárdenas of the Partido Nacional Revolucionario has achieved victory in Mexico's presidential election. His platform is one of reconciliation with Zapatistas and the Catholic Church alike.§!
Emilio Cándido Portes Gil
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 3rd, 1890, in Ciudad Victoria, Tamaulipas, United Mexican States§!
Abelardo Rodríguez Luján
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1889, in Guaymas, Sonora, United Mexican States§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1889, in Guaymas, Sonora, United Mexican States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAbelardo Rodríguez Luján, who adopted a more Americanised name after moving temporarily to America in 1906 as Abelardo L. Rodríguez, returned to Mexico in 1912 and was caught in the middle of a revolution. He enlisted to fight in the revolution in March 1913 under Obregón, and quickly rose through the ranks by taking part in the capture of Culiacán, the Bajío campaign, the suppression of a Yaqui uprising in Sonora, and fighting the Zapatistas elsewhere. He was promoted to colonel in 1916 and would later take part in the Plan de Agua Prieta, which gained him enough prestige to become military governor of Baja California until 1930. He has since then dedicated himself to teaching at the Heroico Colegio Militar, where he has very recently been promoted to general.§!\n\n§YNotes: Member of the Partido Nacional Revolucionario.§!
Vicente Lombardo Toledano
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 16th, 1894, in Teziutlán, Puebla, United Mexican States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LVicente Toledano, personal aide and confidant of former President Zapata, has now become President in his own right. He advocates a synthesis between European-style Syndicalism and Mexican agrarianism, whereby the state supports the industrialisation and unionisation of the collectivised farms, 'Ejidos'.§!
Fidel Velázquez Sánchez
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1900, in San Pedro Azcapotzaltongo, Mexico, United Mexican States§!
Rosendo Salazar Álamo
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1888, in Zacapoaxtla, Puebla, United Mexican States§!
Emiliano Zapata Salazar
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 8th, 1879, in Anenecuilco, Morelos, United Mexican States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEmiliano Zapata, hero of the Mexican Revolution, achieved victory in Mexico's 1932 presidential election. Since taking office, he has promoted the development of Mexico's collective farms, 'ejidos', and, through political compromise, fostered closer diplomatic ties with the Commune of France. Zapata, however, faces strong opposition from other socialist factions, as well as remnants of the old regime.§!
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 8th, 1879, in Anenecuilco, Morelos, United Mexican States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEmiliano Zapata Salazar's military career began shortly after his political activism started, when he was forcefully conscripted into the 9th Cavalry regiment under Alfonso Pradillo in 1908, where he began experiencing the benefits and drawbacks of military life. With the Plan de San Luis going into effect and the death of Pablo Torres Burgos, Emiliano was chosen by the Southern Revolutionary Junta as the new revolutionary chief of the Southern Maderista Army. His first course of action was to take Cuautla from Porfirista forces, which was successful despite suffering heavy casualties. In order to increase recruitment, he promised every soldier who signed up with him a piece of arable land for themselves in exchange for their help in the revolution, and this tactic proved to be extremely successful with the disenfranchised peasants of the Mexican countryside.§!
Francisco 'Pancho' Villa
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1878, in San Juan del Río, Durango, United Mexican States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrancisco 'Pancho' Villa's military victories against the armies of dictator Victoriano Huerta, such critical steps on the path to socialist revolution in Mexico, remain legendary in Mexico and abroad. Villa, while often at odds with Zapata, is similarly an agrarian socialist.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1878, in San Juan del Río, Durango, United Mexican States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJosé Doroteo Arango Arámbula, better known by his pseudonym, Francisco Villa, or his nickname 'Pancho Villa', has become a living legend for the people of Mexico. He started his adventure when Laureano López Negrete, the owner of the Sombretillo Ranch where Doroteo worked, abused his older sister. In reprisal, he shot Laureano and then evaded capture from the authorities, after which he escaped to the nearby mountains, where he was found by a gang of bandits led by a man called Francisco Villa. He'd accompany the bandits for years, raiding and pillaging around Durango until Francisco Villa was shot in a firefight and named Doroteo his successor to lead the gang. Doroteo then adopted the name of his saviour and continued his criminal activity. With the leadership of the gang secured, Villa decided to join forces with Ignacio Parra and started his attempts to stop, sometimes violently, the abuses committed by the landlords against the peasants in Chihuahua. In 1910 he'd join the Movimiento Maderista, and through cunning and bravery, 'Pancho Villa' reached the higher ranks of the Mexican Revolutionary Army with the nickname 'The Centaur of the North' and even managed to briefly become Governor of Chihuahua. He'd anger the American government in 1916 after attacking the small town of Columbus in New Mexico, which led to the Punitive Expedition led by John Pershing, who was never able to catch Villa despite all his efforts. Villa has since then played a major role in the Revolutionary Army and Mexico's politics. He is a respected member of the general staff, although he's been seen lately dabbling more in politics than learning military strategy.§!\n\n§YNotes: Member and one of the main candidates of the Partido Nacional Agrarista.§!
Antonio Irineo Villarreal González
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 3rd, 1879, in Lampazos de Naranjo, Nuevo León, United Mexican States§!
Rubén Jaramillo Ménez
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 25th, 1900, in Real de Minas de Zacualpan, Morelos, United Mexican States§!
Pascual Ortiz Rubio
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 10th, 1877, in Morelia, Michoacán de Ocampo, United Mexican States§!
Manuel Ávila Camacho
§YBorn:§! §LApril 24th, 1897, in Teziutlán, Puebla, United Mexican States§!
Miguel Alemán Valdés
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 29th, 1900, in Sayula de Alemán, Veracruz de Ignacio de la Llave, United Mexican States§!
Juan Andreu Almazán
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1891, in Olinalá, Guerrero, United Mexican States§!
Pablo González Garza
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1879, in Lampazos de Naranjo, Nuevo León, United Mexican States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGeneral Pablo González Garza was once a steadfast ally of former President Carranza. With the death of Carranza and the ascent of Álvaro Obregón to the Mexican presidency, he went into hiding, waiting for the opportune moment to cleanse his beloved Mexico of socialist corruption; with the success of a military coup in Mexico, he is poised to do just that.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1879, in Lampazos de Naranjo, Nuevo León, United Mexican States§!
José Antonio Urquiza
§YBorn:§! §LApril 10th, 1904, in Santiago de Querétaro, Querétaro, United Mexican States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJosé Antonio Urquiza, fervent Catholic and anti-socialist, has outmanoeuvred his ostensible allies within the Mexican military to assume control of the presidency. President Urquiza is as certain to promote faith in his Synarchist regime as faith in God Himself.§!
Juan González Cabral
§YBorn:§! §LApril 3rd, 1883, in Minas Prietas, Sonora, United Mexican States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJuan Germán Cabral worked as a miner before reaching his twenties, when he moved to Cananea, taking part in the 1906 general strike, where he met his future contacts for the Mexican Revolution. He was one of the first revolutionaries to take up arms against Porfirio Díaz and took part in several of the early battles of the revolution. In May 1911, he took Cananea and Naco, and due to this, he was promoted to cavalry colonel by Francisco Madero himself. He would become Commander in February 1912, and in 1913, he'd join Victoriano Huerta's forces. He'd then be selected to carry out low-risk operations and was generally chosen as military governor by Obregón as a more conciliatory man than his colleagues, like Maytorena and Calles. He has since then taken part in several diplomatic missions to South American countries and remains a very respected member of the staff, even being known as 'The cleanest military man from the revolution'.§!\n\n§YNotes: Apathetic to politics.§!
Pablo Quiroga Escamilla
§YBorn:§! §LJune 7th, 1875, in Ciénaga de Flores, Nuevo León, United Mexican States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPablo Quiroga Escamilla joined the constitutionalist army in 1913 and was under the orders of Manuel M. Diéguez. With the Volunteer Corps and the 13th Battalion of Lancers, Escamilla led several expeditions in Sonora, Sinaloa, Nayarit, and Jalisco. He assisted in the Battle of Santa Rosa, the siege of Guaymas, and the fight for Oredáin. He was promoted to colonel in 1914, taking part in another series of operations in Silao, Trinidad, Guanajuato, Querétaro and Durango. In 1915, he was promoted to brigadier general and would take part in another 25 expeditions throughout the revolution and in the post-revolutionary era. While an experienced member of the general staff, he has been slowly but surely losing interest in his military career and may be willing to resign soon enough.§!
Joaquín Amaro Domínguez
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 16th, 1889, in Sombrerete, Zacatecas, United Mexican States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoaquín Amaro Domínguez was born to a native family, and he was amongst the first revolutionaries from Michoacán to take up arms against the government. He was initially under the command of Gertrudis G. Sánchez, but would continually switch sides during the revolution until joining the Army of Operations under the command of Álvaro Obregón. He was commended for bravery at the Battle of Celaya. In 1916, he fought in Morelos and in Mexico City against the Zapatist forces, executing several civilians under the fear that they were going to betray Obregón's troops. In 1918, he operated in Durango and Chihuahua against the Villistas, and in 1920 he joined the Plan de Agua Prieta, which catapulted him to the rank of general. Since then, he has been named Headmaster of military education at the Heroico Colegio Militar, and he has held his post since then, encouraging discipline and technical expertise over raw manpower and propagating sports and cultural activities through popular libraries in the barracks.§!\n\n§YNotes: His relations with both Zapata and Villa are sour at best. Fighting against them in the revolution has made Joaquín very wary of his new colleagues.§!
Francisco Luis Urquizo Benavides
§YBorn:§! §LJune 21st, 1891, in San Pedro de las Colonias, Coahuila de Zaragoza, United Mexican States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrancisco Luis Urquizo Benavides joined the revolution in 1911 in Coahuila under the orders of Emilio Madero, where he'd later be assigned as one of Francisco Madero's personal guards, fighting alongside Madero in the Decena Trágica. With the death of Madero, Urquizo escaped from Mexico City and joined Carranza's forces, organising a volunteer sapper battalion from fellow citizens of Coahuila. With his battalion, he was able to fight and capture Candela for Carranza. He'd take part in the capture of Torreón and would assist in the attack on Monterrey against Francisco Villa's Northern Division. He was promoted to brigadier general in 1916 and would take up several important government positions in Veracruz, founding the Staff Academy as an extension of the Heroico Colegio Militar. He'd join the Plan de Agua Prieta and would loyally serve Obregón in the stabilisation efforts of the post-revolutionary era. A prolific writer, he has spent his free time writing stories about his time during the revolution and retelling the events that changed Mexico forever.§!\n\n§YNotes: More interested in his writing career than in any form of political activism.§!
Pablo Macías Valenzuela
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 15th, 1891, in Las Cabras de el Fuerte, Sinaloa, United Mexican States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPablo Macías Valenzuela joined the Mexican Revolutionaries in 1912, where he was moved northwards and promoted to Lieutenant of the 4th Irregular Battalion of Sonora under the direct command of Álvaro Obregón. During his military career he obtained his positions, ascending in the ranks for merit in campaign. Among the most important positions and commissions he has held so far are Chief of Military Operations in the state of Nayarit, Northern District of Baja California and Sinaloa State, Chief of the 4th, 7th, 9th, 10th, and 24th Military Operations Headquarters; Chief of the 9th and 17th Military Zones; and Commander of the 15th and 29th Military Zones. While not as battle-hardened as his colleagues, his administrative skills are worthy of note.§!\n\n§YNotes: Member of the Partido Nacional Revolucionario.§!
Maximino Ávila Camacho
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 23rd, 1891, in Teziutlán, Puebla, United Mexican States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMaximino Ávila Camacho joined the revolution as a common conscript, and he has since then risen slowly through the ranks. He decided in the 1920s to join the Heroico Colegio Militar in order to learn military strategy and has recently graduated and been incorporated into the general staff. An overall inexperienced yet loyal general.§!\n\n§YNotes: Member of the Partido Laborista Mexicano.§!
Othón Pompeyo Blanco Núñez de Cáceres
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1868, in Ciudad Victoria, Tamaulipas, United Mexican States§!
Manuel Zermeño Araico
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1901, in Guadalajara, Jalisco, United Mexican States§!
Manuel Pérez Treviño
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1890, in Villa de Guerrero, Coahuila, United Mexican States§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe newly promoted general has consistently championed his own revolutionary ideals. Originally an engineering student, he joined the Revolutionaries and served in artillery positions with distinction under the leadership of the conservative general Pablo González Garza. He later climbed the political ranks during the 1920s due to commonality with moderate Presidents, even reaching the presidential cabinet, but his prominence waned with the arrival of the radical Zapata presidency. Now, Treviño has conspired with González Garza to upstage the radical 'Syndicalist' order and rectify the course of the Revolution to correspond with 'genuine Mexican Revolutionary values' once and for all.§!\n\n§YNotes: In the 1920s, he was celebrated for supposedly devising the Treviño Cannon, initially perceived as a grand patriotic accomplishment. However, it soon unravelled that this cannon was nothing more than a cleverly disguised adaptation of an older French design, much to his eternal embarrassment.§!
Aarón Sáenz Garza
§YBorn:§! §LJune 1st, 1891, in Monterrey, Nuevo León, United Mexican States§!
Alfonso Junco Voigt
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 26th, 1896, in Monterrey, Nuevo León, United Mexican States§!
Amalia González Caballero de Castillo Ledón
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 18th, 1898, in Santander Jiménez, Tamaulipas, United Mexican States§!
Elisa Acuña Rossetti
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1872, in Mineral del Monte, Hidalgo, United Mexican States§!
Ezequiel Padilla Peñaloza
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 31st, 1890, in Coyuca de Catalán, Guerrero, United Mexican States§!
Efraín Gonzáles Luna
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 18th, 1898, in Autlán de Navarro, Jalisco, United Mexican States§!
Fernando Rodarte Fernández
§YBorn:§! §LJune 28th, 1903, in Sombrerete, Zacatecas, United Mexican States§!
José Isidro Fabela Alfaro
§YBorn:§! §LJune 28th, 1882, in Atlacomulco, Mexico, United Mexican States§!
Luis Napoleón Morones Negrete
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 11th, 1890, in Tlalpan, Federal District, United Mexican States§!
Victorino Bárcenas
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 31st, 1889, in Tlapa de Comonfort, Guerrero, United Mexican States§!
Antonio Díaz Soto y Gama
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 17th, 1880, in San Luis Potosí, United Mexican States§!
Leopoldo Treviño Garza
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 14th, 1896, in Monterrey, Nuevo León, United Mexican States§!
Gildardo Magaña Cerda
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1891, in Zamora de Hidalgo, Michoacán de Ocampo, United Mexican States§!
Heriberto Jara Corona
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 10th, 1879, in Nogales, Veracruz de Ignacio de la Llave, United Mexican States§!
Jesús Agustín Castro Rivera
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 15th, 1887, in Lerdo, Durango, United Mexican States§!
Luis Farell Cubillas
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1902, in San Pedro de las Colonias, Coahuila de Zaragoza, United Mexican States§!
Eduardo Aldasoro Suárez
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 27th, 1894, in Mineral del Monte, Hidalgo, United Mexican States§!
