Peru Focus Tree
Servicios Industriales de la Marina
Taller Central de Aviación
Enel Generación Perú
Compañía Minera Atacocha
Compañía de Aviación Faucett
Revolution in Peru
Black Monday Hits the Andes
Black Monday hit Peru in an incredibly harsh fashion. We need to take steps to heal the economy!
The Worst is Over
The harshest stage of the recession is behind us, but there is still a long road ahead.
Recovering Economy
Our Economy is finally recovering from Black Monday.
Economy Back on Track
Our economy is indeed fully recovered from Black Monday, and the incentives we implemented ensure further growth.
Unstable Union
It will take a great deal of time and effort to stabilise the restored union ever since its dissolution a century ago. Therefore, we must act carefully in order for Peru-Bolivia to reclaim its place in the sun.
Building our Hegemony
We must make history remember the struggle we underwent in order to cement Peru-Bolivia's place as the sole South American hegemon.
Hegemon of South America
Our armies triumphed against every contender who held our core territory across the continent, and now is the time to rejoice, for Peru-Bolivia is the Hegemon of South America!
United Army
Uniting the armies of Peru and Bolivia into a singular Peru-Bolivian army will increase the fluidity and effectiveness of our future reclamation wars.
Federated Scientific Exchange
The Federation between Peru and Bolivia means that the greatest minds of our countries can work as one.
Federated Administration
Our union, now with a constitution and other legal grounding, is a more resilient state than before.
Peruvian Military
Widespread reforms to each branch of our military is necessary to combat foes on land, in the air, and over the ocean.
General Rearmament
Our equipment stockpiles are sorely lacking, however, by focusing on quantity as opposed to quality, we can fully equip our troops for battle.
Hawk Lobby
Military equipment manufacturers from home and abroad are heavily lobbying our government.
Expanded Special Forces
Expanding our special forces will bring diversity to the fields of battle on which our armies can fight. We shall succeed in all fields of warfare to keep our enemies on their toes.
An Army of Movement
The Peruvian Army is now adapted to modern war; its focus on outmanoeuvring the enemy has penetrated our officer corps.
Flexible Plans
No plan survives contact with the enemy, thus we must always adapt so Peru can emerge victorious!
Initial Stabilisation Efforts
[PRU.GetLeader]'s tenure in Peru has seen a number of challenges, implementing various measures to tackle these issues one by one will prove vital to securing our rule.
Order, Peace, Work
Order, Peace, Work, this is the motto for which we will guide our nation by. A regime guided by our Caudillo shall maintain order and peace so that every good citizen in our nation may work to the betterment of themselves, and the country.
Expanded APRA Ban
Applying a gentle hand to try and rehabilitate moderates in APRA was a mistake, now it seems the only solution is to extend the ban, to solidify the safety of our nation.
Peru First
Creating a strong national identity is the first step towards ensuring that Peru does not fall into chaos once more, we will not allow any dissidents to undermine our rule.
Heir to the Virreynato
Under the return of the UR to power, Agüero has pledged to restore the old glory of the Virreynato to modern Peru.
Peruvian Militarism
The military plays a strong role in our nation, with a longstanding history. It is only natural to empower and renew this sense of militarism to better stand toe to toe in this modern age.
Knights of The New World
Our soldier, true Knights of justice and Christendom, now aspire for the monastic ideal of abstinence; for the battlefield is no place for frivolities!
Esplendor Imperial
Our imagery, our glory and our legacy inspire the common folk to join the armed forces.
Conquistador Legacy
We are the heirs of Pizarro, who vanquished hundreds of thousands of infidels armed only with his wit, faith and his loyal companions. Our army makes us proud and stronger in our faith.
Hispanidad Imperial
Our legacy, our history, it all leads up to the current day, where we must take a hold of our legacy and crush those who abandoned Christ in favour the Mark or Marx. All the enemies of the what is pure and good in Peru have their days numbered!
Trickle Down Tactics
By employing tactics that rely on empowering the wealthy in our nation, we will assuredly prosper off of their continued support.
Oil Expansion
Oil is a vital resource not only for our military but to trade abroad, by expanding the amount of oil we are able to produce, the more we will profit.
Dealing with APRA
We must act decisively and make a decision to tackle the issue of radicalised Aprists destablising our country.
Aprists Pacified
Having either applied a gentle hand or an iron fist towards the Aprist problem, our nation will thrive.
New Conservative Administration
Replacing the current cabinet with like-minded officials will go a long way in implementing our reforms.
Suppressing Caudillo Supporters
Besides the Aprists, there are many who look fondly upon our former Caudillo, Sánchez Cerro. This will not do, we must discourage his radical ideology and stamp out any of his diehard supporters.
Caudillo Supporters Dealt With
Having publicised Sánchez Cerro's atrocities and convinced many of the population of this disillusionment, we can finally reconstruct Peruvian democracy.
Welfare State Foundations
Turning our nation into that of a Welfare State will require a monumental effort by our administration. As such, we will be forced to reallocate many of our factories and funds, but the end result will be nothing short of paradise.
Empowered Trade Unions
The success of APRA has ushered in a commitment to empowering trade unions across the country.
Mariáteguism
Honouring the father of our now successful revolution, we shall fully implement his ideals within our new regime. Reactionary backlash and unrest in the army will be at a high, but that is merely a necessary evil that we will have to deal with until the country is secure.
Our Glorious Caudillo
Sánchez Cerro, the main orchestrator of our victory in Leticia and our saviour from socialism, has ruled over Peru with a steady hand for years surrounded by his brave followers from the Unión Revolucionaria party.
A New Caudillo
Jefe Nato de Perú
Youth Organisations
Radicalised APRA
Moderated APRA
Crushed APRA
Investments in Hospitals
Modern Drainage System
Secure Institutions
Educational Investment
Loyal Military
Revolutionary Ferocity
Recognised Indigenous Population
Indigenous History of Socialism
Socialist Army
Austerity Measures
Controlled Society
Corporatist Ethos
Strength through Continuity
Odría's Reforms
Guardia Montonera
Since Chile fell to the syndicalist revolution, a group of Arequipan veterans of the Pacific War and their sons formed armed patrols on the border to prevent syndicalist incursions and to help refugees.
Puka Runa
Establish the Puka Runa
We should establish the Puka Runa, as a way to educate our youth about the old ways of the Incans and prepare them to give their all for the country.
Proclaim Our Victory
It is not enough to contain ourselves to the core territories of Peru and Bolivia, for various neighbouring countries have held land belonging to us for decades. Now that we have reclaimed what was once taken from us, we are now truly the South American Hegemon.
Petition the Internationale
Black Monday Reaction
Disaster and panic! Our economy is nothing short of a wreck after Black Monday. Our government must act quickly and decisively if we want to prevent a total collapse of our country.
Intervene Decisively
The economy will not heal by itself, that much is certain. We will work with a very clear interventionist policy from now on, in order to ensure the wellbeing of Peru.
Industrial Renewal
Our industries are outdated and struggle to renew themselves under the weight of Black Monday, causing a severe industrial output deficit. Government intervention is needed if our industries are to thrive.
Import Substitution Effort
We shall work towards making sure that the goods we need are made in Peru, while using our commodities such as copper to pay for the transition. Such action, while risky, will pay off in the long run.
Construction Industry Effort
Our construction industry, still in its infancy, was decimated by Black Monday. We must redouble our efforts to keep it alive and well!
Consumer Goods Factories
During an economic crisis, the common people suffer the most. With their basic needs at risk, they become unproductive, angry and are more likely to rise in the name of disloyal internationalism. We must act quickly to prevent this.
Military Industrial Complex
The military industrial complex of our nation is in its very infancy, and mostly produces licences of outdated equipment. This situation has to change if we wish to defend our sovereignty.
Armament Industry Incentives
With a little nudge of government incentives, our industrialists can make sure our armies are as well equipped as any of our rivals'.
Infrastructure Investments
Our nation, cut by forest and mountain, often finds itself with logistic difficulties. We must ensure that the state machinery runs like a well oiled machine.
Fund Steel Mills
Steel is the lifeblood of any industrial economy. And with the troubled times we have before us, we will need as much steel as possible.
Infrastructure Effort
Now, the second phase of our infrastructure plan can begin. We will make sure that the major cities and army commands are well connected and that the roads and railroads are well maintained.
Expand Tungsten Mines
Let us expand our tungsten mines, digging deep and greedily until we can have an industry-supporting supply of that metal.
Extensive College Funding
Our formal education system is good for South American standards, but lags behind that of Europe. We must ensure that out government can support the scientific growth of our nation in the long term.
Port Renewal
Renewing our ports will be a great boon to our struggling economy, and more importantly ensure that our navies and armies are well supplied.
The Amazon Rubber Boom
Rubber's value will only increase as demand for tyres and other military supplies skyrockets with the inevitable war looming over Europe. We must ensure that we can tap in to those profits.
Expand Aluminium Mines
Our mines of aluminium are simply too small to support our heavy industries, especially the ones we have planned ahead for the future. We must ensure that Peru is tapping its mineral potential to its fullest capacity.
Full Economic Recovery
After so much effort and toil, Peru has, at last, recovered from the wounds left by Black Monday. Many doubted the capacity of our state and our people to tackle this challenge, but we have proved them wrong!
Heavy Industry Effort
Now we must spare no effort to expand and modernise our industry, for the end of this time of peace is fast approaching. We should remain on course and keep our economy in shape even in times of calm such as this.
Viva la Unión!
The Peru-Bolivian confederation was short lived when it was first founded in 1837. Neighbouring nations saw us a threat and forced us to separate us from our Bolivian brothers. A long time has passed since those events, yet we've never forgotten the bond that once kept us together. Today, we have decided that the time is right to finally unite again with our brothers!
Onwards Together
We have always been close to our Bolivian brothers. We were both colonies of Spain, we both were freed by the same heroes and we both have stood side by side many times in our history. Provided this, we can safely say that as long as we stand shoulder to shoulder in union, we will be able to face any foe, no matter how mighty, and solve any problem, no matter how daunting it might be.
A Union of True Equals
Other 'Confederations' in the world, like the Austro-Hungarian Empire, speak a lot of equality in theory yet very little of it is actually seen in practice. We don't want to be like them, and as such we will guarantee that every citizen within the Peru-Bolivian Confederation will have the same rights and responsibilities, independently of whether they were born in either of those now defunct countries.
Consolidate our State
Creating a confederation is no small task. The previous apparatus of state that Peru and Bolivia had have to be adjusted, coordinated and refounded in order to not only resemble the old institutions they once had, but to improve upon them and create an even better society.
Liberate Bolivia
Bolivia's government has very obviously lost their way, and a group of concerned citizens have formed a government-in-exile in Lima and are lobbying for a military intervention! Given how unstable the country is, the international community and our neighbours would not be alarmed by such act of aggression.
Pooled Officer Corps
Bolivia and Peru have many war veterans, with different experiences and views on warfare. If we were to pool our officer corps, we could achieve better results in battle drawing from their experience.
Integrated Industrial Economy
With the Andean Common Market in full swing, we can now start to work with a true Peru-Bolivian economy, and adapt state incentives and tariffs accordingly.
Army of the Union
The Union had until now two separate army branches; merging them is necessary to ensure our safety, and that of our Bolivian brothers. Such an act will not be poorly seen, since for the common soldier of Bolivia, their officers and structure were synonymous with incompetence.
Scientific Exchange Programme
The biggest universities of Peru and Bolivia have already started to work together, and perhaps the same principle could be applied to more... practical concerns of the Union.
Federated Administration
The administration of our Confederation is, essentially, non existent as of now. Let us establish a Confederation Cabinet in Lima, with representatives from both parts of our Union.
Formalise the Union Constitution
Our confederation has somewhat flimsy legal institutions at a national level, but that should be changed if we are to convert it into a modern nation state.
Claims of the Confederation
We must reinforce that we are a successor state to Bolivia, and thus we lay claim to all former Bolivian territory, even those parts we do not occupy.
Claims on the Amazon
According to the Treaty of Madrid, the Amazon belonged to the Viceroyalty of Peru. Brazilian land thieves and Colombian brigands have for too long stood in the way of our rightful lands!
Recover Acre
Through admittedly clever diplomatic manoeuvring, Brazil stole Acre from Bolivia in the turn of the century. However, this will not stand, Acre and the rubber it contains are integral parts of the Confederation.
Reclaim Arica and Antofagasta
Chile stole so much from Peru when we were defeated in the War of the Pacific. We fought them together and lost, but now, the time has come to reclaim what is ours, peacefully... or otherwise
Reclaim El Chaco
The Chaco, where this whole mess began. The Argentinian dogs, backed by their Paraguayan lackeys, stole so much land that is Bolivian since colonial times, it's a terrible outrage! But such mistakes can be fixed, and no enemy can stand the combined might of our Nations!
A Modern Military
Peru's military is indeed capable of crushing that of all our neighbours; but that doesn't mean that it's modern in any way. A modernisation programme for our military structure may be risky, but the rewards would far outweigh said risks.
Reorganised General Staff
Our General staff, victorious in border clashed with Colombia and in keeping our nation safe, is old and still clings to outdated ideas of war. They might be products of the past century, but we are about to prove that old dogs do learn new tricks.
Logistics and Army Communications
A modern army must be flexible and use new technologies and innovations. Chief among those for military use is the Radio, but also computers to cipher our communications, and Radars to watch the skies above and keep our boys on the ground safe.
Re-Arm our Regiments
Despite our élan and tactical skill, our boots on the ground still have fairly outdated equipment. In fact, for many, even their own clothes are either old or rentals! We must make sure our army is refitted to a higher standard of quality.
Support Battalion Drills
Gone by are the days where sheer numbers would win wars. Now, even the smallest specialist brigade can mean the difference between a resounding victory and an utter defeat.
Tank Experiments
Tanks are a still somewhat new invention, and some still doubt their true potential. We do have some officers who don't, and they request our support to make sure our armoured corps are a well oiled machine of conquest!
Militarist Lobbying
Our industrialists are now actively lobbying the government for an increased defence budget. Perhaps, if we were to listen to their proposals, we could get better deals and ensure our forces are well supplied.
Production Effort
With their interests defended, our nation's military and industrialists now can fully realise the potential of their alliance and make sure our army never runs out of fresh supplies.
Hegemon of the Andes
Our army truly dwarfs that of our neighbours, and we know it. They know it. Everybody knows it.
Mountaineer Brigades
It's not difficult to train mountaineers in Peru, the mighty Andes Mountains are the defining feature of our geography! We must, however, ensure that their training is in par with those of the Great Powers, to ensure our safety.
Parachute Training
It's one thing to teach a man how to use a parachute. It's another entirely to do so to thousands of men, and make sure that they are always combat ready after landing!
Coastal Operations
The nature of the Pacific coast of South America makes conventional invasions a difficult matter, especially in Chile. Perhaps a better option would be to use our control of the seas and enact amphibious invasions of strategic points along the coastline.
An Army of Movement
Some military experts say that Modern War is going to be about fast encircling actions and mechanised pincers, and full integration between land and air forces. The officers who support this notion have asked us to officially support their plans to revise our strategic and tactical directives.
Mechanisation & Mobility
A key aspect of the doctrine we will adopt will be the fast moving forces that will ensure our victory. And no, we can't use horses, so we'll need a fully mechanised, combat ready infantry force.
Fast Offensives
Our armies will strike in quick and decisive fashion; forced march drills and driving shift training are now among the standard army exercises. Only by outmanoeuvring our foes we can truly ensure victory.
Localised Pushes
A key aspect to modern war are encirclements. Such encirclements are done by surrounding an enemy force with small forces, or pincers, while the main army prevents them from retreating. We must be sure our capacity to actually capitalise on openings and to perform armoured spearheads is indeed as good it could possibly be.
Operational Integrity
Some military experts say that Modern War is going to be about grand encircling actions on a strategic level, and careful logistics planning. The officers who support this notion have asked us to officially support their plans to revise our strategic and tactical directives
Flexible Battleline Planning
No battleplan survives contact with the enemy, and flexibility and adaptability will be key if our offensives are to succeed.
Offensive Planning Focus
A good plan is a plan that takes into accounts all factors, including the less obvious ones. Making sure our officers know battleplans are a complex matter that must be carefully studied will take effort, but will improve our army's combat efficiency.
Stop Enemy Pincers
Although tanks are not as common sight in South America, that fact only makes it more likely that enemy spearheads will be armoured, since they will spare no effort for their success. Thus, we must be prepared with state of the art Anti Tank equipment.
Peruvian High Admiralty
Our navy has its issues, but it's a source of pride no doubt. If we are to keep our largest cities safe, we must control the seas, and our High Admirals request government intervention to improve the situation of the Peruvian navy.
Submarine Hunters
Small, fast ships will ensure that our civilian and capital ships are safe from cowardly U-Boat offensives.
Submarine Renewal
Our submarines are, well, pretty much museum pieces. Not much can be done to sugarcoat how vastly outdated these ships are. A renewal is sorely needed.
Dockyard Renewal
Our docks and ports are not fit for a true navy, and cannot even dream of working with modern efficiency. We must change this.
Shipyard Investments
We now can heavily invest in shipyards and naval manufacturers, so the reforging of the Peruvian navy can truly begin now!
The Pacific Armada
It's high time we establish a true Pacific Armada, so our navy can become a true power in this vast ocean.
Flagship Effort
While submarines and destroyers are more than sufficient for our coast guard needs, if we are to win a war against a significant power such as Chile or Argentina, we must have a true flagship, one that will smash our enemies and inspire awe in our sailors.
Andean Skies
Flying between high mountains and strong wind currents is no mean feat, and our pilots are rightfully proud of their skills. But our planes are old, and our tactics, outdated
New Fighter Models
Keeping control of the skies will be fundamental for war to be successfully waged in the future. Our command over the skies of the Andes is currently absolute, but for how long if we become complacent?
New Bomber Models
Making sure we can take the fight to our enemy is the charge of our Bomber Squads, but they request newer models that can unleash larger payloads and move faster.
Dive Bomb Training
Close air support bombing is dangerous business, and without proper training it can take both the pilot and the aircraft from us
Aerial Drills
Practice makes perfect, and our air force is nearing that point with constant drills and combat exercises. We will rule the skies!
Dealing with Political Chaos
The assassination of the president; the chaos in the government, the Leguía regime, the war with Colombia. So much has happened in the last few years, and many worry for the future of Peru. We must now focus on restoring stability, law and order back to our country.
Extend the APRA Ban
The APRA was supposed to be a moderate option for those of left leaning views in Peru; however, they shamed themselves and the nation with their vile and rabid socialist doctrine. We could extend the terms of the APRA ban and purge it of its most radical leaders, while extending an olive branch to party members whose loyalties lie with Peru, and not the Internationale.
Clamp Down on APRA
For too long have we let the APRA scum ravage our country uncontrolled, we have to double down our efforts to stop their transgressions against the regime.
Peru First
Now with APRA out of the way, we can finally heal the wounds of our country and focus on what lies ahead, together, as one people.
Make Promises of Elections
In times of chaos, it's better to appease the population than to make yourself even more enemies. By promising elections, we can at least get the republicans to be quiet while we deal with the real issues.
Help the Working Class
The working classes have greatly suffered under the political chaos and the continuing economic depression. If we wish to avoid a revolution, we should help the workers before APRA promise them anything.
Expand the Industry of Lima
Lima is the cultural, political, and economic centre of Peru. We should increase our funding for the local industrial development projects so that the heart of our nation continues to beat on.
Weather the Storm
The last years were some of the most chaotic in our political history, but it seems that we have survived the worst. From now on, it will only become better for our glorious country, Peru.
Ban all Parties
Why do we need parties to tell us what we can and can't do? It's for the better of our nation if the government doesn't always have to listen to those annoying parliamentarians and political celebrities who disagree with our policies.
A New Caudillo
Many people look up to what [PRU.GetLeader] does, despite the fact that the title '[PRU_new_caudillo_title]' fits well with his actions. [PRU.GetLeader] has decided that he, as [PRU_new_caudillo_title], will lead Peru to greatness!
Hunt Down Socialists
The Socialists are the enemies of our proud nation, of our proud people and... mostly of our government. We need to destroy them before they ever get a chance to damage our power.
Promote Individualism
Socialism always speaks of collectivisation, of unions and communes. We need to teach our population that the exact opposite is the best path: Individualism.
Hechos y no Palabras
Our government has once again rendered Peru a stable nation, so now it's time to render Peru a developed nation. New state projects shall be put into place to develop the industrial capacity of our glorious nation, that's why our government will adopt the motto 'Deeds, not words'.
Create Youth Organisations
Many Teenagers in our society walk their life without any clear goals and objectives for themselves, which leads them to feel attracted to radical causes that give their life meaning. We shall take steps to revert this by creating Youth Organisations, with the goal of giving our country's youth a new sense of purpose in our society.
El Nuevo Castilla
Under the strong and benevolent hand of the government, Peru has once again become a stable, strong, and proud nation. A golden age of stability has arrived in Peru that shall last forever into the future.
The Peruvian Brotherhood
Our coming to power will be remembered as the day Peru got rid of ineffective plutocrats and idol worshippers who abandoned Christ. Forever to be honoured will be those who died in the transition, and now we look ahead, to a bright future!
Militarist Supremacy
Our army saved us when Democracy failed us, just like it saved Peru when diplomacy with Spain failed. Our military has a glorious legacy harkening back to Visigoth Warriors of the Faith, all the way to our generation. Such a mighty legacy cannot go unrecognised.
Imperial Legacy
We now establish ourselves, not as a feeble republic, but as a true Empire, in the old sense of the word. Not a King, for these lands have no kings but heathens, but our Leader will guide us. Imperial regalia and standards will replace those symbols of weakness we once flew as flags and wore as badges.
Unity through Faith
God grants us strength, even when we are at our darkest points in life. Our leader himself was once in exile, for he could not bear to see the weakness of Peru. But he found strength in God and Faith, and his example shines brightly to all Peruvians.
The Knights of Peru
Our soldiers are true knights of justice and Christendom, like the Knights who freed Iberia from Moorish rule, defended the Mediterranean from pirates, and saved Europe from the Mahhomettan hordes at Lepanto. Their legacy honours us and inspires us, to abstinence, temperance and resilience.
Extensive Clergy Support
The Catholic Church recognises our efforts to bring Peru back to the true path, albeit silently. Let us convince them to do so openly and clearly, so all can see how our power is legitimate, invested to us by God and His Church.
Arrest Traitors
Even now, as national salvation is nearly at hand, godless syndicalist scum are attempting to indoctrinate our loyal Native population. Such horrendous actions are deplorable, and as of today... highly illegal, and subject to capital punishment!
Cutting the Weed
The world is sick; the name of its disease is Socialism, although the Syndie scum and other reds like fancy names, as if their atheist ideologies are deserving of titles! And the cure, well, we are the cure. Birthing Pains to the new Peru will be inevitable, but the old must fall if the new is to be rebuilt.
Knightly Brotherhoods
An idle mind is an invitation to sin. But many young men wish to help our Land and our Faith by making good use of their vigour to make sure the message to Reds and Kleptocrats is clear; You are not welcome in Peru.
Corporatist Reforms
The popularity of sinful ideologies is naturally a symptom of unemployment, especially among the Natives who have forgotten the natural order of things and demand equality from us, the ones who Conquered the and saved their souls. If we are to survive the red tide, we must ensure all are working for the good of Peru.
The Glory of the New World
If we are to truly honour the legacy of our ancestors and our Faith, we must ensure our army is well trained and equipped; it must be The Glory of the New World!
Conquistador Heritage
We are the heirs of Pizarro, who vanquished hundreds of thousands of infidels armed only with his wit, faith and his loyal companions. Our army makes us proud and stronger in our faith.
The Caudillo is Dead!
Jose de la Riva Agüero y Osma has unfortunately passed away due to a stroke while he slept. His death fills us with grief, but we cannot allow ourselves to mourn his death yet, as the vacuum of power his death has created has created a scramble for power from different caudillos, and only one will lead our country.
Caudillo Flores
Luis Alberto Flores Medina has won the power struggle! A staunch nationalist with corporatist and totalitarian views, he shall lead our country towards a better future!
Caudillo Ureta
Eloy Ureta Montehermoso has won the power struggle! A military man, he seeks to instill military discipline as well as the love for Peru in our society. He shall lead our country towards a better future!
Purge our Rivals
Now that we have secured power, we need to consolidate our position. The easiest way to achieve this is to purge our rivals by declaring them enemies of the state and imprisoning them. Many people will criticise this action, but we consider it necessary.
Tear Aguerism Down
Agüero had built a whole personality cult around his image. Now that we're in power, this cult has become nothing but a hindrance. We shall begin nation-wide effort to tear the remnants of Agüerist propaganda down.
Absolute Control
While our society understands the reasons behind much-needed changes, the means are still feared. Not any more! Our great Caudillo will transform the nation nonetheless. Our people have nothing to hide, and nothing to fear, as new measures of absolute control over their lives will be implemented immediately. Their moral appearance, their businesses, and their contacts with foreigners will be monitored and adjusted by the clergy and military, if necessary.
Our biggest income comes from the profits of our national industries. It's in our best interest to keep these friendly industrialist on our side by granting them more operational freedom within our state in exchange for their loyalty.
Maintain Aguerism
Agüero was a great man, and he's the reason we're in power nowadays. We shall forever remember his deeds, and as such we shall maintain the personality cult he build, and if possible extend it in our benefit.
Peru is not a nation of huge armies or huge resources, but we are a nation of huge determination! We shall take advantage of the willpower of our people in order to make our country strong.
Caudillo Miro Quesada
Carlos Miro Quesada has won the power struggle! His vision of Peru is the same that Agüero had in the past, so this will mean a perpetuation of the status quo. Nevertheless, Agüero had already set up our path, and Miro Quesada shall be the one who will lead us through it towards greatness!
Revolución Restauradora
The General Manuel A. Odria has grown tired of the power struggle that ensued Agüero's death and he has taken matters into his own hands. Declaring a 'Restorative Revolution', he rose up against the government leading the Arequipa Garrison and has managed to secure power in Lima. He shall be the one to lead us to greatness!
Send our Rivals away for Reeducation
While we have secured our power, there are plenty of detractors of our takeover. We shall not stand for such insolence! We shall open 'reeducation camps' for our rivals to see the truth, and begin an all-out hunt for those who dare spread lies of our government.
Liberalise the Market
Previous governments in Peru made the terrible mistake of trying to control the economy. While this provides certain stability, it risks scaring foreign investment and handicapping our own medium-to-small businesses. If prosperity is ever to come to our great nation, we need to take steps in order to liberalise the market.
Welfare for the People
The citizens in our country have suffered our mistakes for too long without any reward for their efforts. This injustice is what pushes them to join radical associations, and we cannot afford to strengthen our enemies. We shall begin an ambitious plan of social welfare, in the hopes of improving the livelihood of our populace, and by extension, weaken our detractors.
Our Fragile Democracy
Our democracy isn't very stable... far from it even. Nonetheless, our democratic institutions have survived the largest test of them all yet, the recent election.
Strive for Progress
El Frente Nacional has won the recent elections and it's now their turn to reform Peru. Supporters of the free market and liberal reforms, Peru will must certainly experienced a large liberalisation of the society during their reign.
Embrace the Free Market
El Frente Nacional is a strong supporter of the free market and a truly capitalist economy. In order to get started on the economic reforms, tariffs should be dropped and foreign investment should be encouraged.
Attract Foreign Investments
Our neighbours have reacted to the recent economic downturn by turning towards protectionism and government intervention. We Peruvians know better than them, and shall begin a series of tax breaks and industrial grants in order to attract foreign capital to our country, and that way increase our prosperity.
Trickle Down Economics
The wealth of the rich will always benefit the poor. By lowering taxation on the wealthy, they will invest more into our economy and the entire population will benefit from a strong economy.
Diversify our Oil Industry
Our country has been blessed with plenty of deposits of the so called 'black gold'. While this has been a great economic boon for many years, we should try to be less reliant on its profits. We've deviced an ambitious diversification project where we intend to fund new refineries and begin synthetic production of rubber and oil derivatives.
Invest in Cutting Edge Manufacturing
In order to be competitive on the world market, your products need to either be cheap or of high quality. By updating and improving our manufacturing sector, we will ensure that our products will remain competitive in the world market.
Instate Austerity Measures
We need to cut-off our spending to the minimum if we want to take advantage of the economic prosperity we've generated. This way we shall increase our government's savings and improve the value of our currency by having more wealth to back up its value.
Deal with the Socialists
The people have chosen us to restore stability to the nation. This stability is being threatened by the APRA ('Alianza Popular Revolucionaria Americana') and its damned socialists. Our objective is clear, but not how we should proceed towards it.
Crack Down on APRA
We can't trust those damn socialists. A crackdown of their activities will begin immediately lest they destabilise our society and overthrow our rightful government in favour of one who shares their dangerous ideals.
Negotiate with APRA
The socialists inside the APRA are Peruvians too, with valid concerns about our administration. While we may have our differences, that doesn't mean we can't find a compromise. We shall call a negotiation with them in hopes of maintaining peace and stability.
Pacified the Radicals
With our recent actions, we have managed to end the influence of radical ideologies in our society. This is a great day for Peru and its inhabitants.
Face the Perils of Our Time
We have been chosen by the people to weather the incoming storm that approaches our country. It's now our duty to face the perils of our time and justify their trust on us.
New Civilista Administration
We shall restaff our administration with new lawyers and statist in order to have the best possible cabinet for our future reforms.
Invest in Medical Care
The Peruvian people is in dire need of medical care in these troubled times, yet medical care is expensive in our country. We shall take their burden unto ourselves by beginning an ambitious plan of medical care investments that will hopefully help the people get better treatment.
Expand the Urban Drainage Systems
While our cities have already huge drainage systems, urbanisation throughout the years has surpassed what our infrastructure could support. We are now faced with the task of expanding and improving our drainage systems in our main cities, with the hopes of sparing future investments and improve the livelihood of those new neighbourhoods where our previous drainage system hadn't reached.
Fulfilling Peruvians' Basic Needs
Our people has been struggling to survive ever since Black Monday hit our country. We shall end this struggle by subsidising basic products in order to drive their prices down and help the people who have dire need of them.
Focus on Public Works
Our country is vast and there's always a new road to build, a new park to construct and new avenues to inaugurate. We shall focus on speeding up the construction of existing work and begin new projects with hopes of improving the national infrastructure, and by extension, the quality of life of our citizens.
Safeguarding our Institutions
Many people within our society seem willing to undermine our society's institutions for their own benefit. We shall install safeguards for our institutions in order to protect them from tyrants and revolutionaries alike.
Suppress the Memory of the Caudillo
Sánchez Cerro has become a polarised image, with the radical right reclaiming honouring his deeds and the radical left denouncing his abuses. His presence in the popular conscience has to disappear if we are to restore some semblance of order to our nation!
Publicise Atrocities
The Caudillo made many atrocities against our people. In order to win over the populace and discredit his defenders, we shall begin a massive propaganda campaign showing his multiple crimes. While some will accuse us of smearing his image, we believe that the truth is strong enough to defend itself.
Encourage Pluralism
The mistake of previous the previous administration was the centralisation of power. In that situation, only once voice was heard, the one of the Caudillo. We will make sure to promote pluralism, so that everyone within our country will have a place in which to voice their concerns.
Crushed the Cult of the Caudillo
While the Caudillo was alive, he built around himself a notable cult of personality by twisting the truth for his own benefit. We shall dispell with these 'facts' and 'truths' with real information about the events surrounding his image.
A Country for its People
Peru has had for a long time a dominating oligarchy that has harmed its populace. Now we have been chosen by the people to return the power they once took from us back to the people of this country.
Peruvian Economic Solidarity
Many countries pride themselves with their economic wealth and prosperity, but we Peruvians know what's truly important. We shall encourage solidarity amongst our people in this times of crisis.
Social Democratic Patriotism
Social democrats are not commonly know for showing off their patriotism, but in Peru, we are proud to be Peruvians and we are not afraid to show it! We shall celebrate fitting parades for our national celebrations and instil in our people the love for this country.
Care for the Common Man
Our rule shall be just as long as every citizen feels cared for in our country. We have a long path ahead of us, but we believe it is possible to help the common man have a better life.
Invest in Education
Our youth is our most important asset. As such, we have to focus on improving their education, so that tomorrow we will have some of the best workers and professionals of the world!
Schachtian Economics in Peru
The German economist, Hjalmar Schacht, has made some really interesting contributions to economic theory, stating that through public investment and having a balanced budget, and economy can thrive. We shall follow his teachings and turn Peru into a both prosperous and caring nation.
Social Democracy over Syndicalism
Many within our country doubted we'd be able to bring welfare into our country without having a Socialist revolution. We have proved them wrong, and we have proven that through diplomacy and persistance, any objective can be achieved, even those who seem impossible.
La Revolución Peruana
The Peruvian revolution is finally here! Now the time has come for us to choose which revolutionary faction shall lead the charge against the oligarchs control of our country.
Aprist Victory
APRA shall lead the revolution! Haya's ideals of 'Indo-Américanism' shall be the way forward.
Peruvian Trade Unionism
With the revolution comes a new way of democracy: Trade Unions. We shall begin an expansion of the trade union's power and begin a democratisation of the workplace, so that every worker in our nation will have a voice in our society!
Commit to the World Revolution
Now that we've been freed from the bourgeoisie's corruption, we shall contact our European brothers in arms and commit ourselves to the world revolution.
Secure Military Loyalty
The Military has been a reactionary force in our country for many years and without their loyalty, our regime will be short-lived. If we want to move forward as a society without the fear of counter-revolution, we need to secure their loyalty.
Establish Autonomous Syndicalist Communes
Now that we have secured our position and reduced the chances of counter-revolution, we have to begin the reforms we have promoted for so long. We will begin the establishment of autonomous syndicalist communes within our country, so that our workers can help themselves and each other without our government directly being involved in their revolutionary activity.
Teachings of Amauta
José Carlos Mariategui, better known as 'El Amauta', was the great ideological father of our revolutionary ideals and philosophy. His analysis of Peru's history proved that the Incas had a more revolutionary society that was crushed under the feudalist oppression of the Spanish. The time has come for us to realise the dream of the Hanan Amauta and eliminate the criollos who pillaged our country!
Break the Power of the Landowners
Whatever our views are, our objective is clear: The liberation of the workers in Peru. Provided this, we have identified the internal enemies of our state: The landowners and the bourgeoisie. We shall start with the former and wrestle away their power so that they can never again oppress the Peruvian worker!
End the Last Bourgeois Vestiges
After the forced collectivisation and expropriation of land from the landowners, we still have a few industrialists and merchants who haven't embraced the revolution. We shall deal with these last bourgeois remnants swiftly once and for all.
A New Order for Peru
Now that we have deconstructed the hierarchies of old, we have to rebuild our nation from the ground up, and set up a new order in Peru. We shall rebuild our society but it shall never resemble the oppressive order our country once had!
Tupacamarist Dominance
While the general idea of Syndicalism is correct, it's a European idea, and we have failed for centuries by emulating their way of thinking. We shall take a radical downturn and adapt these ideals to the Inca culture, and adopt the old Inca national figure Tupac Amaru II as a figurehead for our movement.
Indigenous Restoration
The Incas were not a unified people when they built their empire. It was a nation that held many tribes within it, just like we do today. However, the reactionary governments of Peru made the terrible mistake of sidelining these natives. We shall rectify this mistake and restore our multicultural nation back to its roots.
Dyeing the Inca Red
To continue our restoration, we will have to twist Peruvian history. While we may resemble the spirit of rebellion Tupac Amaru II once had, he fought for a system that resembled more autocracy than our revolutionary ideals. However, with clever propaganda we can disguise these differences, and take advantage of his popularity and turn him into an early hero of the revolution.
A New Army for the Puka Runa
The Army of old was a reactionary force in our country, and as such, we cannot forgive their oppression to the working man by suppressing our revolution. We shall create a new army from scratch, where every man shall swear loyalty to the revolution and to Tupac Amaru's Ideals.
Legacy of Túpac Amaru
Túpac Amaru had risen up against the foreign Spanish oppression in the name of his fellow Incas. Like him, we have risen up against the oppressive Oligarchy and their bourgeois lackeys in the name of our fellow workers. His act of rebellion is an inspiration for us, and shall be credited for our successful rise.
Revolution Secured!
After performing some much needed reforms, we have managed to consolidate our power, and the average Peruvian has accepted us as their legitimate government. With this, the Revolution stands safe from counter-revolutionary forces, and we can finally look outwards with pride of our achievements.
PS
Partido Socialdemócrata (Social Democrat Party)
AR
Acción Republicana (Republican Action)
UR
Unión Revolucionaria (Revolutionary Union)
Linea dura del Ejercito
Linea dura del Ejercito (Army Hardliners)
HP
Hermandad Peruana (Peruvian Brotherhood)
FN
El Frente Nacional (National Front)
FN
El Frente Nacional (National Front)
APRA
Alianza Popular Revolucionaria Americana (Popular Revolutionary Alliance of America)
CGTP
Confederación General de Trabajadores del Perú (Workers' General Confederation of Peru)
PSP
Partido Socialista Peruano (Peruvian Socialist Party)
§RNational Spirits under this tree will be lost should our government change drastically.§!
Caudillo
Jefe Nato de Perú (Natural Leader of Peru)
GFX_PRU_intro
Peru in 1936
Although factually independent since 1821, Spain recognised the autonomy of her former colony not until 1871 when a peace between the countries was struck after a conflict of the two countries over the Chinchain Islands. An alliance with Bolivia drew the country from 1879 to 1883 in a border conflict between Chile and Bolivia in the Atacama Desert (Saltpetre War). During the war Peru lost her provinces of Tarapacá, Arica, and Tacna. British and U.S. financial circles exploited the opportunity, stripping the weakened Peruvian state of their state railroad, nullifying Peru's debts in exchange.\n\nAfter the Weltkrieg, Peru's democracy was threatened by the coup of Augusto Leguía in 1919. While the APRA was forming in 1924 in Mexico, Leguía's government was put to the test by the Wall Street Crash of 1925. After 11 months of failed reforms to combat the crisis, riots started, made up by workers with Aprist support. Fearing a socialist revolution, the military stepped in and overthrew Leguía, led by lieutenant colonel Luis Miguel Sánchez Cerro. Leguía was judged and executed for various crimes against the Peruvian state 4 months later.\n\nSánchez Cerro was initially not well received, but events in 1929 and 1930 propelled his popularity: putting down an Aprist revolt and winning a war against Colombia. As his party, the Unión Revolucionaria, continues to cement its rule, the democratic parties constantly lobbying for elections, and the Aprists waiting for their chance, what will happen to Peru?
§MLinea dura del Ejercito§! — §MSánchez Cerro§! / §MBenavides§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot After the assassination attempt on Sánchez Cerro, have him survive to keep him as your leader.\n£white_dot Or, have him die and have Benavides be even harsher to quell all opposing voices!\n£white_dot When the Aprist Revolution breaks out, have the army crush it.\n\n§MAPRA§! / §MSocialistas§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$ / $totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot After the assassination attempt on Sánchez Cerro, have him survive.\n£white_dot Or, have Sánchez Cerro die and have Benavides be even harsher to quell all opposing voices!\n£white_dot When the Aprist Revolution breaks out, have it miraculously win.\n£white_dot In the succeeding power struggle, favour the §RAPRA§! to stay radical socialist or the §oTupacamarists§! to become Totalist.\n£white_dot The Aprist will also rise up if elections were held and the §nHermandad Peruana§! were victorious.\n\n§MAcción Republicana§! / §MEl Frente Nacional§! / §MPartido Socialdemócrata§! ($social_conservative_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot After the assassination attempt on Sánchez Cerro, have him die and have Benavides prepare for elections.\n\n§MHermandad Peruana§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot After the assassination attempt on Sánchez Cerro, have him die and have Benavides prepare for elections.\n£white_dot In the election a month later, elect the §nHermandad Peruana§!. Elections will no longer be held.\n£white_dot When the Aprist Revolution breaks out, have the army crush it.\n£white_dot Castillo Riva-Agüero will pass away in 1947. His successor is chosen by focus. If Flores succeeds him, the state of Tawantinsuyu will rise up in a civil war.
Peru
Peruvian
Peru
Popular Republic of Piruw
Piruwanu
the Popular Republic of Piruw
Popular Republic of Peru
the Popular Republic of Peru
Aprist Republic of Peru
the Aprist Republic of Peru
Tawantinsuyu
Tawantinsuyun
Tawantinsuyu
Peru-Bolivia
Peru-Bolivian
Peru-Bolivia
Andean Popular Confederation
Andean
the Andean Popular Confederation
Andean Popular Confederation
Andean
the Andean Popular Confederation
Andean Aprist Confederation
Andean
the Andean Aprist Confederation
Peru-Bolivian Confederation
the Peru-Bolivian Confederation
Peru-Bolivian Confederation
the Peru-Bolivian Confederation
Peru-Bolivian Confederation
the Peru-Bolivian Confederation
Peru-Bolivian Confederation
the Peru-Bolivian Confederation
Peru-Bolivian Confederation
the Peru-Bolivian Confederation
Peru-Bolivian Confederation
the Peru-Bolivian Confederation
Peru-Bolivian Confederation
the Peru-Bolivian Confederation
Gamaliel Churata
§YBorn:§! §LJune 19th, 1897, in Arequipa, Department of Arequipa, Peruvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGamaliel Churata, whose real name is Arturo Pablo Peralta Miranda, formed several culturalist groups in his youth, through which he met Manuel González Prada, Raul Haya de la Torre, and most importantly, José Carlos Mariategui, who would become a close friend of Churata. He was exiled to Bolivia in 1917, but would return to Perú in 1925, joining up Mariategui in Moquegua as the first group of left-wing indigenist thinkers was formed. When Mariategui finally died in 1930 in Chile, Churata was appointed by his friend in his dying wishes as the leader of the 'Frente Tupacamarista'. In his new role as leader, he'd later gather in 1931 with Raul Haya de la Torre and Alfredo González Prada in order to form a United Front from which bring about the Peruvian revolution. Now that Churata leads Perú, he'll focus on restoring the Andean cultural identity and purge the Spanish-descendant bourgeoisie from the government, bringing about a new culture and society for the now new country of Piruw.§!
Victor Raúl Haya de la Torre
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 22nd, 1895, in Trujillo, Department of La Libertad, Peruvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LVíctor Raúl Haya de la Torre signed up for the 'Facultad de Letras de la Universidad de Trujillo' when he finished high-school, but would later decide to study to become a Lawyer in the 'Universidad Mayor de San Marcos' in Lima. There he met Manuel González Prada, whose anarchist thoughts influenced the young Raul. He joined several protests against the Leguía regime, which would decide to get rid of him by granting him a scholarship to France. However, this move would backfire on Leguía, as the revolutions in Europe would influence young Raul and his friend, Mariategui, towards Syndicalist ideals.\n\nHe would go to Mexico in 1924, and with other Peruvian syndicalist exiles formed the 'Alianza Popular Revolucionaria Americana' or 'APRA'. The APRA would focus on pan-Americanism (or as Raul liked to call it, 'Indo-Americanism') and fighting imperialism and the bourgeois oligarchy that had settled in the continent. He'd return to Perú in 1925, settling in the north of the country with his fellow Apristas. In 1929, Raul led the Trujillo takeover, when APRA forces took over the city and proclaimed a Trujillan commune that would be lead by Raul, and executing the local garrison. When the revolt was crushed, he managed to escape to Chile, where he'd join forces with Churata and González Prada in order to strengthen the APRA for a new revolution in 1931.\n\nNow that Raul Haya de la Torre leads Perú, he'll bring about his dream of a worker's utopia for Perú, whatever the cost may be.§!
Eudocio Ravines Pérez
§YBorn:§! §LMay 9th, 1897, in Cajamarca, Department of Cajamarca, Peruvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEudocio Ravines belongs to the same generation of socialists as Víctor Raúl Haya de la Torre and José Carlos Mariátegui. After losing his father early, the burden of his upbringing fell on his mother and uncle Belisario Ravines, a hero of the War of the Pacific and former prefect of Cajamarca during the reign of Nicolás de Piérola. In 1914 Belisario was a major figure in the Llaucán Massacre, where he ordered the killing of between 200 and 400 protesting hacienda workers against rent increases. This incident left a strong impression on the young Eudocio. In March 1917 he moved to Lima, where, thanks to a friend of his uncle, he found a comfortable job allowing him to devote his evenings to reading and self-education. In 1919 he began to earn enough to move his mother and sisters to the capital.\n\nHe entered into politics in 1923, when, after organising a strike, he was arrested and expelled from the country. In exile he met Víctor Raúl Haya de la Torre and became one of the founders of the APRA. In 1928 he moved to Paris, where he was inspired by the ideology of the French syndicalists and soon broke with the APRA. He devoted the following years to the promotion of this ideology, often having acrimonious arguments with loyal supporters of the APRA or Churata.§!
Luis Antonio Eguiguren Escudero
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 21st, 1887, in Piura, Department of Piura, Peruvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLuis Antonio Eguiguren graduated as bachelor in literature and jurisprudence in 1913 and in Political Science and Administration in 1914. In 1930 he became the Mayor of Lima, but resigned a year later after discrepancies regarding the autonomy of the city's Instruction ministry, and his differences regarding Sánchez Cerro's Autocratic rule. He left to Ecuador in a self-imposed exile after death-threats towards his family from radical HP members, only to return after Sánchez Cerro gave signs of wanting to restore democracy to Perú, where the contacts he had gained him a place in the Partido Social Demócrata. Now that he's President of Perú, he'll do his best to bring peacefully a welfare-system into Perú, trying to compromise with the APRA and the other democratic parties wherever possible.§!
Jorge Prado y Ugarteche
§YBorn:§! §LMay 13th, 1887, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJorge Prado Ugarteche is the son of Mariano Ignacio Prado, who was President of Perú twice in his life, Jorge studied in Law in the 'Universidad de San Marcos' from 1904 to 1909, and then joined the military academy after graduating, becoming lieutenant by 1914. He joined with his brothers to the Partido Civil in 1914, where they helped in the coup d'état that overthrew President Billinghurst. He would later become deputy for the Dos de Mayo province, but would be exiled with his brothers for opposing Leguía's regime.\n\nJorge began a reform to free political prisoners and recall political exiles that were punished by Sánchez Cerro and Leguía's regimes. However, Ugarteche would be forced to resign due to internal pressure, and Jose de la Riva Agüero would take his place, reinstating the hardline policies against detractors of the regime. Disillusioned with Sánchez Cerro regime, he formed the El Frente Nacional with the support of his brothers. Now that Jorge has managed to become President, his belief in the free-market and pro-Entente leanings will surely lead to a liberalisation of the Peruvian economy, ushering in a new era of economic prosperity to the nation.§!
Manuel Vicente Villarán Godoy
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 18th, 1873, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LManuel Vicente Villarán Godoy graduated with a PhD in jurisprudence in 1895 from the 'Universidad San Marcos'. He became a teacher in that same university and would return to his educative role many times during his political career. He was named Minister of Justice, Cult and Instruction during President Leguía's first regime, and would become an active member of Peruvian politics until Leguía's coup in 1919. He was chosen as Principal for the San Marcos University, but rejected his position in protest of Leguía's takeover, and began writing three Manifestos, all of them praising the youthful fighting spirit of his students and warning of the danger that entailed having a Caudillo leading Perú. He was exiled in 1925, but would return in 1927, trying to stay away from politics. During Sánchez Cerro's government, he took part in the subsequent constitutional reforms, although he didn't defend some points that the new constitution brought up. Now that he's president of Perú, he'll take a pragmatic approach to the issues Perú faces, trying to compromise with the UR and focusing on investing in better services and education for the nation.§!
Óscar Raimundo Benavides Larrea
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 15th, 1876, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOscar Raimundo Benavides Larrea graduated military school in 1906 and was sent to France to take part in their manoeuvring exercises. On his return to Perú in 1910, he became involved in the 'Campaña del Caqueta', which allowed him to climb through the ranks until becoming Chief of Staff in 1913. In 1914 he joined the coup against President Billinghurst, becoming provisional president until 1915, where he called for elections after securing stability. He was then sent to Europe as an observer during the Weltkrieg, but resigned his post when Leguía couped the democratic government.\n\nLeguía was quick to react to Benavides return, imprisoning him and sending him along with other political prisoners to exile. However, Benavides managed to organise a successful mutiny in the ship that transported them, escaping to Central America, where he'd support Sánchez Cerro's uprising and later taking an important role in Sánchez Cerro's government.\n\nWith Sánchez Cerro's death, Benavides took advantage of the anarchy that ensued and became Sánchez Cerro's successor, suspending elections and becoming Perú's new Caudillo. Benavides has adopted the motto 'Order, Peace and Work', rewarding generously displays of loyalty and punishing severely any display of dissent...§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 15th, 1876, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LÓscar Raimundo Benavides Larrea joined the Lima's 'Escuela Militar' in 1890, graduating with honours as a second lieutenant. He reached the rank of Lieutenant in 1899 and Captain in 1901. He became Lieutenant Colonel in 1909 and was sent to France to practise in French manoeuvres, receiving the 'Ordre national de la Légion d'honneur'. He took part of the Caqueta Campaign in 1910, achieving a meteoric rise through the ranks until becoming Chief of Staff of the Peruvian Army in 1913. Despite having dedicated mostly to politics since then, Benavides is still one of the best and most experienced military commanders of Perú.§!\n\n§YNotes: His political career has taken precedence over his military career, but he will return to his duties if the country is drawn into conflict.§!
Luis Miguel Sánchez Cerro
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 12th, 1889, in Piura, Department of Piura, Peruvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGeneral Sánchez Cerro is worshipped by his friends almost as a messiah and hated by his enemies as an unquestioned tyrant, but both recognise the main quality of this man - courage and boldness, sometimes turning reckless.\n\nSánchez Cerro was born into a middle-class family of a notary and is a descendant of the indigenous or Malagasy Peruvians. Even as a child, while at school, he claimed to his mates he would be president of the republic. But he first chose a military career as his career.\nIn 1906 he entered the Chorrillos Military School, and by 1914 he actively participated in the coup against President Billinghurst, being wounded while taking a machine gun with his bare hands, which left him without two fingers and with the nickname \
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 12th, 1889, in Piura, Department of Piura, Peruvian Republic§!
José de la Riva Agüero y Osma
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 26th, 1885, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJose de la Riva Agüero y Osma is the grandson of the first Peruvian president, José de la Riva Agüero y Sánchez-Boquete, he graduated from the 'Universidad Nacional Mayor de San Marcos' as a bachelor in literature, philosophy and law, and managed to get a PhD in jurisprudence in 1911. His first political move was to write an article criticising Leguía's government in that same year, for which he was arrested, triggering the first ever student protest in the history of Perú, which demanded Agüero's release. Agüero was released, where he became a teacher in San Marcos, but when Leguía took over the government in 1919, Agüero wrote a manifesto defending the constitutional order and left in a self-imposed exile towards Europe.\n\nThat travel to Europe changed him, as he was forced to witness the European recovery from the Weltkrieg, as well as the Syndicalist uprisings. It's in these circumstances that he meets Costanzo Ciano and other ANI leaders, whose far-right philosophy began influencing the once liberal Agüero. He returns in 1927 to Peru, after Sánchez Cerro deposed Leguía, and began working as a history professor at the 'Pontificia Universidad Catolica'. He at first saw in Sánchez Cerro just another dictator, but a meeting he had with the Caudillo changed his mind, as his experience in Europe and relation with prominent thinkers like Ciano and Carlés quickly turned him into a friend and close advisor of Sánchez Cerro. Although the Hispanist ideals Agüero had were too extreme for Sánchez Cerro, he was named head of ministers. Now that Agüero is in power, he'll try to take Perú in a radical new direction and return the old glory of the Virreynato back to Perú.§!
Consejo Nacional
§YBackground:§! §LWith Agüero's death, the Hermandad Peruana has been thrown into chaos. Factionalism has begun to crack the once unified HP, with many within it vying for power, most notably Luis Alberto Flores Medina, General Ureta Montehermoso and Carlos Miró-Quesada. As long as there's not an elected successor for Agüero, the council will lead Perú forward, albeit with plenty of internal difficulties, until this issue is resolved.§!
Pachacutec II
§YBorn:§! §L1914, in Lampa, Department of Puno, Peruvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LReynaldo Chukiwanka Ayulo Choquehuanca, better known by his regnal name, Pachacutec II is the son of Francisco Chukiwanka Ayulo and considered one of the descendants of the Incan emperor, Huayna Capac, he has taken advantage of his father's popularity to rally the Indians to his cause. His father graduated as a lawyer in 1908 from the 'Universidad de Arequipa' and would go to Puno, Perú, where he began fighting for better rights for natives and created an alphabet in which natives could write Aymara, Quechua and Spanish, helping the native population to improve its literacy rates as these languages conflicted with the Latin alphabet. Reynaldo became involved in French émigré circles and was influenced by the writings of Charles Maurras. Seeing the government mistreating the native populations, Reynaldo took over his father's institutions and began going from village to village rallying the natives for an insurrection to finally be free of the Criollo oppression.§!
José Matías Manzanilla Barrientos
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1867, in Ica, Department of Ica, Peruvian Republic§!
Manuel Encarnación Rodríguez Dávila
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in Arequipa, Department of Arequipa, Peruvian Republic§!
Ernesto Montagne Markholz
§YBorn:§! §LMay 3rd, 1885, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!
Antonio Rodríguez Ramírez
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!
Héctor Boza Aizcorbe
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1888, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!
Héctor Felipe Mercado Silva
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 24th, 1885, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!
Carlos Concha Cárdenas
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 27th, 1888, in Callao, Constitutional Province of Callao, Peruvian Republic§!
Felipe De La Barra Ugarte
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 13th, 1888, in Chala, Department of Arequipa, Peruvian Republic§!
Carlos Manuel Cox Roose
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 2nd, 1902, in Trujillo, Department of La Libertad, Peruvian Republic§!
Luis Emilio Heysen Incháustegui
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 13th, 1903, in Chiclayo, Department of Lambayeque, Peruvian Republic§!
Hildebrando Castro Pozo
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 9th, 1890, in Ayabaca, Department of Piura, Peruvian Republic§!
Luciano Castillo Colonna
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 23rd, 1899, in La Huaca, Department of Piura, Peruvian Republic§!
Cristóbal de Losada y Puga
§YBorn:§! §LApril 14th, 1894, in New York City, New York, United States of America§!
Manuel Arturo Odría Amoretti
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 26th, 1896, in Tarma, Department of Junín, Peruvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJosé Manuel Arturo Odría Amoretti graduated the Escuela Militar as an infantry second lieutenant, where his grades were so high that he was granted an honorary sword, and named instructor for the school. He continued perfecting his military ability throughout his career, taking an important role in the war against Ecuador, but he never truly prepared to be a politician. As such, now that he's in power, he'll seek to restore the Peruvian democracy, but not before restoring stability to the country and enacting laws to prevent future Caudillismo. However, his rejection of the native population may cause trouble with the large Quechua-speaking minorities in the country...§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 26th, 1896, in Tarma, Department of Junín, Peruvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJosé Manuel Arturo Odría Amoretti joined the 'Escuela Militar de Chorrillos in 1915, where he obtained outstanding grades in his exams. He travelled to Bolivia with a group of honorary delegates in 1917 to represent Perú's finest officers in training. He graduated with honours as a second lieutenant in 1919, becoming the 19th officer in Peruvian history to receive a sword of honour. He became lieutenant in 1921, Captain in 1924 and Major in 1930, reaching the rank of General in 1935. A truly brilliant officer, his only flaw is his lack of practical experience in the battlefield.§!\n\n§YNotes: He has shown signs of racism towards the native population.§!
Eloy Gaspar Ureta Montehermoso
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1892, in Chiclayo, Department of Lambayeque, Peruvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEloy Gaspar Ureta Montehermoso graduated as an artillery second lieutenant from the Escuela Militar de Chorrillos in 1913. After beginning studies in the Escuela Superior de Guerra, he'd be sent to Italy and France to perfect his ability as an artillery officer. A decorated officer, he joined the HP due to his ultra-conservative views and admiration for Agüero, even if they both had their differences. Now that Ureta leads the UR and Perú, he'll try to instil in the Peruvian society at large the patriotism and discipline he was taught as a cadet.§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1892, in Chiclayo, Department of Lambayeque, Peruvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEloy Gaspar Ureta Montehermoso joined the 'Escuela Militar de Chorrillos' in 1909, graduating in 1913 as an artillery second lieutenant. He would be sent to Turín, Italy, and later to Versailles, France, to continue his artillery training. By 1918, he had managed to become Captain, and by 1931 he was a Colonel. He gained his last promotion in 1935 to General, where he now has become one of the most important artillery officers in Perú.§!\n\n§YNotes: Affiliated to the Hermandad Peruana.§!
Carlos Miró-Quesada Laos
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 19th, 1903, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCarlos Miró-Quesada Laos graduated as a Lawyer in Lima in 1932 and joined the Unión Revolucionaria. His diplomatic ways with other members and professional handling of propaganda for the party made him quickly rise through the ranks, becoming one of the possible successors to Agüero. Now that Miró-Quesada is in power, he's bound to continue the status-quo Agüero created and keep working forward for Agüero's vision of a glorious Hispanic Perú.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 19th, 1903, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!
Luis Alberto Flores Medina
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 11th, 1899, in Ayabaca, Department of Piura, Peruvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLuis Alberto Flores Medina graduated as a Lawyer from the 'Universidad Mayor de San Marcos' in the late 1910s. He staunchly opposed the government of Augusto B. Leguía, for Flores would be imprisoned. He was freed after a decree by Sánchez Cerro, quickly gaining Flores's loyalty, who joined the Unión Revolucionaria soon after. He accompanied Sánchez Cerro in his tour through Arequipa, Puno, Cusco and Ica, and would later become deputy for the UR. After the resign of Francisco Lanatta, Flores becomes the president of the council of ministers. During his time as president of the council, the crews of the Peruvian navy ships 'Almirante Grau' and 'Coronel Bolognesi' mutinied with apparent APRA influence. While Flores didn't believe the crews deserved the death penalty, the martial court determined they were traitors and had to die, so he came to the island of San Lorenzo with the prisoners, where he'd lead the execution personally. It is said that Flores himself forced each sailor to dig his own grave before being shot, earning him a reputation for cruelty in the UR.\n\nFlores became a close follower of Agüero, although he considered the latter to be too conservative in his approach against the APRA. Now that Flores is in power, he'll bring about his vision for a corporatist and totalitarian Perú, free from the influence of the decadent APRA which he'll hunt down relentlessly. However, his dream of absolute control over people of Peru is bound to shine through in his policies, and might upset the moderate or even conservative population...§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 11th, 1899, in Ayabaca, Department of Piura, Peruvian Republic§!
José Agustín Haya de la Torre
§YBorn:§! §L1903, in Trujillo, Department of La Libertad, Peruvian Republic§!
Grimaldo Bravo Arenas
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 31st, 1887, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!
Carlos Rotalde González del Valle
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 22nd, 1886, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!
Gustavo Adolfo Jímenez Saldías
§YBorn:§! §LApril 5th, 1886, in Cerro de Pasco, Department of Pasco, Peruvian Republic§!
§YBorn:§! §LApril 5th, 1886, in Cerro de Pasco, Department of Pasco, Peruvian Republic§!
César Augusto de la Fuente Álvarez
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 3rd, 1877, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!
Federico Díaz Dulanto
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 9th, 1888, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!
Renán Elías Olivera
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 2nd, 1915, in Ica, Department of Ica, Peruvian Republic§!
Ricardo Pío Pérez Godoy
§YBorn:§! §LMay 9th, 1905, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!
Manuel María Ponce Brousset
§YBorn:§! §LApril 5th, 1874, in Arequipa, Department of Arequipa, Peruvian Republic§!
Fernando Sarmiento Ramirez
§YBorn:§! §L1874, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!
José Remigio Alzamora Freundt
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 23rd, 1891, in Callao, Constitutional Province of Callao, Peruvian Republic§!
Juan Bielovucic Cavalié
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 30th, 1889, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!
Manuel Barreto Risco
§YBorn:§! §Lin Callao, Constitutional Province of Callao, Peruvian Republic§!
Alfredo Tello Salavarria
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 10th, 1910, in Trujillo, Department of La Libertad, Peruvian Republic§!
Roque Augusto Saldías Maninat
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1892, in Valencia, Carabobo State, United States of Venezuela§!
Armando Revoredo Iglesias
§YBorn:§! §LJune 17th, 1896, in Contumazá, Department of Cajamarca, Peruvian Republic§!
Guillermo Cervantes Vásquez
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Peruvian Republic§!
Artidoro Aurelio Edmundo García Godos Hurtado de Mendoza
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 16th, 1881, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!
Segundo Remigio Morales Bermúdez Sánchez
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 20th, 1893, in Lima, Department of Lima, Peruvian Republic§!
APRA Military Council
§YFounded:§! §Lin the Peruvian Republic§!
