Japan Focus Tree
Japan Subject Focus Tree
Assimilation of Foreign Motor Industries
Threatening Us
Economic Exploitation
Japan
Japanese
Japan
People's Republic of Japan
the People's Republic of Japan
People's Republic of Japan
the People's Republic of Japan
People's Republic of Japan
the People's Republic of Japan
Empire of Japan
the Empire of Japan
Empire of Japan
the Empire of Japan
Empire of Japan
the Empire of Japan
Empire of Japan
the Empire of Japan
Empire of Japan
the Empire of Japan
Empire of Japan
the Empire of Japan
Empire of Japan
the Empire of Japan
People's Republic of Japan
the People's Republic of Japan
People's Republic of Japan
the People's Republic of Japan
People's Republic of Japan
the People's Republic of Japan
Republic of Japan
the Republic of Japan
Republic of Japan
the Republic of Japan
Republic of Japan
the Republic of Japan
Republic of Japan
the Republic of Japan
Republic of Japan
the Republic of Japan
Republic of Japan
the Republic of Japan
Republic of Japan
the Republic of Japan
People's Republic of Japan
the People's Republic of Japan
People's Republic of Japan
the People's Republic of Japan
People's Republic of Japan
the People's Republic of Japan
State of Japan
the State of Japan
State of Japan
the State of Japan
State of Japan
the State of Japan
State of Japan
the State of Japan
State of Japan
the State of Japan
State of Japan
the State of Japan
State of Japan
the State of Japan
Sōdōmei
Sōdōmei
Kyōsantō
Shakai Taishūtō
Kakushintō
Minseitō - Mainstream
Minseitō
Seiyūkai - Mainstream
Seiyūkai
MST/SYK - Antimainstream
Kokumin Dōmei
IJA - Centralists
IJA - Restorationists
Taisei Yokusankai
Kokumin Dōmei
National Unity Gov.
Kyōwakai
Kyōwakai (Association of National Harmony)
Nihon Rōdō Sōdōmei (Japan Federation of Labour)
Nihon Rōdō Sōdōmei (Japan Federation of Labour)
Nihon Kyōsan-tō (Japanese Communist Party)
Shakai Taishūtō (Social Masses Party)
Kakushintō (Reformist Party)
Rikken Minseitō - Mainstream Faction (Constitutional Democratic Party)
Rikken Minseitō (Constitutional Democratic Party)
Rikken Seiyūkai - Mainstream Faction (Constitutional Association of Political Friendship)
Rikken Seiyūkai (Constitutional Association of Political Friendship)
Rikken Minseitō/Rikken Seiyūkai - Antimainstream Factions
Kokumin Dōmei (National Alliance)
Imperial Japanese Army (Centralists)
Imperial Japanese Army (Restorationists)
Taisei Yokusankai (Imperial Rule Assistance Association)
Kokumin Dōmei (National Alliance)
National Unity Government
Nippon Kokumintō
Nippon Kokumintō\n§LFollowing the sudden collapse of imperial authority following the Chinese victory in the Sino-Japanese War, the revolutionary Chinese government has set up a provisional government and party led by Nosaka Sanzō in order to administer the Japanese Home Islands and to bring the ideals of the Three Principles of the People to the Japanese. The newly created Nippon Kokumintō (Japanese Nationalist Party), seeks to maintain great ties with the Chinese but also to foster their own ideals of Minsheng, Minzu, and Minquan in order to fulfil Dr. Sun's principles of a pan-Asian world revolution.§!\n
Zantei Gunseifu
Zantei Gunseifu\n§LFor the proud Japanese people, nothing could have prepared them more than the sudden collapse of imperial and military authority following their defeat in war and their total subsequent complete occupation and surrender. Now the occupying foreign country has created a transitional military government in order to administer the Japanese Home Islands and to ensure a healthy and steady transition from a former monarchy to hopefully a new vibrant democracy in Asia.§!\n
Minshutō
Nihon Minshutō (Japan Democratic Party)
Jiyūtō
Nihon Jiyūtō (Japan Liberal Party)
Shakaitō
Nihon Shakaitō (Japan Socialist Party)
Rikagaku Kenkyūsho
Rikagaku Kenkyūsho is the scientific wing of the Co-Prosperity Sphere, aimed at helping enriching our colonies and allies.
Aircraft Carriers
Light/Escort Aircraft Carriers
Submarines
Minelayers
Nippon Electric Company
Mitsui
Furukawa Siemens
Nihon Musen
Nippon Oil
Kawasaki
Sumitomo
Tokyo Shibaura Denki
Nichitsu
Kokura Arsenal
Nagoya Arsenal
Osaka Army Arsenal
Isuzu
Ishikawajima
Toyota
Hitachi
Nissan
Mitsubishi
Kyūshū Hikōki
Aichi
Tachikawa
Nakajima
Yokosuka
Kawanishi
Yokosuka Naval Arsenal
Kure Naval Arsenal
Sasebo Naval Arsenal
Maizuru Naval Arsenal
The Rising Sun
Second Sino-Japanese War
Japanese Claims on the Pacific
Japanese Claims on German East Asia
Japan has withdrawn from China
§rJapanese colonial empire was dissolved§!
Has failed the §Y$JAP_fading_sun_timer$§! mission
Narrow-gauge Railways
Japan's railways were built using an unusually narrow gauge inherited from the British Empire during the Meiji Era. While it does make construction easier in Japan's mountainous terrain, its speed limitations have negatively impacted our industry. Experts argue over whether conversion is worth the government's time.
National Security Act
The Great Drought
Changing Rail Gauge
Rampant Landlordism
Land use in Japan is highly inefficient. Much of the farmland is owned by landlords who rent it out to tenant farmers at exorbitant rates. This leads to a stagnant social system, which has contributed to both to the political polarisation of the countryside, and to the mass migration of tenant farmers to the cities in search of better fortunes.
Nationalist Education
Mass Propaganda Drive
New Budget and Research Organ
New Industrial Policy
Japanese Investments
Aerial Reorganisation
Zaibatsu Contracts
Railway Nationalisation
The National Defence State
State Controlled Banking and Agriculture
An Independent Nation
Cooperative Elites
Unbroken Zaibatsu Ties
A New Way
Shison Danran
Curtailed Zaibatsu
The Shōwa Restoration
Coalition Partners Sidelined
Coalition Partners Frustrated
Coalition Partners Outraged
The Great Struggle
Divert Workers Towards Production
Eastern Democracy
Widespread Instability
Lingering Instability
Peace Preservation Laws
Cooperative Unions
Grassroots Political Movement
Restoring Trust in the System
Elite Support
Parliament-Centric Politics
Conservative Reforms
Japan for the Masses
State-Controlled Economy
Fengtian Bailout
We are bailing out the Fengtian Government by purchasing sufficient silver to fill their reserve.
Mantetsu Collapse
With Mantetsu's considerable profits being a major driver in the Japanese economy, and a source for nearly a quarter of the government's yearly revenue, the wholesale seizure and destruction of its operations in China has left the country reeling.
Anqing Reconstruction Plan
In order for Anqing to recover quickly so it can be of use to Fengtian, we are sending significant aid to them.
Japanese Training Programme
In order to bring their allies' armies up to strength, the Japanese have contributed officers to train new soldiers.
Japanese Offensive Support
Japanese Independence Backing
Japanese Sabotage Campaign
Imperial Family Exiled
The Emperor and his family were exiled, never to be seen again on the Home Isles. While the angry voices of the populace could be heard on the streets, no bigger violence erupted. Our national prestige and the abilities of the army suffered noticeably, however.
Imperial Family Abolished
The Congress has decided to abolish the Imperial Titles of the Yamato Family. The Emperor and his family now possess a citizen status, like all of us. This move convinced a large part of our populace to support Socialism and the new regime.
Country-wide Unrest
Getting rid of the monarchy has outraged parts of Japanese society: some cities have been plunged into chaos and the military refuses to accept the new regime. Hopefully time will heal all the wounds.
Shattered People
For centuries, the Japanese people have held unwavering support and faith in their emperor. The country of Japan had never before been vanquished but all those beliefs have shattered in a cascade of broken dreams and trust as the Japanese Home Islands now find themselves fully occupied for the first time. It will take serious effort to rebuild the trust of the Japanese people and to combat the feelings of defeatism and pessimism.
Devastated National Economy
Japan's unprecedented defeat and total capitulation to a foreign occupier has rendered the collapse of the entire Japanese economy. Despite the economic chaos that followed the fall of Mantetsu, there is no greater economic catastrophe in Japanese history than the complete occupation and suspension of all economic acitivites. As the nation's economy staggers and moans under the weight of debt and lack of investments, it will take a long time before Japan's economy is fully able to recover itself.
Disarmed Nation
Stipulated by its now new foreign occupier, the entire army, navy, and airforces of the Empire of Japan is to be disbanded for the time being as a punishment for Japan's imperialistic wars across Asia. Unitl Japan's trust is regained in the eyes of its overlord, there is no future for it having any form of armed forces for the time being.
Defections to the JPEL
The Japanese People's Emancipation League is composed of Japanese soldiers who have decided to surrender to the Kuomintang and refugees fleeing our lands. Open to all, the JPEL unites many disgruntled citizens of our nation with the promise of a new dawn in Japan that will herald the end of militarism. Defections to the JPEL have hurt our morale and resolve.
Sister Republic
Despite the terror that the Japanese brought upon the Chinese people, years of Chinese-led tutelage have inspired the Japanese to carry out their own form of the national revolution. By following the Three Principles of the People, they too shall become comrades in the greater Pan-Asian struggle against imperialism. Emerging from the chaos and humiliation of defeat, Japan has now found itself on the trek towards a new destiny - one that renounces imperialism and seeks solidarity with her fellow socialist sisters and brothers.
Communist Republic of Japan
Against all odds, the communists in Japan have created a true people's republic - a people's government devoted to the workers and peasants of Japan. No longer shall they be bound by the feudal chains of the Emperor and his court nor are they forced to serve the whims of the capitalists militarists. A new dawn and a new sun rises across Asia, as the people have truly stood up!
The Revolution: Successful
Against all odds, the socialists and social-democrats have worked together and formed a united front; dedicated towards the true proletariat of Japan. Now, we shall do our very best to ensure that the revolution remains successful and that the Red Flag does not stop flying! Remember the martyrs of 1911 and of those who came before us comrades, long live Japanese socialism!
Sino-Japanese Construction Scheme
Due to the devastating effects of war, the Chinese have volunteered to help us by sending thousands of Chinese workers to help rebuild Japan's civilian and even military industries. It is the goal that Japan's industries be rebuilt not for the sake of war, but to restore the pre-war quality of life in Japan.
Five Year Plan
War Reparations Order
As part of the pain and suffering that the Japanese have brought upon the Chinese people, the Japanese government has agreed to humiliating terms of repayment and compensation in the form of war reparations for a determined period of time.
War Reparations
Joint Sino-Japanese Study Programme
Japanese Overseas Revolutionary Education Programme
Joint Sino-Japanese Study Programme
Depolicization of the Throne
Forced Abdication of the Emperor
Unpopular Republic
As per the demands of [JAP.overlord.GetNameDef], a republic has been enforced over Japan, a move said to be popular at home yet one met with widespread anger and outrage in Japan itself. The new government is saddled with the unenviable task of winning over the Japanese populous, lest they meet the same ending as many similar regimes did after the first Weltkrieg.
Government Emergency Relief
Support of the Zaibatsu
A Traditionalist Japanese State
Zaibatsu-free Country
A Modern Japanese State
Railway Expansion
Independency From Foreign Research
Emancipation of Women
Resurgent New Economy
Coastal Security Force
Maritime Self-Defence Force
New Officers
Self-Defence Corps
Air Self-Defence Corps
Exercises in the Pacific
After joint exercises with [JAP.GetName], our military gained extensive knowledge about amphibious invasions and their planning.
Subversive Activities Prevention Law
South Seas Invasion Preparations
Japanese Emergency Economic Aid
With their interests in Manchuria threatened, Japan has begun to subsidize Fengtian Government, hoping to prop it up economically long enough for them to ultimately repay their debts. In the meantime, their generous support has helped to keep the Fengtian wartime industries running smoothly.
Expand Tamano Shipyards
Expand Kure Naval Arsenal
Expand Yokosuka Naval Arsenal
Expand Sasebo Naval Arsenal
Expand Maizuru Naval Arsenal
Equipment Modernisation
Coordinated Intelligence Services
Shared Modernisation
Despite the differences in doctrine and strategy between proponents of the Long and Short War theories, both sides agree on several fundamental points, such as the need for the Army to secure early victories and territorial gains, to either force the enemy into peace negotiations or create a defensive line against a superior foe, and a heavy emphasis on aggression, viewing retreat as an unacceptable outcome. With these shared goals, the Army will be able to produce modernization on a consistent line.
SNLF
Imperial Japanese Armed Forces
The twin prides of our nation, since the Meiji Restoration, the Imperial Japanese Army and Navy have transformed themselves into powerful fighting forces capable of not only defending Japanese interests on the Asian continent, but triumphing over foes superior in resources and population through a combination of sheer force of will and brilliant leadership.\n\nYet, in the new and changing environment of the post-Great War world, the future of both services has been fiercely debated, the Army split between those who wish to prepare the nation for a prolonged, total war, versus those who wish to ensure Japan can end any war it enters into in a series of quick, decisive battles, and the Navy more closely scrutinising their strategy in light of a changing American situation. This is a matter further complicated by an especially severe interservice rivalry, encouraging the two services to prepare for different wars to earn greater amounts of funding and hampering the establishment of a single unified national defence strategy. No matter what may happen, however, the military must be made ready for war.
Show War Planning Targets in China
Show War Planning Targets in South East Asia
War Planning Against [FROM.GetNameWithFlag]
Strike Against [FROM.GetNameWithFlag]!
Battle for Production
Battle for Morale
Battle for the Empire
Battle for the Skies
Battle for Harmony
Traditionalist Air Force
Unlock £GFX_decision_icon_small §YWar Plan§! Decisions, allowing for specific bonuses against specific countries for a short duration of time.
£command_power §H[?JAP_CP_cost?99]§!
£command_power §R[?JAP_CP_cost?99]§!
Modify £GFX_decision_icon_small  §HStrike Against§! Decisions by
$MODIFIER_ATTACK_BONUS_AGAINST_A_COUNTRY$: [?0.05|0+=%]
$MODIFIER_BREAKTHROUGH_BONUS_AGAINST_A_COUNTRY$: [?0.05|0+=%]
The cost of all £GFX_decision_icon_small §YWar Planning Against§! Decisions will decrease by £command_power $RIGHT|30Y$.
Set the duration of all £GFX_decision_icon_small §HStrike Against§! Decisions to $RIGHT|0+$ days.
Set the duration of all £GFX_decision_icon_small §YWar Planning Against§! Decisions to $RIGHT|0+$ days.
Modify £GFX_decision_icon_small  §HWar Planning Against§! Decisions by\n Army Intelligence against §HTarget Country§!: [?0.15|+=0%]
Modify £GFX_decision_icon_small  §HWar Planning Against§! Decisions by\n Decryption against §HTarget Country§!: [?0.10|+=0%]
This £GFX_decision_icon_small §HDecision§! will become visible once at war with the target country!
Imperial Japanese Armed Forces
The twin prides of our nation, since the Meiji Restoration, the Imperial Japanese Army and Navy have transformed themselves into powerful fighting forces capable of not only defending Japanese interests on the Asian continent, but triumphing over foes superior in resources and population through a combination of sheer force of will and brilliant leadership.\n\nYet, in the new and changing environment of the post-Great War world, the future of both services has been fiercely debated, the Army split between those who wish to prepare the nation for a prolonged, total war, versus those who wish to ensure Japan can end any war it enters into in a series of quick, decisive battles, and the Navy more closely scrutinising their strategy in light of a changing American situation. This is a matter further complicated by an especially severe interservice rivalry, encouraging the two services to prepare for different wars to earn greater amounts of funding and hampering the establishment of a single unified national defence strategy. No matter what may happen, however, the military must be made ready for war.
War Ready Industries I
War Ready Industries II
War Ready Industries III
War Ready Staff I
War Ready Staff II
War Ready Staff III
War Ready Equipment I
War Ready Equipment II
War Ready Equipment III
Army Modernisation Complete
Research Modernisation
Staff Modernisation
Total War Preparation
Reformist Air Force
Quality Equipment Manufacturing
Long War Army
Unlock £GFX_decision_icon_small §YDevelopment Plan§! Decisions, allowing for powerful buffs once specific goals have been achieved!
Has completed $RIGHT|Y0$ army National Focuses (Current: [?JAP_compled_mil_focuses|Y0])
This Research Slot will be kept for §H365§! days.
Merge §H$JAP_equipment_modernisation$§!, §H$JAP_research_modernisation_lw$§!, and §H$JAP_staff_modernisation_lw$§! into §H$JAP_long_war_army_lw$§!\nEffective change:\n$MODIFIER_CONSCRIPTION_TOTAL_FACTOR$: §G10%§!\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_WAR_FACTOR$: [?0.10|+=%]
The National Security Act Passed.
The National Security Act failed to pass.
Restorationist army officers staged a coup after the Act failed to pass.
The Japanese army overthrew the government following the National Security Act being passed.
Japan had remained a democracy following the National Security Act being passed.
The Emperor supported the government.
The Army has overthrown the government following its lack of support from the Emperor.
An attempt to coup the government was unsuccessful.
§GThe Diet will discuss a solution to stabilise the government in the coming weeks.§!
Japanese Democracy survived military interference.
The security debate following the May 15th incident has started.
Land Reform in Progress
\nWith our current §Hland reform progress§! we will get this result:\n
The §Hland reform progress§! is over §H2§!.
This will moderately advance our §Hland reform progress§!.
This will significantly advance our §Hland reform progress§!.
No effect.
is experiencing a terrible drought
Shipments of food and aid to §Y[JAP.GetNameDef]§! will continue\n
Shipments of food and aid to §Y[JAP.GetNameDef]§! will immediately end!\n
§W--------------§!
Certain companies will be §Gupgraded§!:
If we have chosen to §YSupport the Zaibatsu§!, we will gain:
If we have decided on a §YBureaucratic Economy§! instead, we will gain:
Unlocks the §YNippon Oil§! company.\n
§GDecreases§! $paternal_autocrat_coloured$ §YPolitical Advisor§! and §YChief of Army§! cost by £GFX_pol_power  30.
§gShould we compromise with the Diet, we will gain:§!
§gAnd should we forcefully push through our plans, we will gain:§!
Decrease cost of §YPromote Investment§! decisions by £GFX_pol_power  35, and decrease removal time of §YLand Reform§! decisions by 25 days.
Decrease cost of §YPromote Investment§! decisions by £GFX_pol_power  50, and decrease removal time of §YLand Reform§! decisions by 50 days.
§gThe effects of the national spirit will depend on how much we compromised or forced through our plans previously.§!
§gIf we compromised with the Diet, we will gain:§!
§gIf we forced through our plans, we will gain:§!
§GPrevious national spirits will be merged into one.§!
Although the Restorationists have coalesced into the §RTaisei Yokusankai§!, they remain far from united. Konoe finds himself having to thread the needle between the demands of the §YKōdōha§!, §YSeidō§! and §YDōjinkai§! factions.\n\nShould we §Yprioritise one faction by taking multiple of their focuses after one another§!, we will §Ggain specific bonuses§! tailored to that faction, but increasingly §Rlose stability§!.\n\nIn contrast, §Ybalancing the order in which you complete the Shōwa Restoration tree§! will lead to a §Gmore stable coalition§!, though we may §Rlose out on aforementioned bonuses§!.\n\nYou will get these bonuses for prioritising:\n£white_dot The §YDōjinkai§!, to the left, gives §YPolitical Power§!.\n£white_dot The §YSeidō§!, in the centre, gives §YParty Popularity§!.\n£white_dot The §YKōdōha§!, to the right, gives §YArmy Experience§!.
The §YDōjinkai§! is asserting its dominance. This will upset the balance of our coalition.
The §YSeidō§! is asserting its dominance. This will upset the balance of our coalition.
The §YKōdōha§! is asserting its dominance. This will upset the balance of our coalition.
If §YSynthetic Oil Experiments§! has been researched, two Refineries will be built in Japan instead.
Taking this focus will temporarily §Gappease§! the other factions in our government, allowing us to pass one reform focus without incurring any penalties in stability.
We will have the option to either increase our construction speed, but also increase our designer costs, or we simply gain factories!
£pol_power §Y40§! £manpower_texticon §H200000§!
£pol_power §R40§! £manpower_texticon §R200000§!
Every owned core state with less than §H3 Infrastructure§!
The §mMinseitō§! are victorious in the snap election
The §cSeiyūkai§! continue to lead the government
The §aNational Unity Government§! was formed by the mainstream parties
The 1940 Elections have been held
Forming the Government of National Unity will allow for passing a total of 4 reform focuses supported by the §cSeiyūkai§! or §mMinseitō§!, choose wisely.
Has passed fewer than §Y4§! reform focuses. §CCurrently§! §Y[?JAP_autdem_focus_variable]§!
§aDepending on whose reforms the Government of National Unity pushes through, we will obtain a different national spirit upon finishing this focus.§!
Passing §Y3§! or more §mMinseitō§! reform focuses will grant us:
Passing §Y3§! or more §cSeiyūkai§! reform focuses will grant us:
§Y3§! or more focuses from the §mMinseitō§! side have been completed.
§Y3§! or more focuses from the §cSeiyūkai§! side have been completed.
Land reform decisions will cost less §YPolitical Power§!.
Successfully completing the land reform will grant extra §YStability§! and §YWar Support§!.
Will receive decisions to go to war against valid targets in §YIndochina§!\n
Will receive decisions to go to war against valid targets in §YIndia§!\n
This nation is committed to working with Japan
The September 1939 Philippine Elections have concluded.
Germany will ask us for peace after we have capitulated all of their allies in Asia and Oceania, and German East Asia must not continue to hold any states with more than §Y200,000§! population.
Germany will ask us for peace after we have capitulated all of their allies in Asia and Oceania.
§RThe Chinese may exploit this opportunity to unite and attack [FNG.GetNameDef], dragging us into a conflict on the continent!§!
Fengtian has broken with Japan
These decisions will allow us to give industrial and military support to collaborators in China, and to increase §jOur Influence§! in the §Y[FNG.GetName]§!.
These decisions will prioritise arming aligned warlords to serve as our proxies in China and will allow us to increase §jOur Influence§! in the §Y[FNG.GetName]§!.
has refused Japan's assistance
These decisions will allow us to support non-Han Chinese states in their wars against China.
This focus will upgrade the §Ynational spirit§! given in the §YContinental Warfare§! focus by granting §G10%§! more attack against §Yall Chinese countries§! and make it last twice as long.
The effects gained from the §YMantetsu Profits§! national spirit will be §Gdoubled§!.
§GJapan will hand over any land that we have a claim or core of and they do not.§!\n
Attack bonus against §H$all_chinese_countries_tt$§!: [?0.15|+=%1]
Attack bonus against §H$all_chinese_countries_tt$§!: [?0.25|+=%1]
[From.GetNameDefCap] must agree for this to take effect!\n
You get the factories back!
[ETS.GetNameDefCap] will become more friendly to us
If §YImproved Small Airframe§! was researched before completing this focus, we will instead be granted a §H1940 Fighter (Carrier Variant)§! template, and a research bonus towards future §HEngines§! technology.
If §YA6M Rei-sen§! was researched before completing this focus, we will instead be granted an upgraded §H1940 Fighter (Carrier Variant)§!.
Complete the Circle Plan
To complete the mission, we must have a navy containing at least: §H8 Carrier§! ships, §H8 Battleship§! ships, §H6 Battlecruiser§! ships, §H20 Cruiser§! ships, §H20 Escort Cruiser§! ships, and §H150 Destroyer§! ships.
§HEffects if mission successfully completed:§!
£decision_icon_small New decisions to develop §YNaval building capacities§! of our allies will be unlocked.
\n£decision_icon_small New decisions to develop the §YNaval Transport Capacities§! of our allies will be unlocked.
£decision_icon_small New Decisions to develop the §YNaval Fighting Capacities§! of both us and our allies will be unlocked.
£decision_icon_small New decisions to §YSeize Dockyards§! from our allies during wartime will be unlocked.
Has built dockyards in [From.GetNameDef]
§LAfter Japan's defeat in the war there are more and more voices calling for the abication of Hirohito or even questioning the function of the emperor. Furthermore complicates the question our overlord's plans for our country.§!
§LWhile our overlord recognised the political potential and importance of leaving Hirohito on the throne, this issue is far from being resolved. The Emperor's and the Imperial Family's fate will be decided in the next special session of the Diet.§!
§LWith the forced abdication of Hirohito, the Imperial Family's and the new Emperor's position seems weak like never before. It's fate will be decided in the next special session of the Diet.§!
§LThe decision of our overlord to enforce a republic over the nation is not a popular one, yet we must persevere. It is time to begin winning over the public, and hope in time they start to accept Japan's new future.§!
§YHirohito§! will abdicate, and his son, §YCrown Prince Akihito§! will ascend to the throne with §YPrince Takamatsu Nobuhito§! named as regent.\n
The §YImperial Institution§! will be completely abolished, with Japan becoming the §YRepublic of Japan§!.\n
The first post-war §Yelections§! shall be held in four months.\n
The §Y$JAP_imperial_diet$§! will be renamed to the §Y$JAP_national_diet$§!
§RA thorough purge of the military high command will be enacted.§!
§RThe high command of the Imperial Japanese Army and Navy will be put on trial for their crimes.§!
$JAP_ally1_last$, 
$JAP_ally2_last$, 
$JAP_ally3_last$, 
$JAP_ally4_last$, 
$JAP_ally5_last$, 
$JAP_ally6_last$, 
$JAP_ally7_last$, 
$JAP_ally8_last$, 
$JAP_ally9_last$, 
$JAP_ally10_last$, 
$JAP_ally11_last$, 
$JAP_ally12_last$, 
$JAP_ally13_last$, 
$JAP_ally14_last$, 
$JAP_ally15_last$, 
§Y[?JAP.economic_sphere:members^0.GetFlag][?JAP.economic_sphere:members^0.GetName]§!
§Y[?JAP.economic_sphere:members^1.GetFlag][?JAP.economic_sphere:members^1.GetName]§!
§Y[?JAP.economic_sphere:members^2.GetFlag][?JAP.economic_sphere:members^2.GetName]§!
§Y[?JAP.economic_sphere:members^3.GetFlag][?JAP.economic_sphere:members^3.GetName]§!
§Y[?JAP.economic_sphere:members^4.GetFlag][?JAP.economic_sphere:members^4.GetName]§!
§Y[?JAP.economic_sphere:members^5.GetFlag][?JAP.economic_sphere:members^5.GetName]§!
§Y[?JAP.economic_sphere:members^6.GetFlag][?JAP.economic_sphere:members^6.GetName]§!
§Y[?JAP.economic_sphere:members^7.GetFlag][?JAP.economic_sphere:members^7.GetName]§!
§Y[?JAP.economic_sphere:members^8.GetFlag][?JAP.economic_sphere:members^8.GetName]§!
§Y[?JAP.economic_sphere:members^9.GetFlag][?JAP.economic_sphere:members^9.GetName]§!
§Y[?JAP.economic_sphere:members^10.GetFlag][?JAP.economic_sphere:members^10.GetName]§!
§Y[?JAP.economic_sphere:members^11.GetFlag][?JAP.economic_sphere:members^11.GetName]§!
§Y[?JAP.economic_sphere:members^12.GetFlag][?JAP.economic_sphere:members^12.GetName]§!
§Y[?JAP.economic_sphere:members^13.GetFlag][?JAP.economic_sphere:members^13.GetName]§!
§Y[?JAP.economic_sphere:members^14.GetFlag][?JAP.economic_sphere:members^14.GetName]§!
None
Has been target of investment within the last year
Land Reform
Land reform has been an ongoing issue in Japanese politics for nearly 70 years. We are not the first to attempt to resolve the issue and, if we are not careful, will not be the last. The more effort and time we put in, the more likely it is for our efforts to bear fruit, though we are free to declare an end to our programme at any time...\n\nCurrently our land reform progress is: [?JAP.JAP_land_reform_variable|H0].
Initial Land Reform
The Land Reform Act is designed to limit landlord's power and provide arable land to poor farmers. Our initial plans will enforce redistribution of all land owned by absentee landlords within the next four years.
Continued Land Reform
The expanded version of the Land Reform Act will redistribute land that exceeds the newly defined limits of individual ownership, and give the landlords state bonds equal to the purchase price of their lost property as compensation. This will be a major step towards ending the rural poverty that has plagued our nation for generations.
Extensive Land Reform
The most extensive version of the Land Reform Act gives extended powers to government officials to fight those who resist these reforms.
Land Readjustment Act
The Land Adjustment Act will establish a legal basis for tenant rights. The Act will prohibit landlords from cancelling or refusing to renew a contract unilaterally without due cause.
Rent Control Act
The Rent Control Act will allow local authorities to implement rent controls and authorise prefecture governors to intervene in cases where the rent has been proven to be unreasonably high.
Agricultural Land Control Act
The Agricultural Land Control Act stipulates that conversion or trade of farmland for non-agricultural purposes must be approved by local authorities. This allows us to select what crops are planted, in order to secure high production of staple foods.
Finish the Land Reform Programme
We will finish our Land Reform Programme and see what the result is...
Expand Tungsten Mines in Korea
We have begun expanding our tungsten deposits in [527.GetName], and it will take some time and effort to expand our mines there.
We have begun a second expansion effort for our tungsten mines in [527.GetName], and it will take some time and effort to expand our mines there.
We have begun a third expansion effort for our tungsten mines in [527.GetName], and it will take some time and effort to expand our mines there.
We have received reports of several new tungsten deposits in [525.GetName], while we verify these reports we shall conduct a fourth expansion effort in [527.GetName].
Our prospectors have returned from [525.GetName] and confirmed there is a large tungsten deposit there, we shall immediately begin to develop this new deposit while also finishing to expand the mines in [527.GetName].
§CThis decision can be taken once for each level of §Yexcavation technology§! that we have researched.§!
The Japanese Economy
Support Yokohama Auto Industries
Support Ōta Jidōsha
Support Kurasiki Kensyoku
Support Mitsubishi
Subsidies for Nakajima
Support Nippon Sōda
Aid for Chūgoku Arms Industry
Support Nissan
Industrial Partnership with Sumitomo
Sponsor Nichitsu Expansion in Korea
Back Isuzu APC Projects
Fund Nippon Electric Research Plant
Invest in Mitsui
Aid Toyo Rayon
Construct Kawasaki Aircraft Plant
The Fading Sun
The Fading Sun
We have lost control of our mainland holdings! While we can sustain war like this for now, we have little time to spare. Political support for the war is rapidly waning among the elite, and the shame of our repeated defeats has brought the masses into the streets; if the Empire is to survive we must re-establish a foothold on the mainland soon!
The Fading Sun
The loss of the Korean peninsula and Port Arthur to foreign forces is a serious blow to Japan's ongoing war efforts. Unless they are able to regain a foothold on the mainland, the domestic unrest sparked by the numerous defeats we have inflicted on them will soon force the Empire of the Rising Sun to the negotiating table.
Offer Peace to China
The Chinese have bested our armies and now control Manchuria and Korea. While they are incapable of invading the Home Islands, the shame and humiliation of this defeat have sparked massive internal unrest. The best course of action is now negotiating a peace, no matter the shame, and turning to combat our new internal problems.
Offer Peace to [From.GetNameDef]
The Russians have bested our armies and now control our territories on the mainland, avenging their defeat in 1905 once and for all. While they are incapable of invading the Home Islands, the shame and humiliation of this defeat have sparked massive internal unrest. The best course of action is now negotiating a peace, no matter the shame, and turning to combat our new internal problems.
§Y[JAP.GetName]§! or its allies control the Korean peninsula
§Y[JAP.GetName]§! or its allies control [592.GetName], [608.GetName], [613.GetName] or [716.GetName]
Any Chinese ally of the §Y[JAP.GetName]§! has not capitulated
An independent [From.GetNameDef] cannot be permitted, not within our sphere of influence. We must take action at once!
If we are to take command over the Indian sub-continent, [From.GetNameDef] should be our next target.
[From.GetNameDefCap] lies within our Pacific sphere of interest, and the time has come to enforce our will over them.
Take Over North Sakhalin
The northern half contains all of the oil on the island of Karafuto. With weak government in control of Far East, and Russia at back foot, we have never had as good chance to seize it!
As we have achieved the dream of co-prosperity in an Asia free from European exploitation, [From.GetNameDef] remains as a thorn in our side, bitter still about their defeat in 1905. We cannot have them jeopardise our great project, and preemptive action must be taken to neutralise them for good.
The Rising Sun and the Fallen Dragon
China is our neighbour, a fallen Great Power but still a massive one. After the 1911 Xinhai Revolution, the various warlords, revolutionaries, and secessionists tore the country apart but dominance over the region remains elusive. Tremendous instability and surges of nationalism have prevented our allies from maintaining a long-term hold over most of the country and rival powers have attempted to box us out. Meanwhile our own efforts at carving a sphere of influence have been hampered by contradictory policies and a lack of long-term direction.\n\nOur agents in the region have developed competing strategies for managing this quagmire, giving us flexibility at the expense of their growing autonomy. Conflict in China seems inevitable, but we can maximize our advantage while minimizing our involvement by supporting our allies on the continent.\n\nOur influence in §e[FNG.GetNameDef]§! is currently [?FNG.FNG_JAP_influence_variable|j%0].
[From.GetName] Army Expansion
Supply Arms To [From.GetNameDef]
Support [From.GetNameDef]'s Offensive
Give [From.GetNameDef] Access To Fighter Designs
Support [From.GetAdjectiveCap] Independence
Send Abdurresid Ibrahim to [ETS.GetName]
Utilise Pan-Asian Rhetoric
For years, China has been ruthlessly exploited by European powers. In the name of Pan-Asianism and brotherhood we shall wear down the Chinese resolve by appealing against this fact - if only they will come over their differences, China and Japan may work together to form a new powerful bloc that can oppose Western imperialism.
Harmony and Reconciliation
Though the warlords may resist us at every turn, the Chinese people shall see us for what we are. Many times have we warned against the exploitation of the Chinese people by the warlords, and the disasters that would unfold should China continue its current course. Only we can liberate them from this impending collapse and secure a harmonious future between China and Japan.
Unity and Peace
The time has come for the entire Chinese nation to be together again, not exploited by power-hungry warlords. We shall make the call for the warlords to stand down and truly realise the ideal that they claim to strive for.
Finish Off [FROM.GetNameDef]
For one reason or another, [FROM.GetLeader] and his [FROM.GetRulingParty] cronies have managed to avoid conflict with us, perhaps in hopes of keeping power through neutrality. But China must be united under proper authorities and we have little space for stragglers in our new order, and therefore we shall eliminate this last vestige of warlordism.
§YEvery Chinese country we are at war with§!:
Develop [From.GetNameDef]'s Arms Industry
Major [From.GetAdjectiveCap] Railroad Investment
Minor [From.GetAdjectiveCap] Railroad Investment
Develop [FNG.GetNameDef]'s Arms Industry
Harbin Chemical Research
The Jilin Industrial Region
The National Security Act
A debate in the Diet regarding the National Security Act has been raging for the past few weeks, and it is time for us to decide which course our nation will take. Some conservative members of the Diet fear that if the act isn't passed, radical elements in society will try to seize power. The future of Japan is in our hands.
Protect Constitutional Government
Japan is a beacon of modernity in Asia, and our people have long enjoyed a stability that is the envy and inspiration of many across the continent. Unfortunately, recent events have exposed cracks in our young institutions. We have work to do to restore the people's trust into our government... and to provide better security for the people's elected representatives, so that events like the May 15th Incident never happen again.
Civil Servant Purge
If we wish to root out any and all danger from socialist radicals, it is crucial we start by neutralising any political power they may have. And though some more moderate voices have been dismissing those fears as overblown, we cannot afford to take any risks: our administrative apparatus needs to be thoroughly cleaned of any ideologically undesirable element.
Promote Conciliation Unions
While a healthy democracy should allow workers to organise for better conditions, allowing unions to operate with little oversight will quickly result in factories turning into breeding grounds for radical ideology. To prevent union activity from escaping our grasp, we should promote conciliation with labour organisations that reject class struggle, and encourage employers to create and oversee their own company unions.
Investigate Corruption
After thorough examination, it seems many in our local administration have been conciliating towards other parties in exchange for gifts or favours. Worse yet, the previous Seiyūkai government has obviously been very cooperative towards powerful people some of its higher-ups turning were personally acquainted with, turning a blind eye to some shady dealings in exchange for their continued support. Such dishonesty cannot stand, and we must begin cracking down on it now.
Peace Preservation Laws
While liberal parties fought off General Tanaka's Peace Preservation Law more than a decade ago, recent events have shown that even in a democratic system, a strong hand is needed to protect its institutions from radical threats. As the final step in safeguarding Japanese parliamentarianism, the National Security Act will be amended to facilitate crackdown on anyone threatening Japan's National Essence, starting of course with known syndicalists and anarchists.
Rebuild Public Faith
With the country plagued by instability and economic hardships, it's no surprise people have been losing trust in the establishment. It is crucial we work to restore support in the democratic institution, not through intimidation or censorship, but through diplomacy. Interviews in the press, fulfilling electoral promises, and encouraging elected officials to reach out to their communities will ensure that over time, a healthy political climate is restored.
Rural Outreach
Alongside Japan's thriving industrial centres come unfortunate side effects. As it stands, the rurality has been left behind, some toiling away in conditions unfit for the twentieth century. While radical land reform would be a folly, better protection for tenants, as well as making modern farming equipment more accessible to those working the lands will help ease their burden.
Elite Mediation
In order to rebuild our government's power, we have to find allies somewhere. Luckily, the Seiyūkai has within its ranks many men with powerful connections to Japan's wealthy and powerful. Some may call it clientelism, but those people are patriots, hard at work for the Japanese nation, and will certainly be thankful, provided we give them some concessions.
Ties to the Zaibatsu
If Japanese industry has been thriving, it's in great part thanks to the Zaibatsu. Thanks to the connections many of them have with our party, we can foster a mutually beneficial relationship, offering us legitimacy, while in turn our continued patronage will prove beneficial for our economy's continued growth.
Reorganise Public Finance
The so-called 
Support from the Unions
As Japan's industrial core grew, so did the disparities between the common worker and the factory owner. Bemoaned by reactionaries and conservatives, trade unions are only the logical way for downtrodden workers to leverage better conditions against their employers. Instead of antagonising them, let's try to leverage their support by hearing out what their demands.
Protection for Tenants
Many working the earth in Japan's countryside remain landless, and remain barely able to make ends meet. While a thorough land reform will take a long time to achieve, protecting the legal rights of those working the land, and ensuring they are properly assisted in any dispute against landlords will help us win the support of much of the peasantry.
Building the Mass Party
With their recent surge in popularity and proven diplomatic prowess, the Minseitō seek to expand into a true mass party. In opposition to the corrupt and elitist Seiyūkai, they represent the common people of Japan, not the corrupt elites who want to curtail their rights. Consequently, negotiating the support of other organisations, and pushing for greater activism within the party will help its continued growth.
Parliamentary Socialism
In what many are calling an incredible upset, the Shakai Taishūtō has emerged from the general election as the great winner. The Party seeks to represent the Japanese working class and peasantry, as the country needs the support of the toiling masses. Slandered by conservatives as outright syndicalists, their goals are only to build a Japan for the many, not for the few.
Utilise the Peace Preservation Laws
Although the previous years have seen the Peace Preservation Laws used against many in our party, we can now utilise them against our opponents. Corrupt Minseitō and Seiyūkai bureaucrats with ties to industrialists will be put under scrutiny, and no longer shall private property be upheld as sacred. From this point on, the Japanese worker will be protected by any means necessary.
City Housing Projects
Many living in Japan's large cities are unable to afford appropriate places to live in, resorting to sleeping in dilapidated homes or staying in shanty towns. At the same time, we are failing to meet demand for the growing number of people moving into cities from the countryside. To ensure as many people as possible lead decent lives, a large scale public housing programme has been devised by the government.
Promote Artistic Expression
Though more and more people are moving into large city centres, few still are able to create, or even appreciate art for themselves. Cinema, painting, music, theatre... Funding should be granted to encourage creative endeavours by aspiring artists, and advertise them to our people so they may experience them. The next decades will see Japanese artists become namesake throughout Asia, and perhaps even the entire world.
Entrench a New Bureaucracy
With their gains in the latest election, the Minseitō finally have enough leverage to make sweeping changes in the administration. Many offices held by conservatives will instead be staffed by clerks from our ranks, willing to work tirelessly for democracy in Japan to flourish. Hopefully, this will also deal a significant blow to our opponents in the Seiyūkai.
Primacy of the Diet
Japan can take pride in being a shining beacon of democracy in Asia, and to keep the torch of liberalism alive, we must make sure to keep the parliament as the centrepiece of governmental decision-making. The officials that Japanese men have put their trust in must be able to properly represent them, not shackled by conservative aristocrats or a bloated bureaucracy.
Divert Funding to the Military
Though the last decade was for the most part one of economic hardships, it's safe to say that our economy is now finally back on track. One of the first things the victorious Seiyūkai will do is allocate a greater part of the budget towards defence, to ensure our place as the greatest power in East-Asia is secure for years to come.
Loosen Economic Regulations
With the threat of socialist sabotage seemingly farther than ever, and an ever-growing number of new business partners all across Asia, it is time to reconsider some of the economic regulations put in place in the previous decade. As some of our biggest supporters, who happen to be important entrepreneurs, have pointed out, a laissez-faire approach is necessary for Japan's economy to keep growing, while not leaning into it would hinder innovation and profits.
Devotion to the War Effort
The coming decade will be one of war, as great European powers yet again find themselves in open conflict. For Japan to defend her rightful place in the world, everyone must be made to understand that in these trying times, they will have to work twice as hard to provide for their countrymen fighting far away from home, for they are brave heroes of Japan, and for them to succeed, no effort is too great.
Cult of the Imperial Institution
More than a mere figurehead, the Emperor represents millennia of tradition and shared identity to the people of Japan. As the representatives of His Majesty, our goal is also to ensure our people remember that the sacrifices they make are helping protect the very essence of our nation against those who seek to alter it, for generations to come.
Towards a Nationalist Mass Party
Created by anti-mainstream politicians at odds with the establishment in their parties, the Kokumin Dōmei has emerged as a new, powerful nationalist force in parliament. If some are arguing that their victory is a step backwards for democracy, they insist that they are most fit to represent the people, unlike the sluggish parties which nearly had the nation fall to syndicalism. Japanese people will be mobilised, and made to support the state and the army in their endeavours.
Dirigiste Economics
As Japan finds herself a rising power on the world stage, it has become clear she cannot reliably trust others on the global market to act as honest, durable partners. Worse yet, many of our own countrymen have been prioritising filling their own pockets over the needs of the nation. To make sure we are never left to the whims of the market again, a great degree of state intervention in industry and banking is necessary, so the economy may run like a well-oiled machine.
Military Centralism
The era of mob rule is no more, no more shall backstabbing politicians get in the way of our nation for their own gain, now with our guidance Japan will rival the Great Powers that once look down on us.
Create the Cabinet Planning Board
Although we have gotten rid of the old system, there are skilled politicians who are still patriots that favour our cause. Creation of a cabinet planning board will help to secure our power and goals for the nation.
Budget and Policy Research Section
Individual ministries have long fought each other over the issue of funding - it is time to put an end to such petty squabbles. The creation of a new section to deal with the future budget and policy research will mend our issues while also allowing for us to maintain our long term goals for the nation.
Expand the Propaganda Agency
By giving additional funding to the Propaganda Agency, we may be able to make our message ring throughout not only Japan but Asia as well. This endeavour will be necessary in the coming years, so that all shall know of the Empire's word and seek to defend it.
Merge Small Ministries
Small and inefficient ministries often block the road to greater progress as a nation and create unnecessary red tape. To remedy this, a merger of several Ministries will be put forth, though some in the Diet may oppose our actions.
Promote Nationalist Education
No nation comes to greatness with an illiterate population, however even the best minds deterred from Japan's great destiny. To prevent this, foreign ideals must be put away in favour of the ideals of brotherhood to be taught to the youth so they can remain on the path that benefits them and their fellow countrymen.
Rationalise Industrial Development
Japan's status as a great power was forged by war and subsequent successes as other nations, and that is something we must not forget. As the world burns around us, we must rapidly convert our economy to one geared towards war, so that we will not be outdone by those who seek to destroy us.
Create the Five-Year Plan
In order to prepare our future plans, we must re-arrange our nation to put it on par with the imperialists of the west, to bring forth a new powerful industry and military on preparations to liberate Asia from the imperialists.
Reorganisation of Aerial Industries
Air power is the future of war, and it will be a necessary matter to win it. A rapid development of our aerial industries will see this future carried out.
Develop Manchurian Resources
Japan unfortunately has few natural resources of its own, but this may be rectified by investing into our allies who have an abundance. As long as they remain loyal, further investment into our ally in Manchuria is a safe bet - an investment that will serve the both of us.
Contracts with the Zaibatsu
The Zaibatsu have been somewhat of an annoyance with regards to our plans, wanting a greater amount of autonomy than is truly necessary. That being said, they can still be useful, and we may be able to form a mutually beneficial agreement with them as long as they selflessly serve the greater good of the nation.
Nationalise the Railways
Japan cannot progress when parts of its own railway system is under control of the private sector. Taking it out of the business class and bringing it fully under our control will help greatly in our future war efforts.
The National Defence State
While the Army has pushed forth a great deal of its proposals, the fact is that governments come and go, and our progress may be washed away in the future. To safeguard against the possibility, we shall create a political party that will officially unite the Japanese people and serve as a tool to keep the Diet in line.
The Shōwa Restoration
With His Majesty officially sanctioning the coup, the restoration was a success! However, the groundwork has yet to be truly laid - taking power is one thing, but governance is another. The Restorationist factions are already bickering, and to ease the tension, Premier Konoe will ensure that the restorationist cause shall be a unifying one for all of Japan.
Destroy Degenerative Individualism
Individualism - a western import - undoubtedly brings selfishness and unwillingness to serve the nation. Manifestations of it and its sister slogans - 'democracy', 'freedom', 'equality', have corrupted the nation to its very core. It is time we stamp out these concepts and work to eliminate them entirely.
Eliminate Party Politics
We believe in the unity of thought and action, not the endless, divisive bickering that has brought ruin. The economy may grow and the state prospers, but it will mean nothing if the nation dies. Only the Restorationist cause can nurture life back to the nation.
Work Through the Dōjinkai
A political movement cannot live on words alone, and to ensure that ours doesn't end up as an ineffectual flash in the pan, we need to make it clear to the businessmen, bureaucrats and career politicians who keep the country running that there is a place at the table for them.\n\nThankfully, the Shōwa Dōjinkai has been doing exactly that.
One Country, One Party
There is nothing more petty than provincial party politics. It would be much more efficient if we had a system in which all former political parties and their members were absorbed into the Taisei Yokusankai, even in the most remote villages.
Development of the Countryside
Out of sight, out of mind no more: now that the regional tycoons are part of our administration, we can venture into the hitherto unknown countryside and bring Yokusan to the masses.
Reaching Out to Big Business
The populist rhetoric of many in our coalition, calling for the curbing of the influence of businessmen and landlords and the wholesale nationalisation of industries, has alienated some of the most powerful and brightest men in our country. We must make it clear that their help is still needed in our efforts to build a new Japan.
A New Way
One effect of getting the who's who of Japan's business world in the same room is that they eventually realise that it's more efficient to work together than to compete. Collective petitions to get rid of this or that regulation, or to get so-and-so many more workers into their factories, are much more effective than the under-the-table bribery they are used to.
A Favour Between Friends
The Zaibatsu are key to maintaining Japan's continued growth, and their compliance should be proof enough of their goodwill. It is in the country's best interest that we continue this partnership and show willingness to make concessions to them, so long as they continue to support our endeavours.\n\nAfter all, what's a favour or two between friends?
Appease the Kōdōha
While it is not easy to reconcile the hardline views of the Kōdōha with the reality of running a country, we must not forget that is was them who have put our regime into power. Only a fool bites the hand that feeds him.
Shison Danran
Above all, there is a great foundation of the Japanese state: the relationship between the Emperor and his subjects, organised in a kingly way. This foundation has made Japan superior to any other nation for more than a thousand years, and it shall continue to do so.
Revere Imperial Power
The nation was always constrained by plotting bureaucrats and squabbling politicians who claimed to work in the Emperor's name, yet they only sought greed and to strengthen their own power to the detriment of His Majesty. Now that true patriots are in charge, it is time to restore power to who deserves it.
Enact Economic Controls
While industry has undeniably helped Japan become powerful, the domination of the private sector over our economy has had horrific side effects. The growth of an urbanite class, full of corrupt, American-inspired ideas aiming at curtailing the government's power, could outright jeopardise the future of Japan as a leading nation in the world. The Kōdōha pushes for curtailing capitalism's excesses, and instead focus our economy towards the war effort.
Colonial Industry
Our overseas holdings provide a good testing ground for large-scale and long-term industrialisation projects. What works for Chōsen and Manchuria today, will work for Tōhoku and Hokkaidō tomorrow. It is also quite convenient that key Kōdōha personnel are already in charge of overseeing the areas to which these industrialisation projects have been assigned.
An End to Excess
The Zaibatsu embody the worst aspects of Japanese society: corruption, nepotism, and their ties to democratic parties make it clear that we should cease all cooperation with them and work towards curtailing their influence. It will no doubt take time, but we will start a programme of nationalisation of the largest conglomerates, and start cracking down on known collaborators within our government.
Implementing Shintaisei
Throughout its existence, the Shōwa Kenkyūkai has produced many plans to fix Japan's politics, economy, global position and culture. Now that its benefactor is in power to implement these plans, Japan will be transformed according to its ideas.
Nation Service Draft Ordinance
We can ease the burden on our production lines by assigning workers directly to industrial projects that are in need of additional manpower.
Mobilise the Nation
The recent decades, thanks to parliamentarian bickering and allowing radical ideas to spread, have led Japanese society to a state of divide. Aimed at promoting kinship through patriotic associations, education and nationalising the media to foster love for the nation instead of divide, we shall make great efforts in restructuring society to strengthen the innate bond of our people, helping them remember what they are fighting and working hard for.
Independence and Self-Sufficiency
While Japan's economy is thriving, our country sadly lacks much in the way of natural resources, leaving us forced to buy them from foreign powers. Not only is the Japanese economy unfairly strained by those imports, if Japan ever finds herself cut off from western markets, it could jeopardise our war effort. As we can only rely on ourselves, we will pursue further resource extraction programmes and impose tariffs on Japanese resources, with the eventual goal of complete autarky.
Banking and Agricultural Control
Private control over banks, the agricultural sector, and more are all western plagues threatening Japan's economic and political sovereignty. To dismantle the pervasive influence of liberalism, we must introduce a government rice monopoly, and rigid control measures over banks and insurance companies, as their interests must be entirely subservient to the nation's, not the other way around.
Cabinet Information Committee
By taking direct control of the media, we can ensure the public is well-informed and on board with our government's plans.
Ennoble the National Spirit
The world of the past, and indeed of today, is one of competition - a great, total war is upon us, and all the nations shall seek to crown themselves victor. Only nations that have a strong fighting spirit, the will to prosper in the most difficult of time, have a right to exist. As a fit-to-survive nation ourselves, we will engage in war to the end, a fanatical Darwinian struggle to see Japan at the top of the mountain!
National R&D Institutes
By funding National Research and Development Institutes, we can make it easier for independent research teams to work together, improving our research output, and allowing us to better direct national research priorities.
Standardise the Railways Gauges
Our narrow-gauge railways had their advantages during construction, but now they hold back our burgeoning industry. The future waits for no-one, least of all Japan.
Prioritise Military Oil
With the country at war, oil is more vital than ever. While it is useful for many civilian purposes, it is vital for our armed forces. As such, we must prioritise oil for military uses first and foremost.
Land Reform
Land use is highly inefficient in Japan. Nearly all the factions agree that something must be done, though what exactly prompts much disagreement. Nevertheless, if we are to realise our full economic might, we must solve this issue.
Support the Zaibatsu
Over the past several decades the Zaibatsu have increased their political and economic power to a staggering degree. It would be in our best interest to cooperate with them.
Finance Factory Projects
Some Zaibatsu have requested for the state to aid them in building factories throughout the home islands. This would create many jobs and help resolve the economic crisis.
Raw Materials Excavation Endeavours
Various Zaibatsu have approached us with raw resource prospects requesting us to fund them. Our funding should give access to much needed rare resources.
Foster Technological Innovation
State funds would go a long way to ensuring that skilled Zaibatsu scientists have everything they need to push Japan forward into the future and should give the government greater control over research priorities.
The Central Railroad Plan
The Central Railroad Plan, a series of new and modernised train lines in the home islands, has been at the forefront of our continued push towards an efficient and productive society. However it has been delayed for years now, lacking both funding and expertise. Luckily however, the Zaibatsu are able to provide both and so, with their backing, the project can finally be completed.
Build New Aircraft Facilities
The aircraft industry is a vital part of national defence. As wars are likely do be decided in the air, our industry must be able to supply our pilots with many quality, home-built aircrafts. Building new aircraft factories will ensure our growing demands are met in the coming years.
Invest in Heavy Industry
For Japan to remain a competitive economic power, it is necessary that we invest further into large scale industrial projects. Said industrial projects will in turn allow us to adequately supply the state when it comes to defence.
RIKEN North
RIKEN North is the codename for a soon-to-be-established key facility in our Ni-Go Project, located in the Fukushima prefecture.\nThe Ni-Go Project is our top-secret endeavour in atomic research, aiming at separating uranium-235 by thermal diffusion.\nThe other facilities taking part in this project are at the Tokyo RIKEN complex and in Kōnan, Northern Korea.
Rocket Science
Rocket developments can not only provide us with rocket weaponry, but even, the scientists theorise, with rocket engines for high-speed travel.
Colonial Incentives
In order to save our dying agrarian sector and further expand our economy we sorely need to invest in colonial projects. The Empire is Japan's future.
Bureaucratic Economy
The government decided to reform the economy to be regulated by a bureaucratic structure. It is designed to limit the Zaibatsu's power and increase benefits for the state.
Rapid Arms Expansion
While our economy is growing, and we avoided much of the fallout of Black Monday, our arms productions still isn't what it has the potential to be. By building factories designed specifically for such purposes, we will be able to greatly expand our arms production.
Regulating the Automotive Industry
Throughout the 1920s and 1930s, Japanese domestic automotive production was too small to compete globally. To remedy this and enable domestic firms to compete with much bigger Western counterparts, we can force a merger of our many small automotive firms into a few big businesses.
Reorganise Resource Extraction
With tensions rising all over the world, it is vital for our resource extraction to happen effectively and quickly. To achieve this, firms involved in resource extraction will be subjected to greater bureaucratic supervision and forced to undergo a structural reorganisation under the government's guidance.
The Shinkansen Proposal
It is time to enact the Shinkansen proposal: create a connected set of high-speed railways and then combine them with new steam and electric locomotives. These lines would be able to carry passengers and freight at speeds never seen before.
Revise Imperial Defence Policy
Jakuniku Kyōshoku or 'Survival of the Fittest' is a fundamental understanding in our military philosophy; the Western imperialists have greatly expanded their air forces and navies and if we do not do the same we will surely fall victim to their forces. Factionalism in the army has remained and so our armed forces have been unable to reach their full potential, so deciding on our doctrine is of utmost importance.
Long War Doctrine
Proponents of Long War doctrine argue that if Japan is to survive the struggle among nations, Japan must prepare for a total war perhaps even greater in scale than the last. To this end, we must establish a strong industrial base, equip our soldiers with the latest armaments, and ready the populace for the storm to come.
Short War Doctrine
Pointing to Japan's weak industrial base, lack of resources, and position in Asia, advocates of a Short War strategy believe that Japan should instead prepare to fight a short, decisive conflict, in the style of the Russo-Japanese and Sino-Japanese wars before us, and to this end, create a large standing army capable of inflicting devastating defeats early in the war.
Phase out the Arisakas
Our bread and butter rifle, the Arisaka, has been a reliably used rifle in the past several decades but has fallen behind the latest advancements in warfare in part due to its bolt-action design. Therefore, we must upgrade our weaponry to the more powerful, and more efficient semi-automatic rifles. Doing so will ensure that our infantry stands the test of time and can triumph over even the most advanced militaries of the west.
Agile and Indomitable
Our infantry is nothing without the diversity of shells fired by their trusty howitzers. Therefore, we must not slow down their advance with a massive cannon that is difficult to transport, and a hindrance to operate. By designing a light, robust cannon while also maintaining the ability to load a powerful and destructive shell, our infantry will be absolved of any further issues in breaking enemy lines.
Supremacy of Logistics
Advancements in logistic equipment and training is a necessity to maintain a large armed force across multiple fronts in East Asia. We would be needlessly throwing away brave Japanese souls if our companies are not equipped with the most up to date support equipment. Our marines will need the latest advancements in medical technology, logistics training, as well as reconnaissance support to ensure that each invasion results in a triumph for Japan!
Backbone of the Army
Infantry are the foundation of any modern army, if our infantry were to falter in the face of our adversaries, then there would be no hope for our planned conquest over Asia. Instead we must bolster our forces, equip each man with not only the best equipment we have to offer, but also instill in them the courage to destroy Japan's enemies. Who are we to call ourselves the hegemon of East Asia without an elite ground force to back up our claims?
Armoured Experiments
Inspired by the utilisation of crude armoured vehicles during the end of the first Weltkrieg by several European powers, there have been motivations to produce a native tank design. The Army Technical Bureau has designed tanks capable of travelling at high speeds as well as being able to mitigate small firearms. These armoured divisions will prove to be a boon in the upcoming war with China!
Retention of Mobility
While in comparison to Asia our forces do not come up lacking when it comes to sheer firepower and technological superiority, it is not those factors alone that will win us wars. Having a mobile army is just as important, and in the vast Chinese plains it is what will win us decisive battles.
Coordinate Intelligence Services
Our intelligence services are currently much too disorganised, not only divided between civilian, army, and naval agencies, but too often ignored by operational command. We must strengthen inter-service cooperation so that the valuable work of our intelligence operatives can make a difference on the field of battle.
F-Agency
It is highly likely that our troops will soon be deployed for combat in tropical zones. This difficult and harsh terrain presents challenges to conducting military operations, but it may also provide an opportunity if we are able to master this style of warfare before our enemies do.
Expand the Kenpeitai
As our empire expands, so too do the dissidents who unlawfully go against our moral path. The Kenpeitai has served us in suppressing dissent at home as well as providing espionage and counterintelligence for some time now, and it is only right we continue recruitment for it.
Strengthen the IJAAS
Planes have long stopped being just reconnaissance and harassment tools. By integrating them fully into our army operations, the air force is capable of dealing damage and advancing our operations as much as the average Army Command.
Intensive Pilot Training
Japanese fighter pilot training is one of the most difficult in the world, but it is that way for a very good reason. Our planes are fast, our ground crews skilled, and our commanders smart, but nothing is more important than the courage and talent of the individual pilots.
Open New Flight Schools
Our aerial campaigns require not just a greater quality, but also quantity of pilots. New schools shall be opened to teach the recruits of the IJAAS, not only to increase the number of our air wings, but also to provide practical experience in our understanding of aerial operations.
Found the Teishindan
Experiments have proven the practicality and usefulness of using airborne forces to land troops behind enemy lines. Other nations have begun to form paratroop units, so why not our own? The Teishin Shudan shall be a new special forces unit, capable of practicing vertical envelopment and capturing key objectives.
[GetPlanEditOne]
[GetPlanEditOneDesc]
[GetPlanEditTwo]
[GetPlanEditTwoDesc]
[GetPlanEditThree]
[GetPlanEditThreeDesc]
Ideological Indoctrination
What separates the Japanese soldier from that of other countries? It is his fighting spirit, his total devotion to his country and divine Emperor, his refusal to surrender so unlike his cowardly foes. This is why Japan shall always triumph over its adversaries, for he who has no fear of death shall always be victorious!
New Field Manuals
Our current field manuals simply don't match up to the rapidly evolving standards of modern war, so updating them to maintain our operational efficiency is a necessity.
Logistics Corps
A branch in the army designated on logistical matters - ensuring we have the necessary supplies, maintenance, information, and more - will help us to overcome difficult conditions, especially in some of the more unfavourable terrain across Asia.
Envelopment Tactics
If there is a lesson to be taken from the Great War, it is that frontal assaults alone are rarely decisive. Far better it is to break through the enemy's flanks and attack the rear, causing great disorganisation at less cost to our own forces.
Expand the Army Engineering Corps
Given the varied terrain we will be fighting in, combined with the often lacking infrastructure in Asia, the creation of a specialised engineer corps would be a great boon to our armed forces. We will put funds towards just such a unit.
Update the Imperial War College
The Army War College trains the very best of our country's officer corps. Originally inspired by the Prussian Staff College, its instructional techniques have hardly changed in fifty years. It is time this revered institution has been brought up to modern standards.
Start the Third Circle Plan
As we can't fight a prolonged war with the enemy, our only option is to continue with current naval build-up and focus on an ultimate victory in a decisive battle.
Expand the SNLF
The Special Naval Landing Forces, the Marine forces of the Imperial Japanese Navy, will be crucial in the coming conflicts - through their efforts we can make landings on the Chinese coast and the East Indies alike.
Pacific Defence Zone
Japan's ability to project power across the Pacific has never been as powerful as we'd like it to be, but with recent conflicts we can ensure that control of the Pacific is in our hands. We can also defend from any incursions that threaten the Home Islands by heavily fortifying the naval bases in the ocean.
Reexamine Naval Doctrine
Seen already two decades ago, it is foolish to think that the next war will be won by decisive battle. Rather the next war will be won by resources, industry and attrition. We must change our thinking or it will kill us.
Maintain Kantai Kessen
Our dockyards and our industry have limited capacity compared to our rivals in Europe and North America, but our designers and engineers are superior in every way to them. One ship of ours will be worth a dozen of their ships.
Experimental Division
Though the Japanese fleet is mighty, it may not be up to par against the American or German fleet in terms, and should we hope to gain the upper hand in the Pacific, we have to continue investing in research and development, for it is ingenuity and thinking outside the box that will win us naval battles, not sheer firepower.
Improve the Long Lance
Torpedoes, while small, are extremely deadly weapons able to sink even the mightiest battleship, as the pathetic Russian navy learnt during the Battle of Tsushima. However, ships are much larger than 30 years ago, and so we should work to enlarge our torpedoes.
Refit Old Ships
Even if Japan's fleet is among the largest in the world in size, many of our ships are not up to date, and they would struggle to perform in a future conflict. As we find ourselves lacking the resources to build a new fleet from scratch, we should instead aim to build upon our older ships and give them proper equipment, so that they may be almost as good as new.
Revise Kantai Kessen
Our current fleet is not designed up to our new doctrinal changes. It just doesn't have sufficient numbers of smaller vessels required for the new tasks. There is only one option to solve this situation; a massive build-up of unified, simplified and especially modular designs.
Expand Shipping Capacity
Warships may be more impressive, but merchant shipping is just as, if not more, important in sustaining the war effort. This is especially true for us, as being an island nation, we must necessarily import resources and supply our expeditionary forces by sea.
[GetMaruKeikaku]
The 4th Naval Armaments Supplement Programme, or Fourth Maru Keikaku, is the Naval Ministry's latest outline for the expansion of the IJN. With a six-year timeframe and a budget of hundreds of thousands of yen, we are expecting to produce dozens of vessels of all types.
Expand Personnel Reserves
Though it is often overlooked, the navy has manpower requirements in the same way that the army does. Building up the size of our naval reserves will enable us to quickly replace losses.
Scrap And Build Programme
Though our navy is vast, strength is measured in more than just tonnage. Many of our vessels are frankly out-of-date and cannot compete with modern warships. We should move to scrap these old ships and use the salvage to construct replacements fitted with the latest in naval technology.
Naval Wargames
Research has shown the usefulness of holding military simulations, not just in generally training our officers, but for actually predicting the outcomes and efficacy of potential military operations. Conducting such simulations will be indispensable as we develop our war plans.
Destroyer Development
Far from their origin as torpedo boat destroyers, modern destroyers have become the quintessential screening vessel and an indispensable tool in antisubmarine warfare. Destroyer designs are only going to become bigger and faster, so we must keep pace.
Floating Fortresses
Everyone knows that naval aviation has become a decisive factor in modern naval warfare. Aircraft carriers are especially important for us, with their ability to project power across our growing Pacific empire. Therefore, we must increase the number of carrier groups we can field.
Diversify Submarine Models
Whether for fleet-to-fleet combat, commerce raiding, or even supply, submarines are an indispensable component of the fleet. With so many potential roles to play, we must diversify and produce a broad slate of different kinds of submarines.
Leviathans of the Pacific
Despite the coming of aircraft carriers, battleships remain the pride of the IJN: they are the biggest, toughest, and strongest warships afloat, embodying the might of the Japanese Empire. With even more technologically advanced battleships, we will be able to inflict decisive defeat upon any foe who dares challenge us.
Cruiser Innovation Efforts
For our great battleships to effectively fight against opposing fleets, they must be properly escorted. Investing in the development of medium and light cruisers is primordial for our navy to retain its supremacy over the pacific.
Naval Aviation Department
Without planes our carriers are just metal boxes which can float. We must ensure that our carriers will always be equipped with only the best planes and pilots.
The Zero
Thanks to the efforts of the Mitsubishi Aircraft Company, we have been able to design a new fighter that will serve our efforts both on the sea and the land. The Zero, as it is called, will be a cutting-edge carrier based fighter.
Army Improvement
While the traditionalists in the army have pushed for an expansion in the size of our standing army, the reformists have pushed for the change to triangular divisions so that we may have better operational effectiveness on the battlefield. Only time will tell which plan will work out.
Planning for War
The traditionalists in the army have called for extensive planning to understand the geography and gather intel on our opposing armies, while the reformists have called for grand investment into science to wield technological superiority over the enemy.
Mobilisation Campaign
The reformists in the army have pointed to a grand national mobilisation as the way Japan will come out on top in its conflicts, whereas the traditionalists have pointed to emphasising the moral superiority and the sacred duty the Imperial army must commit itself to so that it may endure the next war.
Expand the Standing Army
Size isn't everything, but numerical superiority inherently has multiple advantages - we can count on less catastrophic losses, maintain a broad range of specialised units, and deploy troops wide and far across Asia.
Extensive War Planning
Knowing the terrain of our enemy, gathering intel on them and understanding where to strike is of utmost importance if we're to land a knockout blow. Whether it be the plains of China or the jungles of Burma, understanding the importance of natural barriers will be the key to winning our wars.
Spiritual Mobilisation
Wars are not won simply with the clash of bullets from the ground, sea or sky - but the ability to not give up. Whoever shall win a war, it will be because they had the strength to keep going, and soldiers of the Empire shall know what they are fighting for when they land the first decisive strike.
Establish Triangle Divisions
Triangular divisions are smaller than square divisions, and thus do not have the same command and control issues that square divisions have. While they may consist of less manpower per division, they are more mobile and able to carry greater firepower. It is time we make the shift over.
Scientific War Planning
What Japan lacks in resources and sheer economic output, we can make up for by emphasising the importance of technology. It is only by being technologically superior than our foes in Asia that we shall overcome our natural deficiencies.
National Mobilisation
Wars are not won simply with the clash of bullets from the ground, sea or sky - but the one who was able to properly commit their entire people to the war effort. One hundred million are singing their praises of Japan's holy effort to liberate Asia from Western imperialism, all united and committed to see our final victory in the end.
Revise the Third Circle Plan
Start the Fourth Circle Plan
Third Naval Armaments Supplement Programme
Naval Innovation Division
The Long Lance
Naval Aviation Breakthroughs
Quality Shipbuilding
Mass Shipbuilding
Naval Personnel Expansion
Hakkō Ichiu
Japan's correct direction on the world stage has long been debated between military scholars and ideologues alike but all agree, is all the world not better when it is under one roof?
Nanshin-ron
For all its strengths, Japan has a key strategic disadvantage in its dependency on foreign oil. In the pursuit of self-reliance and security against ever-encroaching Western imperialism, surely it would be both wise and just to acquire these resources for ourselves, and in so-doing widen our sphere of security?
Extend The Pacific Security Zone
With America in chaos, we can ill afford to ignore the opportunity presented. Proposals for creating a Pacific Security Zone that would extend our reach and protection to their far-flung Pacific possessions have come forward and are under serious consideration.
Seize the American Pacific
Now that their position in the Pacific is weakened, we can make our move to annex Hawaii and the American Pacific Islands, securing an impenetrable cordon around our empire in the Pacific Ocean.
Target: East Indies
For centuries the islands of the East Indies have toiled for their Dutch colonial rulers, its vast resources lining European pockets. This practice must end. We shall liberate these assets for the Co-Prosperity Sphere, where they rightfully belong!
Bring the Philippines into the Fold!
The start of the American Civil War crippled American power projection in the Pacific, leaving the Philippines (their former colony) exceedingly vulnerable. While we certainly would have preferred that the new Republic peaceful align with us, the Philippine government has foolishly rejected our overtures. Unfortunately for them, their strategic location and bases are simply too valuable to be ignored, and so they shall be brought into the Sphere by force.
Create the South Seas Territory
Every single island in the Pacific not held by us could act as a staging point to invade our Home Islands. The German Empire has no right to any of these islands and so they are ours for the rightful taking. First will formalise our claims to the area with the South Seas Territory. We can then use those claims to bring them into our empire, be that with diplomacy or the might of the Japanese Imperial Navy.
Issue Colonial Ultimatum
We must use this opportunity to claim our rightful role as the sole great power in Asia and in the Pacific: we must demand all [GER.GetAdjective] South-East Asian and Pacific possessions, as well as their Chinese concessions. If they don't meet our demands, then it shall be war!
Target: Indochina
An independent Indochina does not align with our strategic plans for the region. We must make a move to secure it as soon as possible.
Bring Siam into the Fold!
We'd held out hopes that the Siamese would prove amenable to an alliance, but seeing as that isn't the case we must exert force to bring them in line.
New Order in East Asia
With Russia not a threat across the Amur River and the Americans embroiled in a civil war, the time has come to fulfil our destiny. China is weak, corrupt and divided and must be lead into the modern age under the guidance of Japan. If the Chinese don't agree, then we shall simply have to teach them a harsh lesson about defiance.
Mantetsu Projects
Mantetsu manages the railways of Manchuria and Korea on our behalf, and is deeply involved with the economy of North-West China as a result. As we expand our influence into the interior and the coast of our Chinese proxy, they are sure to propose increasingly ambitious projects to develop the region.
Support Warlord Allies
Many of China's warlords are lining up to bow down and receive Japanese power to back them up like the Old Marshal did. We should oblige them and ensure they are well-equipped to be our proxies in China.
Five Races under the Sun
While many warlords fly the five-coloured flag, the truth is that the Han Chinese have suppressed the other four races of China for centuries. Under our guidance, we shall assist those downtrodden by their oppression and work to divide China more thoroughly regardless of the opinions of our proxies.
National Mobilisation Law
The war in China promises to be an immense undertaking that will tax us to the limit. We must ensure the people are ready to bear the burden of warfare of this grand scale.
Peace and Reconstruction
The years-long period of warlordism is coming to an end as our troops have successfully occupied the two ancient capitals of China, but it is not over yet. The warlords continue to resist our efforts to make China whole again, ironically something they claim to champion. Promoting peace, reconciliation and reconstruction - ideals truly worth striving for - will be our key to ending this conflict once and for all.
These decisions will weaken the Chinese factions we are at war with.
Victory with a Vision
An endless war of attrition will benefit no one. Those who say we came into conflict with the warlords due to some noble desire to reunite the Chinese people and pan-Asian prosperity have it wrong: this is a great war to dominate all of East Asia, and we intend to ensure that our hard-won gains will ensure prosperity back home.
Continental Warfare
A series of decisive battles has been planned called Operation Ichi-gō, intended to link up our various armies and crush the Chinese once and for all. We are staking a great deal on this, and if we should prove to be unsuccessful, our stability is sure to suffer as the war will seem un-winnable to the public. But we have every faith in our generals to bring victory at last. Forward Japanese soldiers! Tennō Heika Banzai!
The Fruits of Loyalty
The government of Zhang Zuolin has been our main ally in China for many years, and supporting him in his quest to unify China has been our goal and the reason for this war. It is therefore imperative that we turn over all land we have taken that he claims as a core part of China.
Dismantle the Legation Cities
The self-righteous westerners who run [LEC.GetNameDef] have seen fit to exclude us from their councils and halls of power. We shall show them the price of their impudence.
Host the Tokyo Conference
Pan-Asian thought is genuinely supported by a large segment of the political classes and is a useful tool regardless. By hosting a major conference in Tokyo and inviting diplomats from all over Asia we can encourage cooperation between Asiatics to stand against Western Imperialism.
The Osaka Economic Bureau
In Osaka, one of our major industrial cities and a historic trade hub, we have decided to set up a commission drawn from all over Asia. Its duties are mainly concerning the economic ties between members of the Greater East-Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere. By putting resources into this, we can promote autarky and economic self-confidence amongst Asians, and extend our influence over them further.
A Mission To India
[PRF.GetNameDefCap] is ready for recruitment into our folds. They have reason to fear both renewed domination by Europe as well as the syndicalists which sit on their borders. A better option than attempting to subjugate India ourselves is to throw our lot in with a champion, one that we can cultivate as our ally.
Target: India
India is a power that lies in the wings, and one with enough manpower to tip the scales should we let them exist outside of our control for too long. We must act to subjugate them, and quickly.
Isolate Australasia
The Co-Prosperity Sphere's grip on trade in the Pacific is strong, and we should showcase this via punitive sanctions on the imperialistic outpost of European colonialism that is '[AST.GetNameDefCap]'.
Integrate The Greater Asian Economy
Economic power is the key to all, and with undisputed mastery over Asia at our disposal we can begin the process we started in Osaka: tying the economies of East Asia closer to us in order to make them subject to our will.
Proclaim Victory Over Imperialism
Finally, victory is in our grasp. Japan is the undisputed master of all East Asia! We have put our rivals into their place and drove out the Europeans from what is rightfully ours. The Home Isles are the humming centre of Asian economy. When the tiger roars the world trembles!
'Prosperity' Ships
We are already building our ships by using certain serial build modules, but now our demand for cargo ships is higher than even before. Our bright engineers propose to build whole ships from modules which will be manufactured on a factory line.
Co-prosperity Naval Development Plan
The dockyard capacity of most of our allies is just laughable. While their workers will never match up to the Japanese spirit, we must support their naval capacity build-up as each and every ship will be needed in the next war.
Naval Engineering Assistance
The target of the Naval Engineering Assistance programme is simple; allow our allies build something more than mere cargo ships.
Unified Production
Now that our allies' naval production is up and running, we can use their new capacity to build a fleet big enough to protect the entire sphere.
Dawn of a Revolution
For thousands of years, emperors and shoguns have led Japan - establishing a precedent of imperial authority. Now the Japanese proletariat have found their chains broken as the revolution has finally arrived to the shores of the Home Islands and a new dawn is to begin.
Dismantle the Tools of Capitalism
Purge Reactionaries
Renounce Imperialism
Restore Faith in the Civilian Government
The Communist Supremacy
Create the United Front
Total Government Nationalisation
Dismantle the Zaibatsus
Radical Land Distribution
Launch the Five Year Plan
Reorganise the Central Committee
Enforce Ideological Purity
Shining Communist Republic
Found the Sōhyō
Promote Fair Land Redistribution
Nationalise the Zaibatsus
Create People's Communes
Strengthen Worker's Councils
The Red Flag Shall Fly Here!
Emancipate Women
Create the Socialist Youth League
Encourage Revolutionary Culture
Sponser Overseas Revolutionary Studies
White Dawn Eclipses Red Sun
For the first time in Japanese history, Japan now finds itself occupied and at the mercy of the formerly inferior Chinese nation and peoples. The Chinese Kuomintang is determined to remodel and reorganise Japan into a new anti-imperialist state guided by the Three Principles of the People.
Total Demobilisation
Military Tribunal for the Far East
War Reparations Order
The First Stage of Revolution
Promote the Workers' Rights
Encourage Local Controlled Elections
Strive Towards Social Equity
Pan-Asian Sisterhood
National Reconstruction Commission
Create the Welfare State
Revive the Yen
Adopt National Capitalism
Combat the Shame of Defeatism
Joint Sino-Japanese Construction Scheme
Sino-Japanese Study Programme
Japanese Branch of the Youth Corps
Establish the Self-Defence Corps
Form a Transitional Government
Replace the Wartime Cabinet
Price and Inflation Controls
Emergency Relief for War-torn Areas
Question of the Imperial Family
Break Up the Taisei Yokusankai
Dismantle the National Defence State
Repeal the Peace Preservation Laws
[DemPupGetFinishingPolFocus]
Pressure the Dissolution of the Zaibatsu
Constitutional Amendments
Industrial Demobilisation
Push Through the Trade Union Law
Nationalisation of Coal Mines
Ramp Up Relief Efforts for Peasants
Blossom of a Freer Japan
National Economic Board
Place Restrictions on Diet Representatives
Subsidy for Industrial Centers
New Labour Standards Act for the Zaibatsu
Mutual Economic Aid with the Big Four
Turn a Blind Eye to Monopolies
A New Sun in the Sky
Redistribution of Land
Estabilish the Japanese National Railway
Emancipation of Women
Reorganise the Writing System
Breakdown of State Shintō
Create the National Police Reserve
Reestablish Centralised Command Structures
Study from Past Defeats
Subversive Activities Prevention Law
Host Joint Military Exercises
Revitalise the Defence Industry
Create the Air Self-Defence Force
Focus on Agility
Focus on Range Capabilities
The Air War of the Future
Install Island Defences
Create the Coastal Security Force
Transport Ship Programme
Create the Mine Warfare Force
Doctrine of Coastal Protection
Organise the Maritime Self-Defence Force
The §H$JAP_asian_economic_sphere$§! is an economic and political alliance that is working together to overthrow the influence of Western Imperialism in Asia. Japan, as its leader, gives economic support to its other members, at the price of exploiting its natural resources and entrenching its political influence.
The Japanese Co-Prosperity Sphere
Our national alliance is one of Asians working together to overthrow the influence of Western Imperialism. Together we will prosper, and Japan will prosper even more with these allies lifting us ever higher.\n\nCurrent members of our economic sphere: [JAP_ally0][JAP_ally1][JAP_ally2][JAP_ally3][JAP_ally4][JAP_ally5][JAP_ally6][JAP_ally7][JAP_ally8][JAP_ally9][JAP_ally10][JAP_ally11][JAP_ally12][JAP_ally13][JAP_ally14]
Invite [From.GetNameDef] into our Alliance
With the [From.GetAdjective] government having indicated its interest in an alliance at the Tokyo Conference, now it remains only a formality to conclude our talks.
Invite [From.GetNameDef] into our Economic Sphere
[From.GetNameDefCap] is either an unaligned nation or it is already a Japanese ally, and in either case is an excellent candidate for us to approach for admittance into our 'Greater Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere... for their benefit and especially for ours.
Promote Investment in [From.GetNameDef]
We should begin investment in [From.GetNameDef], which will not only give us easier access to their trade but will allow us to build a Japanese presence in the country and, eventually, take it over from the inside.
Promote Naval Investment in [From.GetNameDef]
We should begin investment in [From.GetNameDef], which will not only give us easier access to their trade but will allow us to build a Japanese presence in the country and, eventually, take it over from the inside.
Send Naval Advisors to [From.GetNameDef]
We should send advisors to [From.GetNameDef], which will help with development of their naval base.
Japanese Naval Advisors
Share Prosperity Ship Plans with [From.GetNameDef]
We should send \
Take Over [From.GetNameDef] Dockyards
Our naval yards in the Home Islands currently struggle to fulfil the IJA's needs. Now we must make use of the facilities we built for our junior partners in the Co-Prosperity Sphere. All for their own protection, of course.
Take Over [From.GetNameDef]
Our economic penetration of [From.GetNameDef] has grown to the point where [Root.GetNameDef] dominates them entirely. The [From.GetAdjective] government is already subject to our wishes... now it only remains is to discard the polite fiction of their independence.
The Japanese Co-Prosperity Sphere
The Co-Prosperity Sphere is one part about a military alliance, and one part about economic cooperation - though both aspects are overlorded by [JAP.GetNameDef], which looms large over eastern Asia. The Japanese are determined to fight against the encroachment of Western Imperialism, even if - to some degree - it means they become imperialists themselves.
Foreign Policy Decisions
Join the Riken Research Group
Request Naval Advisors
Withdraw from Military Alliance
We no longer have any need of our military alliance with [JAP.GetNameDef]. Let us end it now.
Withdraw from Economic Sphere
Despite the benefits it offers us, our membership in the Japanese economic sphere raises concerns regarding our independence. We should withdraw from our cooperation with the Japanese immediately.
Nationalise Japanese Investments
The growing presence of Japanese investors in [Root.GetNameDef] is causing great concern. Though the price will be steep, and it requires us to also withdraw from the Japanese economic sphere completely, we should nationalise their investments and prevent them from growing their control over the [Root.GetAdjective] economy to the point where we will become little more than a puppet for their interests.
Imperial Glory
Japan has not always received the respect it deserves. While things have changed over the last 30 years, much remains the same. In light of this, we trust that every citizen will do their patriotic duty; none shall stop us.\n\nWe are the most powerful nation in Asia and the fruits of war should be ours and ours alone.
East Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere
This represents the overall boost to our economy received from our central place within the Co-Prosperity Sphere. The more members we add, and the greater their industry, the better off we become.
East Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere
This represents the overall boost to our economy received from our membership within Japan's Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere. The more members in the sphere, and the greater their collective industry, the better off we all become.
Economic Penetration: Low
The Japanese investment in our country is a formidable force that helps spur on our economic growth... but the more their influence spreads, the more subservient we become to the needs of their ever-growing economy.
Economic Penetration: Moderate
$JAP_member_integration_1_desc$
Economic Penetration: High
$JAP_member_integration_1_desc$
Japanese Advisors
Japanese Embargo
Prosperity Ships
The Japanese colonial empire has §Rnot§! dissolved
Unaligned and subject East Asian nations may now be invited into Japan's sphere of economic influence
May now take decisions to promote investment in sphere members, which - over time - can lead to Japanese control over the country
§Y[Root.GetNameDefCap]§! will withdraw from the Japanese economic sphere
§Y[This.GetNameDefCap]§! will withdraw from the Japanese economic sphere
Selecting this focus will start the Tokyo Conference event chain.
Attendees will be §Glikely§! to agree.
Attendees will be §Gextremely likely§! to agree.
Attendees are §Gcertain§! to agree.
Our economic bonuses from the Co-Prosperity Sphere will be §rreduced§! by §H10%§!, and our members' will be increased by that same amount.
£decision_icon_small §HPromote Investment in§! and £decision_icon_small §HTake Over§! decisions will §Hincrease§! in cost by £GFX_pol_power  75 and £GFX_pol_power  125 respectively.
§Y[AST.GetNameDefCap]§! will join the Japanese economic sphere
has ties with Japan
§YWe will be able to decide the fate of [LEC.GetNameDef]§!
§YWe will demand the annexation of [LEC.GetNameDef]. §RThis may trigger a wider war with China or outside powers.§!§!
After the successive humiliations at the Spa Peace Conference and the Tsingtao Accord, not all was well in the Empire of the Rising Sun. A period of economic upheaval culminated in a syndicalist attempt on the life of Prince-Regent Hirohito in 1926, and a year of crisis saw a succession of unstable governments - first General Tanaka's, then the democratic Coalition Cabinet - and an intervention in north-east China. As 1936 dawns, however, Japan seems poised to extend their empire - with Germany's dominance appearing to be in decline, the Japanese look hungrily at German-dominated China and the German Pacific possessions...
GFX_JAP_intro
Recovering from the Lost Decade
In what has come to be called the 'Lost Decade', the 1920s were marked by economic depression and political instability in Japan. The plight was particularly severe in the agricultural sector and caused a massive demographic change, as farmers fled from the depressed countryside to urban areas, flooding the labour market, and further driving down wages.\n\nAfter leaving the Kenseikai-led 'Constitutionalist Coalition' and taking charge of the Government, Inukai and his cabinet successfully expanded the Japanese sphere of influence into Manchuria and the edges of Siberia, acquiring a vital export market for the Japanese economy, but the agricultural situation continued to deteriorate as cheap agricultural imports from Manchuria bled into the countryside. As 1936 dawns, continued rearmament and state investment have fully rebuilt the industrial economy, but the issue of rural poverty remains chronic and unsolved.
§MMinseitō§! / §MSeiyūkai§! / §MShakai Taishūtō§! / §MKokumin Dōmei§! ($market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$ / $authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Force through the National Security Act.\n£white_dot If the §cSeiyūkai§! kept their majority during the 1936 election, the Emperor will always give them support, otherwise you must choose \
Japan AI Path Selection
Dem
MilCent
Restorationist
Dissolution of the Diet
The four-year term of the incumbent Imperial Diet elected in 1932 is ending. Prime Minister Inukai Tsuyoshi has called for a general election to happen as soon as possible.
Very well.
General Election of 1936
After the Constitutional Restoration of 1926 and the ensuing political realignment, two parties came to dominate Japanese politics: the conservative Rikken Seiyūkai (Association of Friends of Constitutional Government) and the liberal Rikken Minseitō (Constitutional Democratic Party).\n\nThe Seiyūkai won an absolute majority in the 1932 general election, but support in the countryside (its traditional voting base) has been declining. As the political atmosphere turns against the ruling party, the Minseitō, formerly known as the Kenseikai (Constitutional Government Association), has consolidated its urban voting base and is beginning to expand into the countryside, hoping to break the Seiyūkai's absolute majority in the Diet. A new, third player in the 1936 general election is the Shakai Taishūtō (Socialist Masses Party), founded in 1933 by social democrats and trade unionists.\n\nIt is now time to see if the Seiyūkai have retained enough seats to retain an absolute majority...
The Seiyūkai have defended their absolute majority!
The Seiyūkai have lost their absolute majority!
The Assassination of Katayama Sen
Born in 1859, Katayama Sen was one of the most senior syndicalist leaders in Japan, known as the 'father of Japanese syndicalism'. Exiled to the US after participating in the early social democratic movement, Katayama witnessed and was influenced by John Reed's syndicalist activities and the development of the IWW. Katayama returned to Japan after the Constitutional Restoration of 1926 and founded the first legal syndicalist party in Japan, the Rōdō-Nōmintō (Labour-Farmer Party), and after it was declared illegal in 1932, he helped found the current Shakai Taishūtō.\n\nYesterday, while visiting Kyōto to congratulate Shakai Taishūtō member Yamamoto Senji on his election, a gang of three right-wingers stormed his office and beat the two men with clubs. Yamamoto survived, but Katayama, aged 76, never regained consciousness and died earlier today.
This will be bad...
Friction Within the Japanese Left
The shock of the assassination of Katayama Sen initially united the Shakai Taishūtō in solidarity against the \
An interesting development.
The May 15th Incident
The Prime Minister has been assassinated! A group of eleven radical junior navy officers connected to the Nichirōkei broke into the official residence of Prime Minister Inukai and shot him dead. They claim to have done so to avenge the death of Katayama Sen and the murder of some workers in Niigata. The incident has greatly shocked the nation, and the Admiralty Board, mortified by the incident, has already begun a court-martial and a thorough investigation of radical activities within the Navy.
Appoint Suzuki Kisaburō to replace Inukai.
Restorationists and Centralists
The current political instability and the ineptitude of the political establishment have rekindled the flames of the Restorationist cause. While Lt. Col. Hashimoto's ever-secretive 'Sakurakai' has been the historical hotbed of anti-establishment thought in the military, the recent years have seen a surge in membership of General Araki's 'Kōdōha'.\n\nThe Kōdōha, or Imperial Way Faction, has gained much momentum through the organisational efforts of its radical junior officers, who openly share their beliefs in anti-capitalism, anti-oligarchism and anti-parliamentarism. Usually from underprivileged and/or humble backgrounds, many of these officers have experienced poverty from childhood and have observed what they see as the evil influence of favouritism, which fits with their view that the establishment has seized power from the Emperor and is leading the nation into the abyss. The Restorationist solution is simple: to sweep out the ruling establishment and restore all power to the Emperor, and from there initiate a complete national reform.\n\nThey are opposed by a loose coalition of more moderate army officers, whom they derisively call the 'Tōseiha', or Control Faction. But even these so-called moderates are reaching a breaking point. The greatest opposition to the Kōdōha comes from a group of officers who are close to the central military leadership who, while supporting cooperation with the establishment, have come to believe in the need for a re-militarisation of politics.
This will be trouble...
The Security Debate
The atmosphere in the Imperial Diet has become increasingly tense in recent months, and has now reached a frightening level. Many members fear for their lives, so progress isn't just a matter of political power or personal pride, but of survival. There is a growing consensus that the current security laws aren't enough to protect democracy and that more is needed. The May 15th Incident must not be allowed to happen again.
A comprehensive law, an act, must be made!
The National Security Act
The infamous Peace Preservation Act was introduced in early 1924 by the Tanaka regime in the midst of the Red Scare following the Kantō anarchist uprising in September 1923 and a syndicalist assassination attempt on the then Crown Prince Hirohito in December of that year. The Act drastically curtailed civil rights and symbolised the draconian rule of General Tanaka. It was repealed when the regime was brought down by the Constitutional Restoration of 1926, but Prime Minister Suzuki Kisaburō now wants to reintroduce it, or rather, a slightly reworked version of it, under the name 'National Security Act'. He has faced strong opposition, even from within his own cabinet, and public opinion has sunk to a new low, but Suzuki believes its reintroduction is a necessary step to counter the rising tide of radicalism, and he is not alone in this view. A cross-party parliamentary group led by Nakajima Chikuhei of the Seiyūkai and Adachi Kenzō of the Minseitō, has declared the Act to be the 'last bulwark of constitutional government' and supports its passage. The House of Peers and the Privy Council are also in favour of the Act.
We must defend our Democracy by any means necessary; the Act will be enforced.
We cannot in good conscience go against public opinion.
The Trial of the May 15th Incident
The court-martial of the eleven murderers of Prime Minister Inukai began last month. Before the end of their trial, the court received a petition with over 350,000 signatures in blood from sympathisers all over the country pleading for a lenient sentence. In addition to the petition, the court also received a request from eleven youths in Niigata who asked that they be executed in place of the Navy officers, and sent eleven severed fingers to the court as a gesture of their sincerity! The whole trial was unpopular enough to persuade the court to speed up the process, and although the death sentences were only handed down yesterday, the assassins were executed at dawn today.
This country is going crazy...
The Assassination of Suzuki Kisaburō
The unthinkable has happened again! Prime Minister Suzuki and his brother-in-law Hatoyama Ichirō were attending a party rally in Kawagoe today. As Hatoyama stood up to deliver his speech, a syndicalist terrorist from the 'Saitama Youth Volunteer Corps for National Salvation' shot Suzuki and Hatoyama in retaliation for the execution of Prime Minister Inukai's assassins. Suzuki's wound proved fatal.
Gomeifuku wo inorimasu.
Government under Fire
Unsurprisingly, the failure to pass the National Security Act has led to a backlash against the Prime Minister. The conservatives and bureaucrats who supported the bill feel betrayed by Suzuki's backing down. The House of Peers and the Privy Council, disappointed by the Government's inability to take deal with the recent wave of radicalism, have lost all their patience with the cabinet.
Suzuki's days are numbered...
Resignation of Suzuki Kisaburō
Abandoned by everyone, the humiliated Prime Minister Suzuki resigned when the Peers passed a censure motion denouncing the cabinet and, with lukewarm support, former Home Minister Mizuno Rentarō was appointed in his place. Ominously, the Privy Council and its ultra-conservative chairman Baron Hiranuma issued a statement declaring that the 'parliamentary impotency' needs to be replaced by a more stable system.
Call emergency convention!
The Election of Mizuno Rentarō
The death of Suzuki stunned the Rikken Seiyūkai and an emergency convention was called. The bureaucratic Tokonami faction (named after Tokonami Takejirō (1867-1935), chairman of the pro-Tanaka Seiyū Hontō during the Tanaka dictatorship and its aftermath) has been crippled by the loss of its leader, leaving the reactionary Nakajima faction to take control of the party. From his new post as Director of General Affairs, Nakajima enjoys decision-making power over the entire party, although he has stopped short of crowning himself chairman, instead appointing current Prime Minister and Tokonami-aligned Mizuno Rentarō.
The resignation of Suzuki stunned the Rikken Seiyūkai and an emergency convention was called. The bureaucratic Tokonami faction (named after Tokonami Takejirō (1867-1935), chairman of the pro-Tanaka Seiyū Hontō during the Tanaka dictatorship and its aftermath) has been crippled by the loss of its leader, leaving the reactionary Nakajima faction to take control of the party. From his new post as Director of General Affairs, Nakajima enjoys decision-making power over the entire party, although he has stopped short of crowning himself chairman, instead appointing current Prime Minister and Tokonami-aligned Mizuno Rentarō.
Finally, some stability in politics.
Japan's Longest Summer
The Japanese government has found itself effectively paralysed. The downfall of two successive Seiyūkai Prime Ministers has severely weakened the power of the new Prime Minister, and Hiranuma's open scheme to destroy the parliamentary system has only exacerbated the political turmoil. Extremist groups are growing by the day, and the military is becoming increasingly frustrated. Several high-ranking officers within the Army have hatched a plot to overthrow the civilian administration and 'save' the Empire. The conspirators have approached Army Minister Hayashi Senjuro for his support...
The future of Japan lies in his choice...
Japan's Longest Day
After ten years of political disgrace, the army has seized power again, this time in a coup d'état. 'Parliamentary impotency' has indeed been replaced by a more 'stable' system. The ultra-conservative Baron Hiranuma Kiichirō has played his hand well, he is now Prime Minister, and a state of martial law has been declared throughout all of the Greater Japanese Empire.
Banzai!
Failed Coup Attempt
Even though the Army Minister refused to support the coup, he made no effort to stop the plot. The plotters took this as a sign of approval, and proceeded. This morning, the coup forces seized the Metropolitan Police Headquarters, the Prime Minister's Residence, and the new Imperial Diet Building, but failed to occupy the Imperial Palace. To the conspirators' surprise, the Emperor resisted the coup d'état and issued an Imperial Command to suppress the rebels, sealing their fate. The coup forces surrendered without resistance and key conspirators were quickly captured, some taking their own lives before they could be arrested.
Democracy has prevailed!
A New Power Struggle
The Coup was carried out by a broad coalition of units, but few did so with the enthusiasm of the Kōdōha junior officers and their associates. Indeed, they were happy enough to do their utmost to overthrow the ever-inept elected government, seeing the parliamentary system for what it was: a plutocratic capitalist institution.\n\nBut little has changed under the new government. Hiranuma and his ilk and the Tōseiha, those controlling frauds, have gleefully taken their leading roles in the new regime - and the Kōdōha have been sidelined for their 'radicalism'. So the junior officers have concluded that they, and Japan as a whole, have been betrayed. Once again, the establishment has seized power from the Emperor and is leading the nation into a different kind of abyss. A new power struggle is beginning.
Will this ever end?
The Kōdōha Counter-Coup
Earlier today, Kōdōha junior officers from units in the Tokyo area have staged a new coup d'état! Early this morning, 1,400 officers and enlisted soldiers set out to take control of key communications and administrative facilities. The Army Ministry, the General Staff Office, the Metropolitan Police Headquarters, the Prime Minister's Official Residence and the Imperial Diet Building were all quickly taken, and the Imperial Palace went under siege. In the afternoon, the Emperor himself addressed the soldiers and announced his official support for their revolution.\n\nTo ensure proper governance this time, General Araki has recommended Prince Konoe Fumimaro for the position of Prime Minister. Konoe has connections with various intellectuals, publicists and other notables who are sympathetic to the Restorationist cause, and is expected to find a way to create a Japan that is more in line with the Kōdōha's views.
The coup is successful!
Restorationist Coup Attempt
Earlier today, Kōdōha junior officers from units in the Tokyo area have staged a new coup d'état! Early this morning, 1,400 officers and enlisted soldiers set out to take control of key communications and administrative facilities. The Army Ministry, the General Staff Office, the Metropolitan Police Headquarters, the Prime Minister's Official Residence and the Imperial Diet Building were all quickly taken, and the Imperial Palace went under siege. After the Emperor explicitly denounced the putschists the Navy mobilised marine divisions to rescue the palace, and by the evening the coup was crushed.
Thank god for the navy!
The Coup Is Defeated
The Restorationist coup is defeated. Branded traitors, the Restorationists are being purged throughout the country. There are calls for the Army to take a greater role in government to help root out both the traitors and the syndicalists.
Army Minister Hayashi will assume the premiership.
The Government of National Unity
Nakajima Chikuhei of the Seiyūkai and Adachi Kenzō of the Minseitō, both supporters of the National Security Act, have issued a joint statement, urging the two mainstream parties to form a multi-party 'Government of National Unity' to protect the Kokutai (national polity) from the syndicalist threat.
We need a strong government.
We don't need your nonsense; an election is what we need!
On the Basic Principles of National Defence
After taking power, the Centralists sought a political blueprint for their new regime. They have presented such a blueprint, titled 'On the Basic Principles of National Defence' and have distributed it among the Centralist leadership. Envisioning an 'Advanced National Defence State' (Kōdō Kokubō Kokka), the document proposes to transform the state into one geared and ready for total war. To this end, not only must Japan's economic structure be reorganised along a militarist line, but the Japanese people must be 'ideologically enlightened' to abandon self-interest. They must abandon class struggle, which is harmful to national security, and restructure society along a moral economic line.
This is the path we must take.
On The Fundamental Principles of the National Structure
'On The Fundamental Principles of the National Structure' is a 156 page pamphlet produced by the Ministry of Education to establish an official description of the 'Kokutai', or national structure (It can also can be translated as 'national essence', 'national polity', etc). The pamphlet officially enshrines the Emperor as a living god, according to the legend of the Goddess Amaterasu and 'an unbroken line of emperors' (Banseiikkei). To serve the divine Emperor, his subjects were required to cast themselves aside for the social harmony (Wa) and for the prosperity of Japanese culture. To some extent, the pamphlet is a response to criticism of the Centralist's 'Neo-Shogunism'.
Long live His Majesty the Emperor!
The New System Movement
To mobilise support for the regime and its reform programme, the 'New System Movement' (Shintaisei Undō) has been organised. Led by Prince Konoe Fumimarō, the movement aims for the creation of a political institution that is capable of merging and binding people into the organic whole of the nation - basically a Japanese breed of corporatism, with the Emperor at its head. The movement's immediate goal is the combination of all political perspectives into one body - the Imperial Rule Assistance Society.
This is the way we should go forward.
The First Convention of the Taisei Yokusankai
The 'Taisei Yokusankai', or Imperial Rule Assistance Society, is structured as a new political core institution that will represent every aspect of society, unlike the old 'plutocratic' Imperial Diet. It will branch out into every administrative level from hamlet to prefecture, and create a core group consisting of talented individuals from academic, cultural, economic, governmental, military, political, and all other professional occupations. In theory, by penetrating to the grass-roots level, a direct link between politics and the people will be established. By having every important interest group represented at its core, it would be possible to coordinate and develop effective national policies.\n\nThat is, in theory. At the first convention, three main blocs have emerged. At the centre is the Kokumin Seishin Sōdōin Undō (National Spiritual Mobilisation Movement), or Seidō for short, headed by none other than Prince Konoe himself and composed of reform-minded intellectuals and politicians. Many of their proposed reforms were first outlined by the Shōwa Kenkyūkai (Shōwa Research Association), a political workshop founded at the behest of Konoe.\n\nAn offshoot of this workshop, the Shōwa Dōjinkai (Shōwa Comrades' Association), has become the de facto public relations arm of the new government, ensuring that it achieves its goal of attracting the brightest (and the most influential) minds in Japan.\n\nAn outsider to this arrangement is the Kōdōha (Imperial Way Faction), General Araki's clique of reserve and active Restorationist military leaders. It is they who brought the new regime to power through the counter-coup, and who are now left at the sidelines. Special care must to be taken to keep them happy.\n\nMany question Konoe's forceful agenda, and even question the purpose of the Taisei Yokusankai. Konoe had designed the Taisei Yokusankai as a central nervous system of the upcoming 'New System', combining all legislative, executive and administrative powers into one. Konoe assured that the old Meiji Constitution would remain in place and that the Taisei Yokusankai would not replace the Imperial Diet, but the very idea of the political leviathan has met with fierce opposition.
This will be the foundation of our new Nation!
Konoe Fumimarō Secures Support
After a fifteen-day-long convention, Prince Konoe has successfully advanced his agenda and secured support in the Taisei Yokusankai. Now as the Premier, Prince Konoe seeks to implement his reformist vision but at the same time come to a common understanding with those who oppose him in the restorationist cause.\n\nThis may be a more difficult task than expected, and the institution of the Taisei Yokusankai has come under fire from the most outspoken in the Kōdōha. Nonetheless, Konoe recognises that he will have to make concessions in order to stay in power, walking a tightrope of politics so that the entire structure won't come crashing down.
Let us work together, for the sake of Japan.
General Election
Democracy has survived despite everything, and election reform securing its place has been passed. However, with the failure of the National Unity government the government lacks the power and mandate to rule effectively. The solution is clear however: trust in its election reforms and take the issue to the people; the Government has called an election to confirm its electoral mandate and regain the political initiative!
Elect Rikken Seiyūkai (Conservatives).
Elect Minseitō (Liberals).
Maintain the ruling coalition.
A Party Divided
During the Rikken Seiyūkai convention of 1936, Nakajima had felt his leading role was insecure and made power-sharing agreements with other factions. One such agreement was that the powerful post of the Secretary-General would remain vacant (but not abolished), with its tasks transferred to the collective leadership of the General Council.\n\nLast month, believing he had solidified his position, Nakajima attempted to complete his domination by capturing the office of Secretary-General. To this end, he formally advised the General Council to return the post to former Secretary-General Kuhara Fusanosuke, who sympathised with the Reformists, and on April 28th Nakajima and his clique formed the 'Kakushin Dōmei' (Reformist Alliance), effectively a party within a party, pressing the General Council even further. After the general election had concluded, on May 14th the pro-Nakajima chairman of the General Council Horikiri Zenbe forced the issue to a vote within the Council, but the motion was vetoed by all other factions. Isolated within the upper echelons, the Reformists tried to overcome the situation by calling a convention to mobilise their local party cadres, but this was turned down by all other non-Reformist leaders again, frustrating Nakajima even more. Today, just a month after the election, the Kakushin Dōmei formally declared its independence from the Rikken Seiyūkai.
It is time to find our own path.
Formation of the Kokumin Dōmei
After accepting Adachi Kenzō and his clique from the Minseitō into the Kakushin Dōmei, Nakajima reorganised the party and renamed it the Kokumin Dōmei (National Alliance).
It is time to find our own path.
The National Unity Government Breaks Up
Though originally formed to give parliamentary politics a strong face to present to both the Army and the people, from the start, it was clear that the main benefactors of the National Unity Government were to be the anti-mainstream Adachi and Nakajima factions of the Minseitō and Seiyūkai respectively. Over the past years, tensions within the two parties have steadily reached a breaking point. The coalition has shattered, Adachi and Kuhara leaving their parties to form the new Kokumin Dōmei (National Alliance), while the conservative factions of the Minseitō and Seiyūkai have reasserted control.
It is time to find our own path
The Popular Front Incident
446 left-wing academics, intellectuals, and politicians (including two incumbent Diet members) were arrested and indicted under the National Security Act today. All were accused of organising a 'popular front' and threatening the Kokutai.
Well that's that sorted right?
The Second Popular Front Incident
Additional arrests of intellectuals were made today, when 38 left-wing professors arrested on charges of organising a 'popular front'.
How many of these Reds are there?!
The Keihin Workers' Group Incident
An underground syndicalist group operating in the Keihin (Tokyo-Yokohama) region has been uncovered and arrested.
That's good, right?
The Planning Board Incident
Seventeen members of the Cabinet Planning Board were arrested and indicted of organising a 'popular front' within the government today.
This is getting out of hand!
The Research Department Incident
Twenty-nine bureaucrats from the Research Department (Chōsabu) of the South Manchurian Railway were arrested and indicted today of organising an underground syndicalist movement within the Railway.
This is getting out of hand!
The Yokohama Incident
Sixty writers and journalists are under arrest on charges of attempting to form an underground syndicalist party. However, it has been revealed that most of their confessions were produced under torture.
This is getting bad!
Tokkō Officers Accused of Torture
The Tokkō, or 'Special Higher Police', is a police force specialising in social and thought crimes. The Tokkō is also notorious for its abusive and brutal methods of interrogation, sometimes even resulting in death. When the National Security Act was passed, the Tokkō rapidly expanded its size and operation, and their regard for the safety of accused criminals declined even further. Today a major newspaper has reported that a man died while in custody, and has accused the Tokkō of torturing the victim to death.
Oh no...
The Great Drought of 1939
The country is in the middle of the worst drought it has seen this century. Water supplies are critically low and crops are dying of thirst. In some regions, local officials are organising rainmaking rituals in a desperate attempt to evoke storms and calm the people, but to no avail. Fortunately, the drought is mostly affecting southern Korea, western Honshu and the southern islands, and although rice harvests have dropped significantly no state of famine has developed. However, the disruption to food production from the drought is severe enough to force us to close down several rice exchanges, including the famous Dojima Rice Exchange, and control the rice supply directly, at least for the time being.
At least no one is starving yet...
1940 General Election
The time has come for a new general election. With the main and opposition parties now running, the choices are more varied than they have been since the late 19th century. After the elections are complete, His Majesty the Emperor will ask the new Prime Minister to form his cabinet.
Elect Rikken Seiyūkai (Conservatives).
Elect Minseitō (Liberals).
Elect Kokumin Dōmei (Nationalists).
Elect Shakai Taishūtō (Socialists).
General Elections of 1944
Hayashi Senjuro is Dead!
A sad day has come to pass - Prime Minister Hayashi Senjūrō has been found passed away at his home. A man who played both the Centralist and Restorationist factions to rise to prominence as the leader of the new military regime, his Premiership has seen great change in all aspects of Japanese life, no doubt cementing him as one the most influential - and perhaps infamous - figures in our nation's modern history.\n\nThe choice for Hayashi's successor is split upon two seams. General Nagata Tetsuzan, seems to confirm the path Japan is going along, known as the main theorist of the Army's Centralist faction, Nagata has worked behind the scenes since the 30s to gain the support of businessmen and politicians alike for transforming Japan into the National Defence State dreamed of by his squad of total-war advocates. Whilst on the other hand, Baron Hiranuma represents the civilian government inclined members of the Centralist faction, a keen anti-democratic schemer with numerous connections in the Army, he would provide a civilian flare to the militarist government.
A sad day has come to pass - the retired General Hayashi Senjūrō has been found passed away at his home. A man who played both the Centralist and Restorationist factions throughout his ultimately disappointing political career, his association with the Army radicals worried many at times, yet it all seems to have been nothing in the end.
Appoint Nagata Tetsuzan.
Appoint Baron Hiranuma.
Gomeifuku wo inorimasu.
The Drought Takes Its Toll
With the nation's rural areas already struggling after the lost decade, the drought has served to further impoverish farmers and bankrupt light industries built around agricultural produce. The drought's effects seem likely to continue for some time.
Shō ga nai.
The Fengtian-Korea-Japan Provisions Proposal
After studying the nature of the ongoing drought, the Ministries of Agriculture and Forestry, Commerce and Industry, and Home Affairs, have concluded that there is little more that can be done to stem the impact of the drought beyond the measures that have already been taken. However, the Ministry of Colonial Affairs has come forward with a proposition in which Fengtian could be coerced into exporting millet and rice to Korea, with Korea then providing its own rice to feed Japan. Manchuria has largely been spared the drought, and while it would have to make do with less food for some time, our political and economic stranglehold over the country should be enough to prevent any dissent.
After studying the nature of the ongoing drought, the Ministries of Agriculture and Forestry, Commerce and Industry, and Home Affairs, have concluded that there is little more that can be done to stem the impact of the drought beyond the measures that have already been taken. However, the Ministry of Colonial Affairs has come forward with a proposition in which Fengtian could be asked to export its millet and rice to Korea, with Korea then providing its own rice to feed Japan. Manchuria has largely been spared the drought, and while it would have to make do with less food for some time, surely the Fengtian Government should be willing to assist their benefactor in its time of need.
They will have no choice.
Send the request.
We will endure.
Fengtian Refuses Our Proposal
Fengtian Cuts Off Aid
In an act of unprecedented impertinence, the Fengtian Government has refused our proposal to ameliorate the impact of the drought. Surely this act of gross and unacceptable disrespect will be met with sound retribution!
In an act of unprecedented impertinence, the Fengtian Government has decided to cut off shipments of food, and we are once again left to deal with the drought on our own. Surely this act of gross and unacceptable disrespect will be met with sound retribution!
Punish this impertinence!
Shō ga nai.
The Drought Ends
After many months of suffering, the drought has finally ended and the country begins its recovery.
Finally!
Fengtian Agrees to Provide Food
The Fengtian Government has agreed to provide food, and the major negative effects of the drought should subside soon.
Good news!
The Emperor Supports the Government
Following the chaotic past months, the Seiyūkai leadership had been under immense pressure. But with the passing of the National Security Act, it seems the government is finally seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. Today, in a rare appearance, the Emperor has gone before parliament to speak. Solemnly, he declared his support for the Government, and has stressed the need for a return to normalcy and stability, in what some have interpreted to be a strong hint to dissuade any military action against the standing government. As his words carry great weight, his support may be enough to guarantee a continuing trend towards stability.
We thank His Majesty the Emperor.
The Emperor Refuses to Support the Government
The government is weak, and in a desperate move has asked the Emperor to speak. He has gone before parliament in a rare appearance but he has refused to support the government. His words carry great weight, and this lack of support may be a fatal blow. Without intervention the government will surely fall; do we agree with his support, or argue against him?
Let us agree with the Emperor.
He is out of line!
Switching Rail Gauge
It has taken tremendous effort, but finally the switch is under way. While it is nowhere near complete, the worst is behind us, and we are already beginning to see the negative effects of our old, narrow, rail gauge diminishing.
Hurrah!
Land Reform Complete
Land reform has been an ongoing political issue and we are not the first government to try and implement solutions; sadly we will not be the last either. Our efforts have been a waste of time, nothing less than a complete disaster! We have been unable to even make a dent in the issue; it will surely plague our economy for years to come...
Land reform has been an ongoing political issue and we are not the first government to try and implement solutions. We may be the last, however; while we haven't revolutionised land use, we have fixed many issues, enough that inefficient land use will no longer plague our economy.
Land reform has been an ongoing political issue and we are not the first government to try and implement solutions, but where others failed we have succeeded! We have not only fixed many of the underlying issues but gone above and beyond: we have purchased and redistributed tens of thousands of hectares of land to landless or tenant farmers and are already beginning to see the benefits of our work!
It's a miracle! Land reform has been an ongoing political issue and we are not the first government to try and implement solutions, but where others failed we have done what many thought was impossible! We have completed what is being internationally recognised as one of the largest land redistribution programmes in history. 2.3 million hectares of land have been distributed to farmers during the project and landlordism, as Japan knew it, no longer exists.
How could this have happened...
I'll take it!
Banzai!
Banzai Banzai Banzai!
Establishment of the Budget & Research Organ
Prime Minister [GetSecondInCommand], along with other army officials, has proposed a new organ to deal with the budget and conduct policy research which would be placed directly under the Prime Minister's office. Ostensibly, the goal of this is to prepare the necessary funds and carry out policies that are favourable to the Army's long-term plans.\n\nThe Diet has shown great opposition to this proposal, however, as the creation of such an organ would supersede many individual ministries in its power. Some sort of compromise is not out of the question - the question is to what extent we are to carry this plan out.
Reassure the Diet of our plans.
This needs to get done no matter the cost.
The Inefficient Ministries
The army leadership has made a proposal to the diet suggesting the merger of several ministries, seemingly to cut out inefficiencies and promote centralisation. Specifically, they suggest to merge the Development Ministry with the Foreign Ministry and the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry with the Ministry of Commerce and Industry.\n\nThe Diet is rather apprehensive to such proposals, adding that it would eliminate many posts - something, they note, would only lead to further influence of the Army in politics than even now.
Reassure the Diet, nobody will lose their positions.
This needs to get done no matter the cost.
Details of the Five-Year Plan
Out of the many plans the military has to transform the nation, the creation of Five-Year Plans will certainly be one of the most controversial. Many officials, including Army Minister Terauchi Hisaichi, have put forth these plans to gear the Empire towards war, which would put several industries under state ownership and ensure Japanese security on the land and sea.\n\nHowever, it is unlikely that the Diet or Zaibatsu would approve such wide-ranging proposals. Through some sort of compromise we may be able to push them forward - but alternatively, the threat of violence to force them forward is also an option.
Let's draw out a plan with the Diet and Zaibatsu.
Use threats and bribes to push forward our plans.
Curtailing the Zaibatsu
The Zaibatsu, the largest industrial conglomerates in Japan, have come under fire from members of our coalition, particularly those from the Kōdōha faction. Arguing that the Zaibatsu are actively participating in Japan's decline: corrupt, nepotistic, they represent the worst excesses of capitalism, reaping all the profits while rural Japanese families, the very soul of our nation, are left behind completely.\n\nIt is true that the Zaibatsu have seen spectacular growth in recent decades, with our investments in Manchuria only furthering their influence on Japan's economy. To remedy this, some in our coalition and in the military have strongly suggested we pursue nationalisation over their assets and production, with the eventual aim of removing their influence altogether. Others have also hinted at the idea of a high inheritance tax, which would certainly help in breaking the conglomerates away from their family-dominated nature.\n\nSome voices have expressed concerns at these ideas, however, chief among them those in the Shōwa Dōjinkai, which have argued that the Zaibatsu are patriotic companies, and that hindering their business would have disastrous consequences in the long run. In response, Kōdōha members have been quick to point out leading Dōjinkai figure Fusanosuke Kuhara's ties to Nissan, founded by his brother-in-law, using his assets.\n\nWhile many in the government are ambivalent on the Zaibatsu, it has ultimately been decided that we should curtail their influence, to what degree however remains in question.
Their corruption must cease, start nationalising their assets.
This is too reckless, moderate our plans somewhat.
Cleaning Up our Administration
Despite the odds, it seems that democracy in Japan has survived the fallout of the May 15th incident, despite the immense upheaval it caused in the past months. Still, instead of praising the stability of our institutions, many are instead bewildered as to how something like this could've happened in the first place: socialist terror, culminating in successful extremist attacks against the Prime Minister, twice in a year, no less.\n\nAs a result, paranoia has started to take hold amongst much of the political establishment, and the atmosphere is tense. How is it possible for these fanatics to target the head of our government multiple times, and succeed? Rumours of our entire administration being overrun by socialist sympathisers giving information to Internationale spies and syndicalist agitators have been spreading like wildfire. Particularly, the Sakai Taishūtō, with their populist platform and pushes for diverting funds away from the military, have come under fire as being too sympathetic to those who nearly threw our nation into anarchy. Whether these allegations are true or not, it has been made clear that the situation is still fragile, and ignoring those warning signs any longer could mean disaster.\n\nThere is, however, a silver lining. The recently passed National Security Act gives the government far-reaching powers when it comes to dealing with radicals. Indeed, the Act enables us to remove any lower level bureaucrats suspected of being interested in revolutionary ideas, trying them as subversives attempting to alter the National Essence of Japan from within. Once found guilty, we could either sentence them very harshly to dissuade anyone from dangerous ideas, or hand them over to the Tokkō to show them the error of their ways through tenkō, a process through which the empowered Special Higher Police makes the guilty party renounce their harmful ideology, using any means deemed necessary. After all, many state custodians and politician are very competent, and could resume serving us well given enough persuasion.
Crack down on the worst of them, and coerce those who can admit their mistakes.
We can't take any chances, a thorough purge of any suspicious element is in order.
General Elections of [GetYear]
The time has come for a new general election. With the main and opposition parties now running, the choices are more varied than they have been since the late 19th century.
Minshutō (Conservatives)
Jiyūtō (Liberals)
Shakaitō (Socialists)
Fate of the Emperor
With the finalisation of the last branches of the new governmental system, the future of the Japanese Throne must be discussed. While Hirohito does undoubtedly bear responsibility for prosecuting the war against us, true justice would likely leave him dead or imprisoned for life, and us with an impossible public-order problem on our hands. Many of our people still however clamour for the complete abolishment of the Imperial institution, blaming them for the lives lost in the costly invasion of their Home Islands, and doing so would satisfy their lust for revenge. Our diplomats and even most generals have on the other hand advised against it, suggesting instead that we either allow the royals to continue in a symbol position, or at least only force Hirohito's abdication, lest we face a potentially permanent insurrection against our collaborators.
Leave him on the throne, but transfer sovereignty to the people.
Force him to abdicate.
The entire Imperial institution must be abolished.
Fate of the Imperial Family
With the finalisation of the last branches of the new governmental system, the future of the Japanese Imperial Family must be discussed. While many members of the Imperial Family undoubtedly bear responsibility for prosecuting the war against us, true justice would likely leave several dead or imprisoned for life, and us with an impossible public-order problem on our hands. Our diplomats and even most generals insist that we must instead use a lighter hand. We cannot leave the monarchy intact, but there may be some options still.
Leave them be, but powerless. They will no longer be aristocracy.
Exile them from Japan.
Black Monday Reaches the Shores
Eventually, as expected, the domino effect of the economic failure in the German Empire has reached our Empire. While we are not as affected as our neighbours in the region, due to our quite grand economic isolation from the German markets, we still were touched by it. The Zaibatsu and our banks will have a hard time for a few months.
That was to be expected.
The Royal Child
Wonderful news has been announced this morning from the Imperial Household, Empress Nagako has given birth to another daughter after a remarkably short period of labour. Despite fears within the Household itself, owing to the Empress's age and this being her seventh child, both the mother and her child are reportedly in good health with no major complications to speak of. Much of the Imperial Family have already been introduced to their newly born relative, with the Emperor himself arriving around an hour afterwards to see his daughter for the first time.\n\nAs is Imperial tradition, the new princess has not yet received a name, as this has been reserved for the traditional naming ceremony that occurs seven days after a royal birth. Despite this many throughout the realm have already begun to speculate what name and appellation will be chosen for the child.  One of the most widespread of these theories is that the name may end up being derived from the Man'yōshū, the oldest extant collection of traditional Japanese poetry, much like her uncle Mikasa's was. Regardless of if these theories will prove correct, the joyous nature such a birth brings to the nation is always a fantastic time for its people.
A royal birth is always delightful news.
The Land of the Rising Scrum
With the status of the Imperial Family leaving them often beyond reproach, political disputes arising between its members and the government are usually rare, although not entirely unheard of. The recent dispute that has arisen between Prince Chichibu, the younger brother of the Emperor, and multiple members of government is even more unusual in how mundane the subject matter is compared to the usual backroom politicking.\n\nWhile the Prince is widely renowned for his support and promotion of the growth of a wide variety of sports in Japan, the one that he has taken a shining to the most is the British sport of rugby. Having been introduced to the sport by Kayama Shigeru, former president of Japan's rugby union and coach of the national team, Prince Chichibu has become the face of Japanese rugby both at home and across the seas. With the Prince's help the sport has managed to spread across Japan, with many teams from the nation having begun to even compete internationally against those in Britain's Commonwealth.\n\nIt is here where the dispute has arisen, as some of the more hard line traditionalists within the government have started to see the growth of this foreign sport as \
Japanese culture isn't going to be destroyed by a simple ball game.
Tradition is important, perhaps the Prince should help preserve kemari instead.
$fengtian_events.173.t$
$fengtian_events.173.d$ Not all in Manchuria are properly appreciative of Japanese attempts to help develop their nation, and a few have even openly protested what they call a \
Three cheers to co-prosperity!
The Rise of Datsun
For more than a decade now, American motor companies have completely dominated the Japanese markets. While domestic manufacturers have done well for themselves in recent years, their total combined production would be akin to a rounding error when charted against that of the Big Three of Ford, GM and Chrysler. Even with the chaos at home the Big Three's branches in Japan have kept soldiering on, although it is becoming obvious to many that their output has begun to greatly suffer.\n\nSeeing a great opportunity to capture the potential lost market share, Nissan has released a new model of their Datsun brand of cars known as the Type 16. Despite being almost identical to the previous Type 15, the timing of their release and an associated marketing push including providing a free model to the IJA has already resulted in thousands of sales including even some to well off Australian importers. While it is still too early to say if this momentum will keep up, especially once the American situation resolves itself, it seems like this may be a fantastic year for Japanese business.
This is only the beginning!
Home Run on the Home Islands
Ever since its introduction to Japan a few decades ago baseball has grown to be one of the most popular sports across the entire country. Despite this, until recently the sport has generally been regarded as primarily a casual game that people play in their free time or as part of a school's curriculum. This all began to change a few years ago when media mogul Shōriki Matsutarō organised a team of Japan's best players to compete against America's finest including Babe Ruth and Jimmie Foxx. Taking part in a tour spanning 12 cities across the nation, the concept of professional baseball quickly managed to grip the nation.\n\nThis has led to today's news of the formation of Japan's first professional baseball league, the Japan Occupational Baseball League. Made up of seven teams including the Tokyo Giants, formed from the team who competed in the prior tour, a debut season split into three parts is expected to begin in the next few weeks. With such high public demand for professional games, and of course significant advertising support from Shōriki's newspaper, this new league is expected to be a resounding success that'll entertain the nation for years to come.
Give it a few years and we'll be beating the Yankees with ease!
Opening of the Abashiri City Folk Museum
Much excitement and joy in Ashibari today as the Abashiri City Folk Museum opened its doors to the public. Three thousand archeological and ethnograpic objects collected by Yonemura Yoshio. The museum was desgined by Yoshiya Tanoue, a pupil of the esteemed American architect Frank Lloyd Wright. The artefacts in the museum date from the Japanese Paleolithic, through the Jōmon and Zoku-Jōmon periods, up until daily life during the Shōwa era, and include materials relating to the Satsumon culture, Okhotsk culture, and Ainu.
A proud day for our nation!
46 cm/45 Type 94 Naval Gun Fired
First conceptualised on the HMS Incomparable, a proposal for a very large battlecruiser by British Admiral Jackie Fisher, the gun remaind a mere dream of naval architects until now. At 10 AM, the Earth itself shook as one of the largest guns ever built was fired. This came after months of planning for the next \
No one will be able to match our firepower!
Nagoya Pan-Pacific Peace Exposition
Sponsored by the government, the Nagoya Pan-Pacific Peace Exposition was intended to promote industry, transportation, education, science, construction, architecture, social welfare, tourism, fine arts and crafts. Over the two and a half months of operation, the Nagoya Exhibition received more than 4,800,000 visitors, or roughly four times the population of the greater Nagoya area at the time. Daily attendance averaged at 61,643 people.
We have shown our best to the world!
If you want peace, prepare for war!
New National Diet Building Completed
After some delay due to the political turmoil in the last decade, the new National Diet Building has been completed today constructed entirely of Japanese materials, with the exception of the stained glass, door locks, and pneumatic tube system. It stands as the tallest building in the country upon opening this afternoon. The roof and tower of the building might have been inspired by another entrant, third prize winner Takeuchi Shinshichi, and are believed to have been chosen because they reflected a more modern hybrid architecture than the purely European and East Asian designs proposed by other architects. The ministry sponsored a public design competition in 1918, and 118 designs were submitted for the new building. The first prize winner, Watanabe Fukuzo, produced a design similar to Ende and Böckmann's. The Diet Building was eventually constructed between 1920 and 1936 with a floor plan based on Fukuzo's entry.
Hopefully it was worth the wait!
1943 Tottori Earthquake
At 17:36 local time on September 10, a magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck Tottori prefecture. The epicentre was recorded to be at Ketaka District with seismic activity recorded as far as Okayama on the coast of the Inland Sea. Hundreds have been reported to be killed with an estimated 80% of Tottori city destroyed, taking many historic buildings with it. Two other earthquakes occurred earlier in the year but did not cause significant damage.
This is terrible!
Taihoku City Public Auditorium Completed
Designed as tribute to Emperor Shōwa's ascension in 1928 and to replace the old Great Qing governor's office for the island, the Taihoku Public Auditorium has finished construction after 4 years for a cost of slightly under a million yen. The city now earning the prestige of being the only major city with a public auditorium outside of the Home Islands. Chief architect of the project Ide Kaoru, aware of the severe differences in both heat, rainfall, and humidity of the island compared to the Home Islands, sought to both stress the local character of the island while also still using the modern architectural designs being applied to the rest of the island through other projects.
A building worthy of the Emperor!
'Little Marin and the Sailor' - Newest Book on Japan's Shelves
Our country's recent war has inspired many home comers to express their experiences in art, one of them being the author of a romance novel of unprecedented sales numbers.\n\nThe book, bearing the title \
Tell me, how does it end?
Mantetsu Declares Record Earnings
Japan has had a presence in Manchuria ever since the conclusion of the Russo-Japanese War, and in the years since our hold over the region has greatly strengthened. The negotiations at Shanghai in 1928 forced the world to recognise our right to a 'free hand in Manchuria', opening boundless opportunity to our citizens under the Kwantung Army's watchful eye.\n\nOur control is not absolute however, and Zhang Zuolin's' Fengtian Government is not always cooperative. It is fortunate for him that our desire to safeguard a profitable peace in Manchuria remains paramount, alongside our hope that his government will one day act as a vehicle for our greater Chinese ambitions. For these reasons, the heart of our efforts in Manchuria is the South Manchuria Railway Company, or \
Manchuria is truly a cornucopia of opportunity!
Japan Offers Troop Training
A delegation has arrived from [From.GetNameDef] today offering training for our forces, to bring us 'to the necessary level'. It's a difficult offer to refuse...
By all means!
Refuse them.
Japan Provides Arms Facilities
The Japanese, obviously in an attempt to sweet-talk us, have provided us with a year's access to top-of-the-line manufacturing facilities for armaments. While we're not certain of their intentions, it's unwise to look a gift horse in the mouth...
How generous!
Turn them down.
Japan Supports Our Offensives
The Japanese have approached with a tempting offer of supplies, bombardment, and ammunition in aid of our offensive operations for the next 100 days. Should we accept?
Of course!
Never!
Japan Provides Fighter Designs
The Japanese military has allowed several designs for fighters more advanced than our own to fall into our lap, with detailed instructions on how to build them efficiently. A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
Whatever we need, we get from Japan.
Japan Supports Our Independence
Japanese advisors have turned up today, bringing gifts and support in our struggle against the Chinese. We are grateful for their gesture, but do we really want to accept Japanese aid so readily?
We will take what we can get.
Refuse them.
Abdurresid Ibrahim Arrives In [Root.GetNameDef]
An imam by the name of Abdurresid Ibrahim has today arrived in [Root.GetNameDef], as a representative of the Japanese government. He speaks very highly of their support for our cause and opposition to Chinese tyranny, as well as a desire to see all Asians unified under one anti-imperialist banner. We are honoured to receive one so learned.
Be welcome, teacher.
The Tokyo Conference
The Japanese have sent an invitation to their 'Pan-Asian Conference' in Tokyo. Their stated aim is to promote cooperation between Asiatic nations against Western Imperialism, which is an outwardly noble aim. However, some have urged us to ignore it, claiming that this is merely a ploy to woo us into signing over our independence to the Japanese Empire, whose quest for domination of Asia is just beginning.
Pack my best suit.
Let's stay home this year.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Attends Tokyo Conference
Representatives from [From.GetNameDef] have arrived in Tokyo and discussions are well under way!
Welcome!
[From.GetNameDefCap] refused Attendance
[From.GetNameDefCap] have refused to attend the Tokyo Conference we held at great expense, providing only evasive and shaky justifications when questioned about their reasons.
A loss of face.
Joint Condemnation of Western Imperialism
The summit in Tokyo today saw its first major motion come forward, a fairly uncontroversial one that aims to have all members sign a condemnation of Western colonialist exploitation of Asiatic peoples, and urges the repudiation of unequal treaties. We expect it to have major support, and to lead into the other major business.
On the dotted line, if you would
Take no chances, 'encourage' them to sign
Tokyo: Condemning Western Imperialism
Our delegates in Japan are apparently being asked to put their names to a fairly standard declaration. It condemns 'anti-Asian racism', 'the exploitation of oppressed peoples by European powers', and 'the institutions of Unequal Treaties, through which mechanism the populations of Asia are deliberately kept disenfranchised within their own lands'. Should we join [JAP.GetNameDef] in this initiative?
Of course!
We'd rather not (drop out of the conference)
[From.GetNameDefCap] Drops Out
It would seem that the [From.GetAdjective] dignitaries became uncomfortable with our proposals at the Tokyo Conference, and have elected to drop out of further talks.
Shame!
Tokyo: Resolution on Trade
... therefore the attendees of this conference agree that, in order to promote pan-Asian cooperation and brotherhood, treaties concerning trade should be set up and brought to the top of the national agenda in each nation with a view towards establishing a common Asian customs area and protecting the economies of Asiatic peoples from the predatory Western economic principles which are...
Perfect, they must agree...
...but maybe we can soften the terms
Tokyo: Concerning Pan-Asian Trade
... therefore the attendees of this conference agree that, in order to promote pan-Asian cooperation and brotherhood, treaties concerning trade should be set up and brought to the top of the national agenda in each nation with a view towards establishing a common Asian customs area and protecting the economies of Asiatic peoples from the predatory Western economic principles which are...
Sounds good to me.
How absurd (drop out of the conference)
Tokyo: Calls for Deeper Economic Ties
Asia must succeed! We are preparing a package of memoranda for the Tokyo Conference, calling for deepening economic integration between our economy and those of the attendees. Favourable trade terms, privileges for Japanese companies, currency exchange mechanisms and much more are all part of the broader plan. In its current form, however, some of the attendees may be put off by the package and drop out. We could lessen the terms, giving them a better deal and making them more likely to agree, but at the cost of economic integration more difficult in the long-term.
Present it to the conference.
Lessen the terms of the agreement
Tokyo: Japan Calls for Deeper Economic Ties
Or should that be 'Tokyo Calls For Economic Integration'? Either way, proposals have been brought before the conference detailing Japan's desire for deeper economic ties that go beyond the simple trade policies we agreed to. This could be a big step, but it could also be of greater benefit to the [From.GetAdjective] economy than our own in the long term.
Agreed!
No! (drop out of the conference)
Final Resolution: A Military Alliance?
Ostensibly for anti-colonial purposes, the time is now ripe to bring the remaining conference attendees on board with a full military alliance to oppose our rivals. Far better to let the blows fall on them, after all!\n\nFor now this resolution is merely an idea - a statement calling for further cooperation. Signing the declaration would not incur any obligations - yet. But the framework for a comprehensive alliance orbiting us is being built, and they need to decide soon if they intend to fall in line or stand in our way.
If you wish for peace, then prepare for war.
Heavily pressure the attendees to sign.
Tokyo: Calls For Military Action
The Tokyo Conference today erupted into controversy when the Japanese unveiled their true gambit: having won economic agreement with their project from us, they have now turned this into promotion of a grand military alliance against Germany and other 'Western imperialist powers'. This would, of course, see them play a leading role.\n\nFor now this resolution is merely an idea - a statement calling for further cooperation. Signing the declaration would not incur any obligations - yet. But the framework for a comprehensive alliance orbiting Tokyo is being built, and we need to decide soon if we intend to fall in line or stand in their way.
Together for all Asians!
They are surely mad!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Aligns With Japan!
It would seem the statesmen of [From.GetNameDef] have agreed that their path to prosperity and strength comes from cooperation with the pre-eminent power of Asia, [JAP.GetNameDef]. We shall be making arrangements to bring them into the formal military alliance that underpins the Greater East Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere.
Great!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Accepted
The [From.GetAdjective] government has seen the wisdom of our offer and accepted a place in our alliance.
Excellent.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused
The [From.GetAdjective] government has spurned our offer of alliance.
A foolish choice.
Joining the Japanese Sphere
Having indicated our interest in officially joining the Japanese military alliance at the Tokyo Conference, the Japanese have now arrived in [Root.GetNameDef] and extended their offer in person.
It's about time!
We've reconsidered...
Japanese Ultimatum
For months already, the Japanese have expressed their aggressive ambitions towards our colonial lands as part of their expansionist policies. Today, the Japanese ambassador has presented us an ultimatum: They demand that we surrender all our territory in South-East Asia and the Pacific, or else we will face the full might of the Imperial Japanese Military...
Don't even bother answering.
Agree to their demands.
Our Ultimatum Was Ignored!
We did not receive any answer to our ultimatum from [From.GetNameDef]. We must mobilise for war and secure our place as the sole great power in East Asia!
Declare war!
Back down, we can't risk a war.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Our Conditions
[From.GetNameDefCap] has accepted our conditions. This is not so surprising after all: they wouldn't dare face the might of the Emperor's armies!
Great!
The Japanese Envoy
A Japanese diplomat arrived today, seeking a meeting with [Root.GetLeader] to discuss their offer: [From.GetNameDef] will send military aid and advisors to [PRF.GetNameDef], and in exchange we will join the Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere. Not the military alliance part of it, at least not yet, but rather the group of nations which have pooled their economic strengths under the aegis of Japanese protection. It would benefit the [Root.GetAdjective] economy, to be certain, but there are those who worry the Japanese are merely looking for influence to eventually turn us into a colony.
We accept their offer.
We must politely decline.
The Indians Accept!
Our generous offer to the Indians was met with warm praise and acceptance. Envoys from [From.GetNameDef] applauded Japanese magnanimity and astute work in bringing our great nations closer together. We have invited them to set up a permanent embassy in Tokyo.
Splendid!
The Indians Decline Our Offer!
In a display of poor judgement, the diplomats in [From.GetNameDef] have declined our magnanimous offer of friendship and alliance. Japanese newspapers reacted with caricatures of scared lapdogs, mocking them for not being willing to take the steps necessary to rid the subcontinent from colonialism.
Shame on them!
Japan Threatens Us!
A large Japanese task force has sailed into the islands and is threatening to attack us if we do not bow to their demand of full surrender!
Resist them and call for help!
Surrender is our only option.
Hawaii Surrenders!
Good for them, they didn't stand a chance anyway.
Puppet them!
Annex them!
Hawaii Begs for Help
Japan is pounding at the door of Hawaii and they have come to us begging for assistance. Should we respond?
Offer our protection.
They left us, remember?
Hawaii Has American Backing
Hawaii is resisting our demands and [From.GetNameDef] are backing their claim to independence.
We will destroy them anyway.
Back down, we can return later.
Hawaii Resists!
Hawaii is resisting our demands, and without any interest from the American mainland in defending them. We should make them pay for this in blood.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Targets the Legations
News from Shanghai in the last few days has taken on an increasingly worried tone as the threat of war seemed to loom over the bund. [FROM.GetNameDef]'s stance towards the settlement is seemingly a reversal of their position a mere 10 years ago, as they now condemn the Legation's existence as symbol of 'blatant Western imperialism' while reports indicate that the Imperial Japanese Navy is being prepared to take the mandate's capital. All of these signs seem to confirm that Japan is preparing for war. But with the international situation tense, [LEC.GetNameDef] far from our nation, and a powerful navy backing Japanese actions, many within our government believe aiding the cities to be a lost cause. Powerful voices within society and especially the business community, however, have pleaded with the government to stand by its foreign commitments and halt Japanese aggression.
Retreat - we cannot afford to fight Japan.
We will defend our interests!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Abandons the Legation Cities
It seems the Japanese threat to our existence have not gone unnoticed by [FROM.GetNameDef]. But rather than stand by their commitments to defend us, they have remained suspiciously silent. In fact, [FROM.GetNameDef] now seem to be scrambling to abandon Shanghai with as many of their assets possible, simultaneously denying responsibility for our defence. In the face of blatant foreign aggression, our protectors have abandoned us.
Oh no...
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Guarantees the Legation Cities
A shocking statement has come from [FROM.GetNameDef]. Supposedly concerned by 'aggressive actions' towards [LEC.GetNameDef], the [FROM.GetAdjective] foreign minister has decried our recent moves and stated that his nation's commitments towards Shanghai will not be ignored. In sheer defiance of reason, [FROM.GetNameDef] is willing to fight to defend [LEC.GetNameDef].
They shall have their war.
The Fengtian Silver Crisis
When the Bank of Japan and Mitsui Bank, two of the largest in our country, requested payment on their loans in quick succession, Fengtian's Central Bank defaulted due to a sudden and supposedly inexplicably insufficient silver reserve. Whether this was merely gross incompetence and mismanagement, or something more sinister, is unclear, but there is little doubt that the Fengtian Government finds itself in a dire economic situation and has requested our help.\n\nWhile our influence will ensure that both Mitsui and the Bank of Japan are paid what they are due before anything else, a failing Fengtian Government would severely upset their claims to legitimacy and our claims to benevolence. We have the option of bailing them out.
We have no choice.
This is of their own making.
Fengtian Blames Us for the Silver Crisis!
Fengtian has loudly denounced our government, citing what they say is a deliberate plot to destabilise their government through the eruption of their recent Silver Crisis, citing the incidental requests from both the Bank of Japan and Mitsui Bank for repayment on loans backed by Fengtian's silver reserve. With the reserve apparently containing far less than the Fengtian government claimed, its economy has spiralled out of control as the government loses credibility by the hour, and it seems likely that this crass and foolish attempt to deflect blame is mostly a reaction to their internal political situation.\n\nAll the same, we can deny these ridiculous assertions, but can we also let this grave insolence go unpunished?
False accusations!
Punish this insolence!
[FNG.GetLeader] Expels our Military Mission
[FNG.GetLeader] has expelled our military mission, giving them twenty four hours to leave the country, taking with them all equipment and other property. Contrary to our expectations, however, this was accompanied by a diplomatic letter explaining that the mission had achieved its goals, and that Fengtian is now sufficient in its command capacity. Fengtian's ambassador has also spent the last several hours attempting to convince the Foreign Ministry, in private, that this was merely a necessity of internal politics, and that no ill-will is intended toward Japan.\n\nWhile this may, or may not, be the case, there is little question as to whether this reduces our influence over Fengtian. Who is to say what the Chinese will do next?
[FNG.GetLeader] has expelled our military mission, giving its officers twenty four hours to leave the country. Contrary to our expectations, however, this was accompanied by a diplomatic letter explaining that the mission had achieved its goals, and that Fengtian is now sufficient in its command capacity.\n\nFortunately, our control over Fengtian via Mantetsu is extensive, and we can almost certainly force their government to reverse its decision. This may force the more patriotic and militaristic elements of the government to independently declare war, and the consequences of such a situation should also be considered.
Declare war.
Force Fengtian to reconsider.
Punish Fengtian.
Do nothing.
[FNG.GetLeader] Expels our Military Mission
[FNG.GetLeader] has expelled our military mission, giving its officers twenty four hours to leave the country. This not only severely threatens to upset our control over the Fengtian Government, but also potentially exposes Korea and thereby Japan to attack. This is thoroughly unacceptable, both to our generals, and to the Japanese sense of honour. Surely such an act of ungrateful insubordination must be met with an appropriate response?
Send an Ultimatum.
Do nothing.
Fengtian Denounces Us!
The iron ore deposits at Anshan have been worked by a Japanese-owned subsidiary of Mantetsu since 1918, known as \
Punish this insolence!
Denounce Fengtian.
Stay silent.
Hawaii Has Accepted Our Offer
Hawaii has chosen to join us, they wisely saw that resistance would be futile and instead opted to become our ally.
That is good to hear.
Japan Seizes Guam
With America in turmoil, Japan has made an audacious move by sending a naval task force to the island of Guam to occupy the island. Guam is part of the Mariana islands, captured by the United States during the Spanish-American War. The rest of the islands were sold to the Germans and were seized by the Japanese during the Great War, but eventually returned att he conclusion of the conflict.\n\nThe United States built a fueling station, marine barracks, and some coastal guns on Guam in the early 1900s, however policy planners in Washington doubted their ability to defend the islands in the event of invasion and along with efforts at negotiating with other powers in the region, failed to significantly build defences. Guam was deemed unnecessary for reinforcing the Philippines and with the domestic situation in America deterioating, it was hoped that German presence nearby would check any aggression by Japanese forces until the situation resolves.\n\nAs Japanese reconnaissance planes began to circle around Guam, hopes for German protection evaporated. With the German fleet too far away and the local administration unwilling to provoke a war in the Pacific without further orders from Berlin, the Japanese were able to call the Americans' bluff. Nevertheless the badly outnumbered American garrison fought back with light arms in a series of skirmishes across three days before they surrendered. Japanese authorities have deployed a garrison and various teachers from Japan to begin the Japanisation of the indigenous Chamorro people, however resistance to their rule is expected.
We will not forget this.
Japan Seizes Motor Companies
With the nation in turmoil, Japan has seized control of several American motor companies operating there. The civil war has caused many of the companies to lose contact with their parent companies and they have been struggling to get parts for their assembly lines. This is made it rather easy for the Japanese to seize control of them under the pretence of 'assistance'. While this is clearly an illegal act, we are in no position to do anything more than send a strongly worded letter to them.
Strongly worded indeed!
Japan Asks for Peace
Having been utterly vanquished in battlefields across the Asian continent by our victorious armies, the Japanese have retreated from their bases in Manchuria and Korea. With little hope of challenging our regained supremacy on land, diminishing public opinion and fears of a worsening disaster has forced Tokyo to the negotiating table, but not without playing one final card left in their hand: the Imperial Japanese Navy.\n\nCiting the threat of continued Japanese blockades and the need for both powers to be strong enough to resist Western imperialism, the terms they have offered have mostly been generous though frankly just a recognition of the status quo. Our ownership of continental Chinese territory will be recognised and all 'leases' returned, Korea will be relinquished, we will withdraw from any other occupied members of the [JAP.GetFactionName], a non-aggression pact will be signed, and Japan will refrain from further meddling in Chinese affairs. Notably missing however is the island of Taiwan, which the Japanese fully intend to keep.\n\nGiven our present inability to challenge Japanese domination of the seas and the various other issues our government faces, the prudent action might be sign this agreement. Japanese blockades of the coastline are no easy task on their end, but will disrupt our trade and economic stability to a crippling degree. However, Taiwan is seen as integral Chinese territory, ignominiously stripped from us after our defeat in the first Sino-Japanese war. A total victory might take years, but could it be worth it to ensure Chinese unification?
Having been utterly vanquished in battlefields across the Asian continent by our victorious armies, the Japanese have retreated from their bases in Manchuria and Korea. Their naval capabilities have similarly been degraded over the years, whether by our actions or by others', leaving them few options to pursue stronger terms. With little hope of challenging our regained supremacy on land, diminishing public opinion and fears of a worsening disaster has forced Tokyo to the negotiating table.\n\nDetermined to save face and cut their losses, they have framed their proposed agreement as necessary to ensure both powers are strong enough to resist Western imperialism. For the most part however, the terms are a recognition of the status quo. Our ownership of Chinese territory will be recognised and all 'leases' returned, Korea and Taiwan will be relinquished, we will withdraw from any other occupied members of the [JAP.GetFactionName], a non-aggression pact will be signed, and Japan will refrain from further meddling in Chinese affairs.\n\nGiven the logistical challenges of invading Japan proper and other more pressing issues we face than the complete defeat of Japan, the prudent action might be sign this agreement. On the other hand, so long as Japan remains a great power, they are a threat to our territorial integrity, and some hardliners have advised that we push for a total defeat of Japan and the dismantling of the [JAP.GetFactionName].
Having been utterly vanquished in battlefields across the Asian continent by our victorious armies, the Japanese have retreated from their bases in Manchuria and Korea. Their naval capabilities have similarly been degraded over the years, whether by our actions or by others, leaving them few options to pursue stronger terms. With little hope of challenging our regained supremacy on land, diminishing public opinion and fears of a worsening disaster has forced Tokyo to the negotiating table.\n\nDetermined to save face and cut their losses, they have framed their proposed agreement as necessary to ensure both powers are strong enough to resist Western imperialism. For the most part however, the terms are a recognition of the status quo. Our ownership of Chinese territory will be recognised and all \
Having been utterly vanquished in battlefields across the Asian continent by our victorious armies, the Japanese have retreated from their bases in Manchuria and Korea. With little hope of challenging our regained supremacy on land, diminishing public opinion and fears of a worsening disaster has forced Tokyo to the negotiating table, but not without playing one final card left in their hand: the Imperial Japanese Navy.\n\nCiting the threat of continued Japanese blockades and the need for both powers to be strong enough to resist Western imperialism, the terms they have offered have mostly been generous though frankly just a recognition of the status quo. Our ownership of continental Chinese territory will be recognised and all 'leases' returned, Korea will be relinquished, we will withdraw from any other occupied members of the [JAP.GetFactionName], a non-aggression pact will be signed, and Japan will refrain from further meddling in Chinese affairs. Notably missing however is the island of Taiwan, which has been taken from the Japanese by an outside power - a matter to be settled another day.\n\nGiven the logistical challenges of invading Japan proper and other more pressing issues we face than the complete defeat of Japan, the prudent action might be sign this agreement. On the other hand, so long as Japan remains a great power, they are a threat to our territorial integrity, and some hardliners have advised that we push for a total defeat of Japan and the dismantling of the [JAP.GetFactionName] once and for all.
Let them keep their pathetic Home Islands.
Our flag will fly in Tokyo!
Peace with China
In light of our armies' retreats from the Chinese mainland and the continued financial burdened the conflict has placed upon our strained economy, our government has decided to switch strategies. The Imperial Japanese Navy has successfully prevented any further shame on our nation by defending the waterways and blockading the Chinese coastline, measures that have ensured us some leverage over negotiations. We have therefore sought the most prudent course of action, which is to find a workable peace agreement.\n\nAfter long deliberations, the Chinese have agreed to terms. We will recognise their occupation of Manchuria and Korea and withdraw our claims and leases from their territory. We will however, be able to keep Taiwan, a large island claimed by the Chinese and ceded to us in the Treaty of Shimonoseki after our more successful performance in the first Sino-Japanese War.\n\nAlthough these circumstances are bitter, at least a grinding and protracted conflict has been avoided. A non-aggression treaty will be signed and we will hopefully have more peaceful relations with the Chinese in the future.
In light of our armies' retreats from the Chinese mainland and the continued financial burdened the conflict has placed upon our strained economy, our government has decided to switch strategies. The Imperial Japanese Navy has likewise seen considerable struggle in blockading the Chinese coast, damaging our leverage in negotiations. We have therefore sought the most prudent course of action, which is to find a workable peace agreement.\n\nAfter long deliberations, the Chinese have agreed to terms. We will recognise their occupation of Manchuria and Korea and withdraw our claims and leases from their territory. This will unfortunately include Taiwan, a large island claimed by the Chinese and ceded to us in the Treaty of Shimonoseki. Although we continue to occupy the island, the status of our fleet means that our grasp is tenuous. Returning it to them will hopefully at least keep Western imperialists and other outside aggressors out of the picture.\n\nAlthough these circumstances are bitter, at least a grinding and protracted conflict has been avoided. A non-aggression treaty will be signed and we will hopefully have more peaceful relations with the Chinese in the future.
In light of our armies' retreats from the Chinese mainland and the continued financial burdened the conflict has placed upon our strained economy, our government has decided to switch strategies. The Imperial Japanese Navy has likewise seen considerable struggle in blockading the Chinese coast, damaging our leverage in negotiations. We have therefore sought the most prudent course of action, which is to find a workable peace agreement.\n\nAfter long deliberations, the Chinese have agreed to terms. We will recognise their occupation of Manchuria and Korea and withdraw our claims and leases from their territory. This will unfortunately include Taiwan, a large island claimed by the Chinese and ceded to us in the Treaty of Shimonoseki. Chinese occupation of the island has greatly diminished our power projection in the south. At least in Chinese hands it will hopefully at least keep Western imperialists and other outside aggressors out of the picture.\n\nAlthough these circumstances are bitter, at least a grinding and protracted conflict has been avoided. A non-aggression treaty will be signed and we will hopefully have more peaceful relations with the Chinese in the future.
In light of our armies' retreats from the Chinese mainland and the continued financial burdened the conflict has placed upon our strained economy, our government has decided to switch strategies. The Imperial Japanese Navy has likewise seen considerable struggle in blockading the Chinese coast, damaging our leverage in negotiations. We have therefore sought the most prudent course of action, which is to find a workable peace agreement.\n\nAfter long deliberations, the Chinese have agreed to terms. We will recognise their occupation of Manchuria and Korea and withdraw our claims and leases from their territory. All prisoners held on both sides will be released, and our military is now freed for other necessary tasks in protecting our homeland.\n\nAlthough these circumstances are bitter, at least a grinding and protracted conflict has been avoided. A non-aggression treaty will be signed and we will hopefully have more peaceful relations with the Chinese in the future.
The war has developed not necessarily to Japan's advantage.
Peace Talks Rejected
Apparently, China hates us so much that they aren't willing to negotiate with us. Despite suffering major defeats on land, we will have to try and win in China. This means total war will take place in East Asia, and it seems it won't be an easy, nor a short, war.
It seems it's live or die, then.
End of the Second Sino-Japanese War.
The war of 1894-1895 had been a humiliating defeat for our nation. Now, the Japanese aggressors have finally been driven out, and we have finally avenged our fallen brothers in the First Sino-Japanese war. No more we shall allow foreign imperialist powers to meddle in the affairs of our proud nation, no more China shall be subjugated, for we will be the masters of our own destiny!
Wansui!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Peace
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has refused our peace offer. They will not be able to menace our coasts, since the Chinese lack a navy worthy of that name. However, facing the Chinese in a land battle will be no easy task, considering our previous tremendous defeat on the mainland. Winning this war will be hard for us.
We will have to fight until the last man.
Japan Offers Peace
After being completely humiliated by the Russian army, Japan has offered a conditional surrender, offering full retreat from the rightfully Russian regions they have illegally occupied. Their navy can do nothing besides blockading our ports on the Pacific coast, and their army has been almost entirely destroyed. Most military leaders and ministers say we should accept their conditional surrender, while a minority suggests we should push for a total victory, considering our industrial superiority over the Japanese.
We accept their terms, Mukden has been avenged.
We won't be satisfied until our army will march in the ruins of Tokyo.
Russia Accepts Peace
The Russian Bear has accepted our conditional surrender, allowing us to retreat our army from mainland Asia back to the safety of the Home Islands. While this is a humiliating defeat, at least it wasn't a total one. Our independence from the European imperialists has been maintained.
At least our boys are safe back home.
Peace with the Empire of the Fading Sun
The coward Japanese nation has been humiliated, and the Sun is fading in the East. The Samurai fell to the ground under the pressure of steel and fire unleashed by our army. Our proud soldiers were able to kick the Japanese occupiers back to their pathetic \
Hooray!
Russia Refuses Peace
The Russian Bear has refused our conditional surrender, citing that they \
We shall fight until the last man! Banzai!
Japan Collapses
Not so long ago, the Japanese Empire seemed invincible, a vigorous nation with limitless ambition, destined to break the back of Western imperialism in Asia. No longer. With the surrender of Japanese high command, and despite some units desperately fighting on across Asia, the [JAP.GetFactionName] has finally collapsed around us. Now we must fight on alone; our destiny our own to choose.
I thought they were stronger than that...
Anqing Abandons Reclamation
Anqing has broken away from the reclamation project, and Fengtian has drawn a line in the sand. We have had to stop sending them aid for their reconstruction.
So be it.
Anqing Abandons Reclamation
Anqing has broken away from the reclamation project, but Fengtian decided not to remove them from reconstruction, things seem like they are able to go on regardless.
That's good to hear.
Anqing Abandons Reclamation
Anqing has broken away from the reclamation project, and while Fengtian decided not to remove them from reconstruction, Anqing broke away of their own accord regardless.
Well that was pointless.
Japanese on the Move in the Pacific
The Japanese ambassador calmly came into [Root.GetLeader]'s office holding a telegram. A Japanese fleet has been dispatched to Hawaii, and within a few hours will be landing to set up a 'safety cordon'. He has stated that it is in the best interests of the people of the Pacific that the instability engulfing America not spread outside of its borders, and that the Japanese will be taking the initiative to bring stability and peace. He says that he hopes America will cooperate in the best interests of peace across the ocean, and invites us to send representatives to ensure a peaceful transition of power. This blatant power-grab has not gone unnoticed, but with America's current turmoil our leading officers question the Honolulu garrison's ability to hold of the invasion force. Hawks in cabinet insist that the internal situation will not last long, and that our men can hold out until reinforcements arrive. And that the Japanese would likely back down in face of American confidence. Others have called for calm, and are hoping to persuade [Root.GetLeader] to hold off on revenge till after America is stabilised. It is now up to the President to decide whether or not to instruct our Pacific garrisons to stand down or not. It is clear his decision may very well affect the future of the waters
We will return...
All hands, man your battlestations!
The Americans Surrender the Pacific
Victory in the Pacific! The American government, currently embroiled in political turmoil and lacking the political will to enforce it's hold on the Pacific Ocean has decided to accept our dominion and turn over control of their island bases. While some in America have called betrayal, their voices have so far been drowned out by the realities on the ground. A delegation has been sent to meet with American officials in Honolulu to secure a peaceful transfer of power and our troops landed without a shot fired. While the Americans insist that this is a \
Subarashi!
America Defiant!
An escalating crisis in the pacific! Despite the chaos engulfing North America, their stubborn government has refused to loosen their grip on the Pacific, promising harsh retaliation for any attempt to violate their sovereignty. This arrogant, greedy attitude could only be expected of these colonisers, but it leaves us in a bind. While there is no doubt that we can seize these islands by force, some have questioned the ability of our navy to hold on to these islands for more than a few years. The United States is a force to be reckoned with, called a sleeping giant by some. But others say the Japanese spirit has always been about defying odds, whether it be bringing the Chinese dragon to heel in 1895 or banishing the Russians from Manchuria in 1905. To lose face even while the Americans are at their weakest would be tantamount to surrender, forever consigning the Japanese people to a secondary role in the Pacific. This is it then, Japan is at a crossroads - what will the land of the rising sun choose to do next?
Tora! Tora! Tora!
Call the Fleet Back, Patience is a Virtue
An Invitation from [From.GetNameDef]
At the Tokyo Conference, Japanese officials brought up the notion of deeper economic ties between their nation and ours. Now they have approached the [Root.GetAdjective] government, presenting their offer to admit us into what they consider the economic part of their 'Co-Prosperity Sphere'. They say that we are free to join or refuse, as we desire.
The Japanese government has approached us with an offer to join the economic part of their 'Greater Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere'. With it, we would relax the rules for Japanese investment in [Root.GetNameDef], and bring with that investment a degree of prosperity and independence from 'Western Imperialism'. Some say, however, that this would simply be exchanging Western Imperialism for Japanese Imperialism, and that we should beware opening a box we may not be able to close again.
We agree to their offer.
We've no need of this.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Agreed
The [From.GetAdjective] government has seen the wisdom and economic benefits that becoming part of our economic sphere would bring. They have agreed to our terms.
Excellent.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused
The [From.GetAdjective] government, perhaps fearing our true motives, has declined our offer to join the Japanese economic sphere.
An unwise choice.
Increased Japanese Investment
With active encouragement by the [From.GetAdjective] government, investors from [From.GetNameDef] have been arriving in [Root.GetNameDef] in droves. Their presence will have some benefits, it's true, but there is a growing fear that this domination by the [From.GetAdjective] economy will ultimately see us beholden to the [From.GetAdjective] government... if we are not already.
Investors means more money, right?
Investors Build Factories
The Japanese investors in [Root.GetNameDef] have been busy creating new factories - a measurable benefit from our participation in the Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere, it seems.
That's good!
[Root.GetAdjective] Subservience to Japan
If there were concerns about Japan's continued investment in [Root.GetNameDef] leading to their domination, they can be set aside - it has already come to pass. [Root.GetAdjective] policy is already routinely made to please Japanese interests, and any thoughts we had of our independence have slowly become a polite fiction. The arrival of several 'advisors' from [From.GetNameDef] has laid to rest any idea that we may act as we wish within the Co-Prosperity Sphere.
So be it.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Ends Alliance
Foolishly, the [From.GetAdjective] government has elected to end its military alliance with us. It seems they feel they can make it without our assistance.
We shall see.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Withdraws from Sphere
Panicked by some irrational fears about us dominating it, the [From.GetAdjective] government has elected to end its participation in the Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere, cutting the ties between the [From.GetAdjective] economy and ours.
How foolish.
[From.GetAdjective] Investments Nationalised
The [From.GetAdjective] government has taken the drastic step of forcibly nationalising the investments we've made into [From.GetNameDef], also withdrawing their place in the Co-Prosperity Sphere in the process. Perhaps they worried about the prospect of Japanese control over their economy? If so, they have handed us the excuse to invade - if we desire to take them up on their provocation.
Leave them be.
We shall teach them a lesson!
[withdraw_country.GetNameDefCap] Leaves Economic Sphere
Having joined the [withdraw_country.GetFactionName], [withdraw_country.GetNameDef] can no longer be considered part of our economic sphere. They will have to go.
A foolish move on their part.
Withdrawing from the Japanese Sphere
With our joining the [Root.GetFactionName], we can no longer be considered part of Japan's economic sphere.
So be it!
Investors Build Dockyards
The Japanese investors in [Root.GetNameDef] have been busy creating new dockyards - a measurable benefit from our participation in the Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere it seems.
Very nice!
Japan Sends Naval Advisors
As part of naval development programme sponsored by Japanese Empire, group of Advisors came from Japan to aid us with our naval programme. They are highly knowledgable in many aspects, so it is up to use to direct them to where would be most useful.
Direct them to assist our engineers.
We could use the help of their tactical expertise.
Some practical experience from training exercises would be best.
First Prosperity Ships
The Japanese engineers which came to [Root.GetNameDef] have been busy teaching our dockyard workers how to build modern Japanese cargo ships, so called \
Great news!
Japan Wants Control of our Dockyards
The Japanese army and naval official this morning officially demanded control of all dockyards built by their companies in our country. They are reasoning that during these hard wartimes, naval production must be unified under their command.
Very well.
Who do they think they are?
Japan Returns Dockyards to Us
As our common threat is no more there is no legal reason for Japan to have control over our dockyards any more and as such they have returned them to us.
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Asks for Naval Advisors
This morning we received request from [From.GetNameDef] to send small number of our advisors to help in their naval development.
A worthy request.
Oh, I don't think so.
Japan Denies Our Request
Sadly Japan has denied our request to send us naval advisors.
A shame.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Denies Control of Dockyards
In a truly audacious move, we have been denied control of the very dockyards we worked to create. While it would be diplomatically ill-advised to react straight away, we will not forget this betrayal. They will regret this.
So much for being allies.
Japan Embargoes [Root.GetNameDef]!
For months we have been worried about the extent of Japanese ambitions and their aggressive moves in the South Pacific, and now we have reason to be. They have stated their intent to lead their sphere of influence to immediately end trade with [Root.GetNameDef], calling us an 'outpost of European colonialism and imperialism in Asia'. The strain this could place on our economy is not to be underestimated...
We can endure this.
This means a trade war!
We should draw closer to Japan.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Retaliates!
The [From.GetAdjective] government has imposed tariffs back on us! This gives us precisely the casus belli we were hoping for!
Yes, but not just yet...
Respond with military action!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Asks for Closer Ties
In response to our embargo, the [From.GetAdjective] government has asked to become part of our economic sphere, clearly believing it is better to work with us than against us.
Even better!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Does Nothing
The cowardly [From.GetAdjective] government has elected to do nothing in response to our embargo. They intend to simply endure it. If we wish to draw them into a war, we will have to do it the hard way.
So be it!
Japan Seems to Plan an Attack
We have gathered intelligence suggesting Japan is seeking to take over our colony in the Dutch East Indies. Our military experts warn that we might not be able to fend off such an invasion, considering the comparable states of the Japanese and government navies, and the size of the Japanese military.\n\nThey suggest that we go to the Kaiser and beg him for help: their interest, maintaining the status-quo, aligns with ours, and a Japanese takeover would threaten their possessions too. This might be our best shot at maintaining our colonial possession.
Message Berlin!
Surely this isn't necessary...
The Dutch Beg for Help
The Dutch discovered evidence that the Japanese are planning to invade their colony; realising that they would never be able to defend their colony with their largely overextended colonial army and limited naval assets compared to Japan. They point out however, that a Japanese takeover of their colony would severely upset our own defensive situation, and there is no doubt at all that the Japanese seek to evict us from the region as well!
We shall help you!
Clog-wearers shouldn't have colonies anyhow...
Germany Helps Out
The Germans have agreed to help protect the Dutch East Indies from our joint Japanese menace that's seeking to take our colony away.
A toast to our friends!
Germany Refuses to Protect Us!
The Germans let us know that it would not be in their best interest to give their protection to our colonial possessions in the Indies. It seems we stand alone!
We can defend the Indies ourselves, right?
[From.GetNameDefCap] Stands Alone
Unable or unwilling to get help, [From.GetNameDefCap] now sits alone. Their military is a fraction of the size of ours and their leaders weak; nothing shall stop us.
Banzai!
Indonesia Resists with German backing
The Germans have agreed to help protect the Dutch East Indies from us! While we still can attack, we should think carefully about if we are willing to start such a war.
We will not be swayed.
Perhaps now is not the time.
Japan Pursues Divide and Conquer Strategy
It seems that Japan's long-standing claims to the legitimacy of our government, not to mention 'Fraternal Asian Brotherhood', were nothing more than lip service. They are now moving towards a divide and conquer strategy for all of China. Our China. While this does signal that war with them might come sooner than we think, it has also damaged the standing of the Concordia Association, giving us more room to manoeuvre.
They will regret this.
Japan Exploits the Economy
With the conquest of Beijing and Nanjing, the Japanese have ramped up their efforts to exploit Manchuria for their own gain. This seems to be part of a larger policy to prepare all of China - likely under our rule - to be subservient under the Japanese. Such unparalleled barbarism cannot be tolerated, and we cannot afford to be painted guilty by association. Fortunately the pro-Japanese Concordia Association will have a hard time explaining this one away, reducing Japanese influence in our government.
We must seriously consider a new direction.
Japan Rewards Our Loyalty
In their wisdom, the Japanese government has decided to reward our loyalty, returning back to us land that is rightfully ours. While we are of course pleased at such a gesture, we must be careful; the Concordia Association has gained much support as a result, which will make it more difficult for us to oppose Japan in the future, should we wish to.
That land should have been ours in the first place.
The Enemy Has Overwhelming Force
By now it is become common knowledge that our enemies force far outnumber ours. What began as rumours from our intelligence service has now ended up coming true. While we will do what we can to keep public moral up, even our most steadfast supports are starting to question if continuing the fight is worth it; are we just prolonging the inevitable at this point?
There must be time to turn it around...
We Have Overwhelming Force
It has become increasingly clear to both us and Japan that our forces far outnumber theirs. As news of this has trickled down to the Japanese general public there is increasing unrest and support for their government is falling. If we maintain this advantage they will surely capitulate even sooner than we had hoped.
What excellent news!
Japan Expands Propaganda Operations
With their victories on the battlefield against the Chinese pretender armies, in particular the capture of Beijing and Nanjing, the Japanese have been making calls for the enemy to lay down their arms and join together in peace. Their propaganda praises [FNG.GetLeader] as the sole leader of all of China and derides the other claimants as petty warlords only interested in lining their own pockets. While the goodwill from Japan is certainly appreciated, it has only emboldened pro-Japanese voices in our government, who point to these occurrences as proof that Japan is a necessary and trustworthy ally.
Understood.
Kitei Son and Nan Shōryū
The 1936 Olympic games have come and gone, and we have reason to be proud. Our athletes have won us nine medals, setting a new national record, yet some of our victors have been... problematic. The athletes Kitei Son and Nan Shōryū - or as they prefer to be called, Sohn Kee-Chung and Nam Sung-Yong - did well in the marathon race, the former even winning 1st place, but they have overall failed to show enthusiasm proper for subjects of the Emperor. Between dropping their heads during the national anthem, hiding the flag on their chest, and insisting on being called Korean over Japanese, many within our country have been ashamed of their behaviour, in contrast to the popular attitude within Chōsen, largely supportive of their actions. As a result, the athletes have been banned by the central government from participation in future events as well as placed under surveillance. It would be a shame if their victory was used to promote instability within the empire.\n\nThe Foreign Office has also attempted to ensure sympathy abroad remains minimal by lodging a complaint with the Irish government and International Olympic Committee over a perceived lack of care towards ensuring that our athletes properly represent the empire. They have not yet responded.
How unfortunate.
Joint Military Exercise with [JAP.GetNameDef]
Since the establishment of a friendly government in Japan, our High Command has been keen to take the opportunity to study the tactics of the former Imperial Japanese Army and Navy, particularly in the field of naval invasions and amphibious warfare. The best proposal for this was a joint exercise, which, moreover, would also benefit the currently rebuilding [JAP.GetName] Defence Forces, so after months of planning, a joint operation had been held the previous week. During the 3-day exercise, a corps-sized unit was trained to land and capture key strategic points near the shore and defend the newly created beachhead. Our soldiers took part on the offensive side with Japanese advisors with war experience assigned to every division.\n\nA few years ago, even the most optimistic voices could not have imagined that, our two armies would meet in an exercise where they would only be shooting at each other in imagination, or that the more or less successful conversations with the suddenly prepared dictionary booklets would take place in such a surprisingly friendly atmosphere.
Shōgi? Is it a fruit or... ?
Japanese Propaganda Campaign
Since the Japanese capture of Beijing and Nanjing, the Japanese have been expanding propaganda operations calling for peace in the name of Pan-Asianism. Though we know they spout lies, it seems that their rhetoric has infected our populace.
Unfortunate.
Japanese Propaganda Campaign
Since the Japanese capture of Beijing and Nanjing, the Japanese have been expanding propaganda operations calling for peace and reconciliation between Japan and China, to clear up the misunderstandings between the 'two great nations'. Though we know they spout lies, it seems that their rhetoric has infected our populace and some in our army as well.
Japanese Propaganda Campaign
Since the Japanese capture of Beijing and Nanjing, the Japanese have been expanding propaganda operations calling for peace  and for the warlords to stand down so that unity may come to China again. Though we know they spout lies, it seems that their rhetoric has infected our populace and some in our army as well.
Japan Launches Operation Ichi-gō
This morning, the Japanese military mission head in our country announced that a state of war now exists between the nominal Chinese Government, implying that Japan was about to play an active role in the unstable Chinese political sphere. As the Kwantung Army operates and defends Japanese interests in Manchuria, our government has been ordered to take immediate measures to ensure that Japanese supply and military needs are to be met.\n\nFurthermore, we are to take part in Japan's war with China. The Japanese Government has been vague on its implications for Japanese plans regarding China, but they have invited us to participate in their Greater Pan-Asian Alliance. In order to facilitate peace and security in Asia and to prevent the western imperialists from taking further advantage of China, Japan has urged us to join the fight against the Chinese Government. While this means that we will fight against our fellow Chinese with the Japanese, it does not seem like we have much of a choice with Japan's presence and threat so close to home.
Very well.
Prince Kan'in Prepares to Visit Fengtian
Prince Kan'in Kotohito, Great-Uncle to the Emperor, has informed the government of his intention to conduct a state visit to [FNG.GetLeader]'s Manchurian based government. This is not the Prince's first visit to [716.Controller.GetVictoryPointName_11771], but with Fengtian's ambitions to extend their rule over all of China quickly seeming more and more likely to come to fruition, the Prince has expressed a personal interest in inspecting the readiness of their government for this struggle.\n\nWhile the government has of course approved the Prince's request and has already begun preparing for the details of his visit, many fear that it may be far from routine. As countless have become far too unfortunately aware in recent years, China is filled with radical elements, and especially in Fengtian many of them will struggle to pass up the opportunity to do harm to a member of the Japanese royal family. To ensure this does not come to pass the exact details and itinerary will need to be kept a closely guarded secret, and a letter has been sent via the consulate in [716.Controller.GetVictoryPointName_11771] warning [FNG.GetLeader] to not mess this up, phrased of course as diplomatically as possible.
The Prince's visit will go without a hitch, if Zhang knows what's good for him.
Fengtian Cancels the Prince's Visit Early
Citing a potentially uncovered plot to assassinate Prince Kan'in, the Fengtian Government has suddenly cancelled the rest of the Prince's visit to Manchuria. Within a few hours the Prince was back on a ship destined for Japan, with the Prince reportedly expressing to anyone who would listen his disdain for [FNG.GetLeader]'s inability to ensure the continuation of his tour.
While unfortunate, at least he is unharmed.
Prince's Visit Cancelled Early
With the Fengtian Government now in a state of war, a mutual decision has been made for the Prince's visit to the nation to be cancelled. While the cancellation is of course primarily due to security reasons, the Prince will be needed back home in Japan to help coordinate plans for aiding Fengtian in their offences.
With the Fengtian Government now in a state of war, a mutual decision has been made for the Prince's visit to the nation to be cancelled. The cancellation is of course primarily due to security reasons, with the Prince's entourage being hurriedly evacuated back home to Japan now that we are at war with them.
A shame, but an understandable one.
Prince Kan'in Returns to Japan
To the relief, and significant surprise, of much of the government, Prince Kan'in Kotohito has finished his tour of the Fengtian Government's territories without any major complications. After a full inspection of the Government's major cities and their military installations, the Prince returned home to Japan via a ship which arrived back late last night.\n\nWasting no time, the Prince has compiled a shortform report about the observations of his visit. While he of course remained very courteous about Fengtian's failings during the duration of his visit, the same has not rang true with his report. Describing in great details the military, social, and even economic shortcomings of [FNG.GetLeader]'s state, the report finally concludes by questioning if Fengtian will even be able to maintain control of Manchuria, let alone the rest of the nation.
Well, it could have always been worse.
Prince Kan'in Returns to Japan
To the relief, and significant surprise, of much of the government, Prince Kan'in Kotohito has finished his tour of the Fengtian Government's territories without any major complications. After a full inspection of the Government's major cities and their military installations, the Prince returned home to Japan via a ship which arrived back late last night.\n\nWasting no time, the Prince has compiled a shortform report about the observations of his visit. Rather shockingly, the report has contained almost nothing but praise for the Fengtian regime, and great commendation for [FNG.GetLeader]'s excellent leadership of it. It seems that the Prince is highly confident that barring extenuating circumstances, Fengtian will be able to soon extend their rule across the whole of China. To top it all of, it seems that the Prince has personally arranged for a small gift to be provided to Fengtian as a \
Sounds like he enjoyed himself then.
Failed Attempt on Prince Kan'in's Life!
It appears that the fears of many in the government have come to fruition, and an assassination attempt has been carried out against Prince Kan'in Kotohito during his tour of the Fengtian Government's territories. While this is of course disastrous news, there is at least a silver lining as the Prince has survived this brutal deed relatively unscathed. After being quickly treated by the Japanese medical staff sent to accompany him for if such an event were to occur, it seems that the Prince is on track for a remarkably swift recovery.\n\nNews of this failed assassination has reached [JAP.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] remarkably fast, prompting a flurry of angry demands throughout the night for [FNG.GetLeader]'s head, preferrably on a silver plater. As dawn began to break, these demands began to shift to a more reasonable push for the temporary withdrawal of Japanese aid to Fengtian as punishment for their insolence. These calls are not universal however, and some have instead argued that punishing an ally so harshly over this will simply harm Japanese interests in the long run, and advocate only a token condemnation. It seems an executive decision must be made as to how to respond.
They must be punished for this insolence!
They simply did the best they could.
Collapse of the Japanese Empire
An unprecedented rising Asian powerhouse, the Empire of Japan, announced that they had formally surrendered all their forces on the Home Islands regarding their recent capitulation. The stubborn and warlike people of Japan are not accustomed to submitting yet faced with annihilation; they have undoubtedly decided to spare their country from further destruction. Once regarded as the premier industrial nation in the Pacific with one of the world's most modern navies and armies to boast, the Japanese defeat led to their sphere's ultimate dissolution. In the face of such an overwhelming defeat, the various members of the Co-Prosperity lay scattered and adrift - perhaps prone to foreign aggression. One thing remains certain, however, and that is that the rising sun has finally faded, and with it, new powers in Asia may soon take its place.
The Sun has faded.
The Great Pacific War
Ever since the Second American Civil War, the Empire of Japan stood virtually unopposed in the Pacific, with many predicting that it would become the foremost power in the region, eclipsing its American and German rivals in influence. Rebuilding its military and industrial might after the civil war, the American government set its sight on the Pacific again, openly challenging Japan's dominance — with reports of naval engagements between the two great powers.\n\nDespite Japan's resounding successes across the Pacific, it now faces its most significant challenge yet, as the industrial juggernaut of America shakes off the rubble of the Civil War and its war machine comes to life again.
The sun shall not set upon us!
May we prevail, and quickly!
In a moment of weakness we stumbled, but will not falter!
We stand with the eagle!
It seems that Japan has overstepped its bounds for the last time.
The imperialists scuffle amongst themselves!
The balance of power will be settled one way or the other.
Can the juggernaut stand up to Japan's dominance?
The Rising Sun
The situation in Japan has been ever critical since the Tsingtao accord, muddled by numerous economic crises and unrest. Their ineffective response to the German interventions in China led to the collapse of the autocratic Tanaka regime. However, the Empire of the Rising Sun managed to bounce back as a regional power limited to the reaches of East Asia.\n\nToday, Japanese leadership has announced a new plan to seize their spot amongst the Great Powers, by force if deemed necessary. This news has already begun to reach Berlin, with the Kaiser and the chancellery having yet to respond to this barefaced threat over their colonial holdings.
The mighty Japanese empire had only begun to spread its wings of power after the collapse of the Berlin Stock Exchange and Qing's dominance over China. However, in a shocking turn of events, China has managed to overwhelm Japanese forces across Korea and has pushed them off of the mainland entirely. Many observers before this moment would have agreed that Japan would become the dominant power in eastern Asia, but this remains unclear after their calamitous defeat.\n\nIn a recent public address by the leadership of Japan, it appears that they are not troubled by this ‘minor inconvenience' and have announced their plans on becoming a great power once more. Only time can tell if Japan can truly follow through on their ambitions.
Troubling.
Failed Army Coup In Tokyo
Shocking news from Japan. Today radical elements of the Imperial military led by ultra-monarchists and nationalists launched an attempted putsch against the ailing democratic government in Tokyo. Despite seizing control of key government apparatus and buildings across the capital, the Emperor explicitly refused to support the faction which led to the coup's almost inevitable collapse within hours.\n\nA number of senior army officers and their supporters have committed ritual suicide in shame. A key lynchpin of democracy has been preserved in East Asia, at least for now.
Japanese democracy survives.
Fate of the Japanese Imperial Family
Following the regime change in the former Empire of Japan, the fate of the Yamato Imperial Family became uncertain - until yesterday. With the conclusion of the first Congress of the People's Republic of Japan, it has been decided that the Yamato family should not be allowed to stay in Japan. Today, the Yamato family departed from Tokyo in an ocean liner headed towards the Americas, toward a life of exile.\n\nThis move has sparked a strike at Tokyo Harbour, as well as protests in most major cities, but the situation is expected to normalise in a few months' time.
Following the regime change in the former Empire of Japan, the fate of the Yamato Imperial Family became uncertain - until yesterday. With the conclusion of the first Congress of the People's Republic of Japan, it has been decided that the Imperial Family should have their titles and status abolished - as of today, the Yamato family holds citizen status, being no different than their former subjects.\n\nThis move has sparked a strike in the centre of Tokyo, as well as smaller protests in Osaka and Nagasaki, but the situation is expected to normalise in a month's time.
Following the regime change in the former Empire of Japan, the fate of the Yamato Imperial Family became uncertain - until yesterday. Per the demands of [JAP.overlord.GetNameDef], the Imperial institution has been abolished, with the Imperial Family stripped of all titles and status - as of today, the Yamato family holds citizen status, being no different than their former subjects.\n\nThis move has sparked a strike in the centre of Tokyo, as well as smaller protests in Osaka and Nagasaki, with widespread public opposition likely to become a staple of the new government's tenure, for as long as that may ultimately be.
Following the regime change in the former Empire of Japan, the fate of the Yamato Imperial Family became uncertain - until yesterday. With the conclusion of the special Diet session of the [JAP.GetName], it has been decided that the Emperor, as the symbol of the State and the Japanese people, and in wider sense, the Imperial Family could carry out public and official duties, but not have any role in the new government.\n\nTo emphasise this, in an extraordinary radio speech, Emperor [JAP.GetLeader] publicly renounced his own divinity, stressing that the ties between the Throne and the people have always stood upon mutual trust and affection, not upon mere myths or legends.
Following the regime change in the former Empire of Japan, the fate of the Yamato Imperial Family became uncertain - until yesterday. With the conclusion of the special Diet session of the [JAP.GetName], it has been decided that the Emperor, as the symbol of the State and the Japanese people, and in wider sense, the Imperial Family could carry out public and official duties, but not have any role in the new government.\n\nIn an interview given to international press, prince regent Takamatsu stressed that despite the nationwide stupor created by the late Emperor's abdication, it is a necessary step to ensure a long lasting period of peace, and renewed ties between Japan and its collaborators.
One era ends, another begins.
The Shōwa Restoration
Reports from Tokyo for the past few weeks have been scarce, but now, few can doubt that Japanese democracy is dead. Following the failure of the government to crack down on the nation's nascent Syndicalist movement, conservative officers conducted a coup d'etat, ousting the Prime Minister and establishing a military dictatorship. But even this has proven temporary - officers aligned with the rival Restorationist faction have launched a counter-coup.\n\nAs the streets of Asia's greatest city run red with blood, they have announced the Shōwa Restoration - a restoration of ultimate power to the Emperor, and the rebirth of Japan, free from the corrupting influences of Syndicalism, democracy, and Western influence.
Sonnō tōkan!
Oh no...
Military Coup in Japan
Reports from Tokyo for the past few weeks have been scarce, but it appears now that Japanese democracy is dead. After years of infighting, scandals, and corruption among the political parties, radical Restorationist officers launched a coup d'etat, aiming to transform the country into an ultranationalist regime. Ultimately, it seems, their efforts were for nought - troops loyal to the government were able to launch a counter-coup and successfully crush the rebels.\n\nYet, this episode has shown without a doubt the parties' weakness. Japan has effectively transformed into a military dictatorship, with nationalism, corporatism, and militarism as guiding principles.
Banzai!
Oh no...
Crisis Brews in the Legations
The International Mandate for the Concessions, Settlements and Legations in China, better known as the Legation Cities, was created for the purpose of maintaining the American-sponsored \
They would be wise to hear what we have to say.
The Japanese are once more on the move.
We shall keep a close eye on the situation.
§RJapan is planning to seize the Legation Cities, by force if necessary. It would be wise to prepare for such an event.§!
The Japanese Make Their Demands
Katsuo Okazaki has reluctantly delivered an audacious telegram to Legation authorities informing them of the Japanese government's intention to deploy thousands of troops from the Shanghai Expeditionary Army to the city. While the Japanese do have some rights by treaty to station small garrisons in the Legation Cities in China, this is far beyond what was agreed upon. The telegram has given an extremely short deadline to accept the deployment and word has spread that Tokyo has amassed a fleet and landing force to seize the Legations by force if necessary.
Regardless of what the Japanese claim, everyone can see that accepting will mean the end of the end of the International Mandate. No doubt allowing this deployment would be quickly followed by the Japanese placing the Legation Defense Force under their direct control and the de facto dissolution of the Legation Council. This is perhaps the greatest crisis the Legation Cities has faced in its brief existence.
$japan_legations_crisis_events.001.intro$\n\nAmid Japan's wars in China and South East Asia, the Empire has sought to justify this drastic escalation by claiming a recent attack by Chinese mobs on Japanese monks near Sanyou Factory in Shanghai as pretext for an intervention. Believed by our authorities to be staged by Japanese intelligence as a false-flag, the truth seems irrelevant as the local Zaibatsu lodge complaints and the Japanese Residents Association publicly demand the Japanese fleet take action.\n\n$japan_legations_crisis_events.001.closer$
$japan_legations_crisis_events.001.intro$\n\nAmid Japan's war with Germany colonies, Japan has sought to cast this at home as ending Western Imperialism and fulfilling the Co-Prosperity Sphere's Pan-Asian ambitions. They claim to be acting on behalf of their various Chinese puppet governments and local proxies such as the Japanese Residents Association in Shanghai.\n\n$japan_legations_crisis_events.001.closer$
$japan_legations_crisis_events.001.intro$\n\nAmid Japan's escalating war in China, they have sought to justify their actions as ensuring the Legation's neutrality in their conflict, accusing the Chinese of receiving illegal outside assistance through the cities. They further argue that their occupation will help ensure the safety of international citizens amid the conflict, using complaints from the Japanese Residents Association in Shanghai as a flimsy excuse.\n\n$japan_legations_crisis_events.001.closer$
We must inform our allies.
Plead our allies for support.
We must inform the council.
Plead the council for support.
It seems we will have to make a decision soon...
§GOur allies will be much more likely to listen to us.§!
Last Days of the Lonely Legations?
We in the Legation Cities find ourselves alone, abandoned by our would-be allies and guarantors. The Japanese expeditionary force will be here within days, and time to answer their ultimatum is rapidly running out. As rumors spread about the Japanese threat, an exodus of residents from the cities has begun.\n\nRunning low on options, High Commissioner [LEC.GetLeader] weighs his odds. The International Volunteer Corps, which make up the bulk of the Legation Defense Force, is primarily armed and trained to put down local rebels and keep rogue warlord units at bay rather than fight off a full-fledged invasion. But there are some fortifications in the cities and with Japan already at war perhaps there is some hope we can hold out.\n\nAccepting their terms will mean the end of the Mandate but at least hopefully keep fighting outside of the International Quarter. But with the Japanese seemingly insistent on taking control over our forces altogether, the point might be moot as the end of our neutrality may invite an assault by neighboring Chinese warlord governments. With precious little time left, a hard decision will have to be made.
We have no choice but to fold.
Mobilise the Legation Defense Force, we stand our ground!
§RThis course of action may lead to a war!§!
The Legations Fold
After we delivered our ultimatum demanding control over the Legation Cities in China, the Legation leadership entered into a crisis. Though there were some concerns that external backers may attempt to resist our efforts, in the end they chose to surrender to our terms rather than fight.\n\nThis of course is the only right and just course of action. The Legations are a visible scar of European Imperialism and their neutrality in conflicts across Asia have always been suspect. Our decision to end this farce was necessary to protect our interests, secure our supply lines, and ensure the safety of our citizens within the cities. Despite obtaining nominal support for this move by our Chinese allies, given the strategic situation we do not expect to hand over control over the Legations to them, at least for the time being.\n\nWith the resignation of the old High Commissioner, our advanced delegation led by newly installed High Commissioner Katsuo Okazaki have moved quickly to take command of the old International Mandate and outlying areas. Our officers have taken command over the Legation Defense Forces and given their mercenary nature and mutual suspicion of the Chinese this was a fairly easy task. In any case, any resisting officers were purged. Our marines in the Shanghai Garrison will be expecting reinforcements soon.\n\nLocal Chinese warlord governments are not likely to take this very well however, suspecting they will be targeted next. Pressured by anti-concessionist and nationalist mobs, they may try to march on the cities and drive our forces to sea before we can consolidate. With protections offered by the Legation treaties now void, we will need to move swiftly to ensure our gains are not stolen from beneath us.
A great victory for the forces of Asian Liberation!
§RNeighbouring Chinese factions may view this as provocative!§!
Japan Moves into the Legations
The formation of the Legation Cities was perhaps the ultimate culmination of the Century of Humiliation, formalising foreign control over major Chinese cities. Created as an agreement between several Imperialist powers to combine their concessions in major coastal cities to prevent fighting between them and more efficiently extract resources from China, it seems that in the end the project collapsed with the Japanese sending an expeditionary force to seize control over the vulnerable International Mandate.\n\nTokyo of course has played a double-game in its messaging, claiming to Western powers that their violation of international treaties is to ensure the Legations' neutrality in their widening conflicts in East Asia while telling their Asian allies that the move is on behalf of their puppet Chinese governments and a supposedly a triumph for Pan-Asianism. At home they have also played up attacks on Japanese monasteries in Shanghai as a pretext for sending troops to secure the city.\n\nEither way, it does not require a genius to realise that this means the effective end of the Legations for good. It also does not require a genius to know that we will soon be next in Japan's chain of aggression. With international treaties now irrevocably void, patriotic officers and anti-imperialist groups have demanded that we move to seize the concessions for ourselves before the Japanese can consolidate their foothold. They demand one final war of resistance against Japan, uniting the divided Chinese factions across the country, though some caution that this outpouring of nationalist outrage will not be enough to actually win such a conflict.
That is Chinese land, and forever shall be!
We must bide our time...
Japan Seizes the Legations
The Legation Cities in China were created after American arbitration to prevent a war between Germany and Japan over their Chinese spheres of influence. This \
Our forces triumphantly enter the city!
A spineless surrender of Shanghai.
So closes the Open Door.
The Legations Resist!
After we delivered our ultimatum demanding control over the Legations Cities in China, the Legation leadership entered into a crisis. Throughout there were concerns about the possibility of external backers or just local stubbornness foiling our efforts, and in the end they decided to resist - mobilising the Legation Defense Forces and disarming any garrisons loyal to us.\n\nWe had no choice to make these demands - in addition to being a visible scar of European Imperialism and the Legation Cities' neutrality in conflicts across Asia have always been suspect. Our decision to end this farce was necessary to protect our interests, secure our supply lines, and ensure the safety of our citizens within the cities.\n\nTheir unexpected resolve has thrown a wrench in our plans. Now we are faced with a new difficult choice. To back down would make us appear weak, something we cannot afford when already embroiled in a major war. The Legation Defense Force is a weak rabble of militia and mercenaries, but their fortifications may be formidable. We need to strike quickly and try and overrun these vital strategic cities, though it may be a tall task.
Order the Shanghai Expeditionary Army to land immediately!
We have no choice but to backtrack and try to apologize...
Japan Strikes the Legations
The Legation Cities in China were created after American arbitration to prevent a war between Germany and Japan over their Chinese spheres of influence. This \
We shall strike quickly and decisively!
Japan creates even more enemies for themselves.
The Legations are embroiled in the very war they were created to prevent.
The Legation Crisis Defuses
The Legation Cities in China were created after American arbitration to prevent a war between Germany and Japan over their Chinese spheres of influence. This \
A shameful defeat.
The Rising Sun humiliated.
The Legations hold on...
Japan Demands the Legations
The Japanese have sent an audacious telegram to High Commissioner [LEC.GetLeader] informing him of their intention to deploy thousands of troops from the Shanghai Expeditionary Army to the city, citing their desire to \
$japan_legations_crisis_events.010.d.standard$\n\nUnderstanding the growing odds, High Commissioner [LEC.GetLeader] has begged us to protect the International Mandate in a moving letter, claiming he believes they can hold the line and pleading for the safety of its citizens. It seems like a long shot, but he sincerely hopes to convince us to resist the Japanese ultimatum.
Unfortunately, the Legations are not worth defending.
We will defend the Legation Cities as we promised!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Abandons Us!
After weighing their options, the [FROM.GetAdjective] government has decided to accept Japanese demands. An advanced delegation of Japanese officials and officers led by Katsuo Okazaki quickly arrived in Shanghai and pressured High Commissioner [LEC.GetLeader] to hand over de facto control over the administration of the International Mandate and the Legation Defense forces.\n\nKatsuo Okazaki has promised to respect the property and ensure the rights and safety of the residents in the Legations but already an exodus of foreign citizens has begun. As Chinese nationalists protest the arrival of Japanese forces and tensions rise, the decision of the Legation Council has likely doomed the city.\n\nWith our foreign backers having abandoned us to our fate, this may spell the end. A final decision will have to be made soon whether to accept this occupation or make a final stand (likely in vain).
A horrific betrayal!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Defends Us!
After weighing their options, the [FROM.GetAdjective] government has decided to reject Japanese demands. High Commissioner [LEC.GetLeader] and the Legation Defense Force have moved swiftly to disarm local garrisons loyal to Japan and fortify their positions against any potential assault. This bold decision calls the Japanese bluff, hoping this show of force will convince Tokyo to back down.\n\nWith their fleet and expeditionary force still likely in play, fears of a wider war have grown and an exodus of citizens has already begun. But this unexpected resolve has no doubt thrown a wrench in Japan's plans.\n\nMorale has risen among our forces though if the Japanese invasion proceeds we will still have to hold out until help arrives. This is a major victory for our government as we struggle to survive, though sadly it likely marks the end of Legation neutrality for good.
Now let us prepare for war...
Japan Demands the Legations
The Japanese have sent an audacious telegram to High Commissioner [LEC.GetLeader] informing him of their intention to deploy thousands of troops from the Shanghai Expeditionary Army to the city, citing their desire to \
$japan_legations_crisis_events.020.d.standard$\n\nUnderstanding the growing odds, High Commissioner [LEC.GetLeader] has begged us to protect the International Mandate in a moving letter, claiming he believes they can hold the line and pleading for the safety of its citizens. It seems like a long shot, but perhaps it may just sway the council in his favor.
We vote to accept Japanese demands.
We vote to reject Japanese demands.
The Council Votes to Accept Japanese Demands
After a rapid vote, the Legation Council has decided to accept Japanese demands. An advanced delegation of Japanese officials and officers led by Katsuo Okazaki quickly arrived in Shanghai and pressured High Commissioner [LEC.GetLeader] to hand over de facto control over the administration of the International Mandate and the Legation Defense forces.\n\nKatsuo Okazaki has promised to respect the property and ensure the rights and safety of the residents in the Legations but already an exodus of foreign citizens has begun. As Chinese nationalists protest the arrival of Japanese forces and tensions rise, the decision of the Legation Council has likely doomed the city.
$japan_legations_crisis_events.021.d.council$\n\nWith our foreign backers having abandoned us to our fate, this may spell the end. A final decision will have to be made soon whether to accept this occupation or make a final stand (likely in vain).
A tragic but unfortunately realistic outcome.
...But one we refuse to accept!
It seems our time has come...
Reality finally sets in for the West.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Defends Us!
In a shocking turn of events, it seems that [FROM.GetNameDef] has bucked the rest of the Legation Council and moved to defend us despite the odds. Their representative has encouraged the High Commissioner [LEC.GetLeader] to resist the Japanese landing and hold out until reinforcements arrive. While still a long shot, perhaps there is hope yet for our survival.
It seems we are not alone...
The Council Votes to Reject Japanese Demands
After a rapid vote, the Legation Council has decided to reject Japanese demands. High Commissioner [LEC.GetLeader] and the Legation Defense Force have moved swiftly to disarm local garrisons loyal to Japan and fortify their positions against any potential assault. This bold decision calls the Japanese bluff, hoping that a united front of Western powers will force Tokyo to back down.\n\nWith their fleet and expeditionary force still likely in play, fears of a wider war have grown and an exodus of citizens has already begun. But this unexpected resolve by the council has no doubt thrown a wrench in Japan's plans and has bolstered the mandate's position.
$japan_legations_crisis_events.025.d.council$\n\nWith our foreign backers supporting us, morale has risen among our forces though if the Japanese invasion proceeds we will still have to hold out until help arrives. But this is nevertheless a major victory for our government as we struggle to survive.
War seems imminent...
...but we will not be a part of this.
It seems a time of reckoning is here.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Abandons Us!
Despite the Legation Council's vote to reject Japanese demands, [FROM.GetNameDef] has bucked the rest of the Legation Council and evacuated their forces, embassy staff, and their citizens. This marks the end of their participation in the International Mandate and they hope that by withdrawing they will avoid being dragged into a conflict in the East. Their cowardice will be noted, but there is little we can do to stop them.
It seems we are increasingly alone.
Japan Moves On the Legations
A secret telegram from Tokyo has been sent directly to [LEC.GetLeader]'s desk, informing him of the Japanese government's imminent desire to deploy an expeditionary force to reinforce the Shanghai Garrison in preparation for the final dissolution of the Legation Cities. This of course was always the plan, but their government has been waiting for just the right time to do so.\n\nThe Japanese government is playing a double-game of sorts, to Western powers it plans to justify their decision as ensuring the Legations' neutrality in their coming conflicts while to their Asian powers the move is on behalf of the Japanese supported Chinese-governments and supposedly a triumph for Pan-Asianism. At home they have also played up attacks on Japanese monasteries in Shanghai as a pretext to send troops to secure the city and other Legations.\n\nRegardless of justification and their planned assurances to protect the safety of the residents of the international quarter, everyone can see that in practice this will bring about the end of the Legations one way or another. The Japanese high command intends to take direct command of the Legation Defense Force and while [LEC.GetLeader] will likely remain in some form of legal control, the military will likely take direct command over the cities. It also will likely provoke conflict with neighboring Chinese states as the voiding of the Legation Treaties and arrival of Japanese forces will give pretext for a conflict.\n\nThere likely is not much to be done at this point for [LEC.GetLeader] but follow his orders and accept his (what he hopes will be substantial) due reward. But perhaps the court in Tokyo can be persuaded to hold off on annexation orders with a well written plea.
We shall prepare their arrival.
Plead for more time.
The Fate of the Legations
A secret telegram from Tokyo has been sent directly to [LEC.GetLeader]'s desk, informing him of our government's imminent desire to deploy an expeditionary force to reinforce the Shanghai Garrison in preparation for the final dissolution of the Legation Cities. This of course was always the plan, but our government has been waiting for just the right time to do so.\n\nOur government is playing a double-game of sorts, to Western powers it plans to justify their decision as ensuring the Legations' neutrality in their coming conflicts while to their Asian powers the move is on behalf of the Japanese supported Chinese-governments and supposedly a triumph for Pan-Asianism. At home they have also played up attacks on Japanese monasteries in Shanghai as a pretext to send troops to secure the city and other Legations.\n\nRegardless of justification and our planned assurances to protect the safety of the residents of the international quarter, everyone can see that in practice this will bring about the end of the Legations one way or another. The Japanese high command intends to take direct command of the Legation Defense Force and while [LEC.GetLeader] will likely remain in some form of legal control, the military will likely take direct command over the cities. It also will likely provoke conflict with neighboring Chinese states as the voiding of the Legation Treaties and arrival of Japanese forces will give pretext for a conflict - perhaps the one potential reason to countermand our orders.
$japan_legations_crisis_events.031.d_normal$\n\nCommissioner [LEC.GetLeader] has made an odd, some may say audacious plea in response, asking the high command to hold off on their deployment out of fear of a wider conflict over the Legations, noting that potential damage to valuable infrastructure war would bring. He claims the Legation Defense Force would be sufficient to keep Shanghai safe. While it would be easy to simply ignore him, perhaps after his successful leadership, his advice may be worth considering.
Deploy the Shanghai Expeditionary Army - We shall formally end the Legation Farce.
We shall preserve the status quo in Shanghai.
Japan Moves to End the Legations
The formation of the Legation Cities was perhaps the ultimate culmination of the Century of Humiliation, formalising foreign control over major Chinese cities. The successful Japanese takeover of the Legation Council was always met with suspicion by patriotic Chinese, and those fears were finally validated with the deployment of Japanese forces into Shanghai and the direct takeover of the Legation Defense Forces by Japanese commanders.\n\nTokyo of course has played a double-game in its messaging, claiming to Western powers that their violation of international treaties is to ensure the Legations' neutrality in their widening conflicts in East Asia while telling their Asian allies that the move is on behalf of their puppet Chinese governments and a supposedly a triumph for Pan-Asianism. At home they have also played up attacks on Japanese monasteries in Shanghai as a pretext for sending troops to secure the city.\n\nEither way, it does not require a genius to realise that this means the effective end of the Legations for good. It also does not require a genius to know that we will soon be next in Japan's chain of aggression. With international treaties now irrevocably void, patriotic officers and anti-imperialist groups have demanded that we move to seize the concessions for ourselves before the Japanese can consolidate their foothold. They demand one final war of resistance against Japan, uniting the divided Chinese factions across the country, though some caution that this outpouring of nationalist outrage will not be enough to actually win such a conflict.
That is Chinese land, and forever shall be!
We must bide our time...
Japan Ends the Legations
When Japanese representative Katsuo Okazaki became High Commissioner of the Legation Cities in China, many international residents began to leave. They could see the writing on the wall - that the Japanese government would slowly begin the process of taking over the ostensibly neutral cities for themselves.\n\nThat finally came to pass when the Shanghai Expeditionary Army landed and placed the International Mandate directly under their control. The Japanese have defended their move through contradictory claims of preserving Legation neutrality, Pan-Asian liberation, and the protection of their citizens, but regardless the end is near for the Legations. With the Legation treaties void, war with neighboring Chinese warlord states also seems inevitable...
A great triumph for Japan and the Co-Prosperity Sphere!
Japanese aggression knows no bounds!
So ends the farce of Legation neutrality...
Tokyo Leaves the Legations Alone
When Japanese representative Katsuo Okazaki became High Commissioner of the Legation Cities in China, many international residents began to leave. They could see the writing on the wall - that the Japanese government would slowly begin the process of taking over the ostensibly neutral cities for themselves.\n\nAfter rumors rapidly spread of a planned Japanese landing of an expeditionary force in Shanghai, it seems Tokyo has countermanded their orders and the arrival of their fleet never materialised. This has defused fears of a wide war for the Legations, though many continue to question how much autonomy High Commissioner Katsuo Okazaki has from his native government or if this will meaningfully save the cities from the devastation of war in the long term.
The Legations live to see another day.
Arahata Kanson
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 14th, 1887, in Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe first Chairman of the People's Republic of Japan, Arahata Kanson, took office during the immediate change in the political landscape of the nation. Having been arrested in the Red Flag Incident, Arahata had to hide his pro-socialist tendencies, later creating a socialist underground for left-leaning activists. It is said Arahata might be responsible for all the radical left violence against the Imperial regime.§!
Katayama Tetsu
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 28th, 1887, in Tanabe, Wakayama Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Ishibashi Tanzan
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1884, in Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Yoshida Shigeru
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 22nd, 1878, in Kanda, Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Kishi Nobusuke
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 13th, 1896, in Yamaguchi, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Takamatsu Nobuhito
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1905, in Tōgū Palace, Aoyama, Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Hirohito
§YBorn:§! §LApril 29th, 1901, in Tōgū Palace, Aoyama, Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$JAP_hirohito_desc_body$§!
Hirohito, the 124th Emperor of Japan, ascended to the Chrysanthemum Throne in 1926 following the death of his father, Emperor Taishō. Having served as regent from 1921, the young prince was confronted with several disasters and crises, including the Great Kantō Earthquake and an assassination attempt, both in 1923. Now, having been Emperor for a decade, during which he largely remained aloof from the parliamentary politics that took hold during his regency, he maintains the role of a spiritual leader of the nation, the divine embodiment of Japan.\n\nThe Emperor himself is an enigmatic and even indecisive man, holding considerable power in Japanese politics but in practice often relying on the advice of his Privy Council. He is eager and passive by turns, determined to maintain a strong role in the running of his country but often acquiescing to the wishes of his advisors or the military. His political evolution has led him to become a staunch supporter of Japan's imperial ambitions, and he has resolved to play what he sees as his necessary role in attaining imperial glory for Japan.
It would appear that harsh and uncertain times have befallen the once formerly great Japanese power. Once regarded as the strongest naval power in all of East Asia, one worthy of competing with the Kaiserliche Marine, the Japanese Empire's daring ambition would soon prove to be their downfall. After a victorious land and sea campaign by their enemy forces, Japan has become completely occupied for the first time in its history.
§YBorn:§! §LApril 29th, 1901, in Tōgū Palace, Aoyama, Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHirohito, the 124th Emperor of Japan, ascended to the Chrysanthemum Throne in 1926 following the death of his father, Emperor Taishō. Having served as regent from 1921, the young prince was confronted with several disasters and crises, including the Great Kantō Earthquake and an assassination attempt, both in 1923.\n\n$JAP_hirohito_defeat_desc_body$ While Hirohito continues to remain the nominal head of state and the Emperor of the Japanese people, only time will tell whether or not this arrangement is permanent.§!
§YBorn:§! §LApril 29th, 1901, in Tōgū Palace, Aoyama, Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHirohito, the 124th Emperor of Japan, ascended to the Chrysanthemum Throne in 1926 following the death of his father, Emperor Taishō. Having served as regent from 1921, the young prince was confronted with several disasters and crises, including the Great Kantō Earthquake and an assassination attempt, both in 1923.\n\n$JAP_hirohito_defeat_desc_body$ With the creation of a new Japanese state it was decided for good that the emperor's role should be to act as the symbol of the Japanese state and the unity of the Japanese people without even nominal political powers.§!
Miyazaki Ryusuke
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 2nd, 1892, in Arao Village, Tamana District, Kumamoto Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe eldest son of Miyazaki Toten, a Japanese political activist and supporter of Chinese revolutionary Sun Yat-sen, the younger Miyazaki entered the Tokyo Imperial University School of Law in 1916 where he got his own start in politics promoting Taisho democracy with the Shinjinkai (New Members Association) along with Akamatsu Katsumaro and Ishiwata Haruo and also met Yoshino Sakuza. Ryusuke eloped with Yanagiwara Byakuren, a well-known poet and wife of a coal mining magnate, triggering a major scandal.\n\nAfterwards, he worked as a lawyer under Katayama Satoshi and Hoshijima Jiro but became ill with tuberculosis. After spending a few years recovering, he founded the Independent Labor Association with Yoshino Sakuzo and Abe Isoo in 1926 and then became a central committee member of the Social Democratic Party. He became a minor politician, running unsuccessfully for political office and associating with other Pan-Asian politicians - even taking a right-wing turn to ally with Nakano Seigo.\n\nHe would mostly be forgotten by history, if it was not for his role as an intermediary between the Japanese government and the ascendant Kuomintang. Sent by the civilian government as a secret emissary to try and defuse tensions with the party-state, he was detained by the displeased Japanese military before he could leave Japan. However, with the KMT accomplishing the impossible and landing in Japan itself, Ryusuke was sent as part of a last ditch negotiating team and ultimately selected by Chinese occupation authorities to oversee Japan's transition into a sister republic.§!
Terauchi Hisaichi
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 8th, 1879, in Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Hata Shunroku
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 26th, 1879, in Fukushima Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Ishiwara Kanji
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 18th, 1889, in Amarume, Yamagata Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Higashikuni Naruhiko
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 3rd, 1887, in Kyōto, Kyōto Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Itagaki Seishirō
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1885, in Morioka, Iwate Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Adachi Hatazō
§YBorn:§! §LJune 17th, 1890, in Ishikawa Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Araki Sadao
§YBorn:§! §LMay 26th, 1877, in Komae, Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Koiso Kuniaki
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 22nd, 1880, in Utsunomiya, Tochigi Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Kan'in Haruhito
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 3rd, 1902, in Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Yamashita Tomoyuki
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1885, in Ōtoyo, Kōchi Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Mutō Akira
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1892, in Hakusui, Kumamoto Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Tanaka Shizuichi
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 1st, 1887, in Tatsuno, Hyōgo Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Okamura Yasuji
A 1904 graduate of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy, Okamura Yasuji was one of the \
§YBorn:§! §LMay 15th, 1884, in Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$JAP_okamura_yasuji_bio$§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 15th, 1884, in Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$JAP_okamura_yasuji_bio$\n\nIn the years since, the Chinese have managed to turn the tables on the seemingly dominant Japan. In an ironic twist of fate, the Chinese have selected General Okamura to head their occupation government, hoping the small olive branch will placate the resentful Japanese Army.§!
Nishio Toshizō
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 31st, 1881, in Tottori Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Andō Rikichi
§YBorn:§! §LApril 3rd, 1884, in Miyagi Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Sakai Takashi
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 18th, 1887, in Kamo District, Hiroshima Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Doihara Kenji
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 8th, 1883, in Okayama Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Ueda Kenkichi
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 8th, 1875, in Ōsaka, Ōsaka Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Honjō Shigeru
§YBorn:§! §LMay 10th, 1876, in Hyōgo Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Umezu Yoshijirō
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 4th, 1882, in Nakatsu, Ōita Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Yamada Otozō
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 6th, 1881, in Nagano Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Matsui Iwane
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 27th, 1878, in Nagoya, Aichi Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Fujie Keisuke
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1885, in Hyōgo Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Higuchi Kiichirō
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 20th, 1888, in Yura, Awaji Island, Hyōgo Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Homma Masaharu
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 27th, 1887, in Sado Island, Niigata Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Hyakutake Harukichi
§YBorn:§! §LMay 25th, 1888, in Saga Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Iimura Jō
§YBorn:§! §LMay 20th, 1888, in Ibaraki Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Imamura Hitoshi
§YBorn:§! §LJune 28th, 1886, in Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Yamamoto Isoroku
§YBorn:§! §LApril 4th, 1884, in Nagaoka, Niigata Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Koga Mineichi
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1885, in Arita, Saga Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Hasegawa Kiyoshi
§YBorn:§! §LMay 7th, 1883, in Asuwa, Fukui Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Inoue Shigeyoshi
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 9th, 1889, in Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Kondō Nobutake
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1886, in Ōsaka, Ōsaka Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Takagi Takeo
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 25th, 1892, in Iwaki, Fukushima Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Toyoda Soemu
§YBorn:§! §LMay 22nd, 1885, in Kitsuki, Ōita Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Ozawa Jisaburō
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 2nd, 1886, in Koyu District, Miyazaki Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Yoshida Zengo
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 14th, 1885, in Saga Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Daigo Tadashige
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1891, in Kōjimachi, Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Hyakutake Gengo
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 28th, 1882, in Saga Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Ōkawa Shūmei
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 6th, 1886, in Sakata, Yamagata Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Nakano Seigō
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 12th, 1886, in Fukuoka, Fukuoka Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Hashimoto Kingorō
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 19th, 1890, in Okayama, Okayama Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Suetsugu Nobumasa
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1880, in Yamaguchi Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Gotō Fumio
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1884, in Ōita Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Minobe Tatsukichi
§YBorn:§! §LMay 7th, 1873, in Takasago, Hyōgo Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Kijūrō Shidehara
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 13th, 1872, in Sakai, Sakai Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Ozaki Yukio
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 24th, 1858, in Matano, Sagami Province, Empire of Japan§!
Matsuoka Yōsuke
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 4th, 1880, in Kumage, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Fujiwara Ginjirō
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 25th, 1869, in Shinano Province, Empire of Japan§!
Godō Takuo
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1877, in Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Kido Kōichi
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 18th, 1889, in Akasaka, Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Ikeda Shigeaki
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 15th, 1867, in Yonezawa Domain, Dewa Province, Empire of Japan§!
Imperial Diet
§YFounded:§! §LNovember 29th, 1890, in Chiyoda, Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
National Diet
Reorganised National Diet
§YFounded:§! §Lin Chiyoda, Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Inukai Tsuyoshi
§YBorn:§! §LJune 4th, 1855, in Bizen Province, Empire of Japan§!
Suzuki Kisaburō
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 6th, 1867, in Musashi Province, Empire of Japan§!
Mizuno Rentarō
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 3rd, 1868, in Edo, Empire of Japan§!
Hamaguchi Osachi
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1870, in Nagaoka District, Tosa Province, Empire of Japan§!
Ugaki Kazushige
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 9th, 1868, in Seto, Bizen Province, Empire of Japan§!
Machida Chūji
§YBorn:§! §LMay 17th, 1863, in Dewa Province, Empire of Japan§!
Adachi Kenzō
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 20th, 1864, in Higo Province, Empire of Japan§!
Maeda Yonezō
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1882, in Wakayama Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Hatoyama Ichirō
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1883, in Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Yoshizawa Kenkichi
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 24th, 1874, in Jōetsu, Niigata Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Abe Isoo
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 4th, 1865, in Chikuzen Province, Empire of Japan§!
Hiranuma Kiichirō
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 28th, 1867, in Tsuyama, Mimasaka Province, Empire of Japan§!
Konoe Fumimarō
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 12th, 1891, in Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Kuhara Fusanosuke
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 12th, 1869, in Hagi, Nagato Province, Empire of Japan§!
Hayashi Senjūrō
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 23rd, 1876, in Kanazawa, Ishikawa Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Nagata Tetsuzan
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 14th, 1884, in Suwa, Nagano Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Ugaki Matome
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 15th, 1890, in Okayama, Okayama Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Sugawara Michio
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 28th, 1888, in Minamitakaki, Nagasaki Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Kan'in Kotohito
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 10th, 1865, in Kyōto, Empire of Japan§!
Sugiyama Hajime
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1880, in Kokura, Fukuoka Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Nishi Yoshikazu
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1878, in Fukushima Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Fushimi Hiroyasu
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 16th, 1875, in Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Nagano Osami
§YBorn:§! §LJune 15th, 1880, in Kōchi, Kōchi Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Shimada Shigetarō
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1883, in Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Tsukahara Nishizō
§YBorn:§! §LApril 3rd, 1887, in Fukui Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Teramoto Kumaichi
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1889, in Wakayama Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Yamaguchi Tamon
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 17th, 1892, in Koishikawa, Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Nagumo Chūichi
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 25th, 1887, in Yonezawa, Yamagata Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Obata Toshirō
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 19th, 1885, in Kōchi Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Tokugawa Yoshitoshi
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 24th, 1884, in Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Tomio Hara
Hideo Itokawa
Jirō Horikoshi
Keiji Fukuda
Shin'ichirō Tomonaga
Taneki Hisamura
Yōji Itō
Yoshio Nishina
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 6th, 1890, in Satoshō, Okayama Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Nosaka Sanzō
The son of a prosperous Japanese merchant, Nosaka was raised in a bourgeois environment and attended Keio University. It was at his time in Keio, that Nosaka became interested in the international labour movement, an interest that was supported by one of his professors, Kiichi Horie. He then completed a study on a moderate labour organisation known as the \
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 30th, 1892, in Hagi, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$JAP_nosaka_sanzo_desc_body$, helping facilitate the re-education of captured Japanese POWs during the Second-Sino Japanese War. It is with this task, that he has earned the KMT's trust in leading the new Japanese Socialist Republic towards a new dawn along with their Chinese sister Republic.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 30th, 1892, in Hagi, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$JAP_nosaka_sanzo_desc_body$. Welcoming any aid, the Central Committee has allowed him to serve the Chinese National Revolutionary Army as a general. Although separated from his homeland in the service of another nation, Nosaka hopes to one day return to Japan and bring about a Japanese Socialist Revolution with himself at its helm.§!\n\n§YNotes: Hoping only to aid the Chinese National Revolution, Nosaka Sanzō has kept out of the political infighting within the KMT and is seen as a neutral figure.§!
Yamakawa Hitoshi
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 20th, 1880, in Kurashiki, Okayama Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Yamakawa Kikue
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 3rd, 1890, in Kouji, Tōkyō Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Ōsugi Sakae
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 17th, 1885, in Marugame, Kagawa Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Ishikawa Sanshirō
§YBorn:§! §LMay 23rd, 1876, in Sannodo, Saitama Prefecture, Empire of Japan§!
Samurai Lineage
§LThis man hails from proud lineage of Samurai and remains true to the old traditions and loyalties.§!
Emperor in Defeat
Symbol of Japan
§L\
Sesshō
§LAfter Hirohito's forced abdication, Prince Takamatasu was named to act on behalf of Crown Prince Akihito until the latter becomes of age.§!
