SCF
Serbest Cumhuriyet Fırkası (Free Republican Party)
MAF
Misak-ı Avam Fırkası (Pact of Commons Party)
TSP
Türkiye Sendikalist Partisi (Turkisk Syndicalist Party)
HKP
Halkın Kurtuluş Partisi (People's Liberation Party)
SDP
Sosyal Demokrat Partisi (Social Democratic Party)
SCP
Serbest Cumhuriyet Partisi (Free Republican Party)
DP
Demokrat Partisi (Democratic Party)
MP
Millet Partisi (Nation Party)
THF
Türkiye Halk Fırkası (Turkish People's Party)
THF (Militarist)
Türkiye Halk Fırkası - Ordu Kolu (Turkish People's Party - Militarists)
THF (Kadrocu)
Türkiye Halk Fırkası - Kadroist Kol (Turkish People's Party - Kadroists)
Focus Tree of the Provisional Government
Fevzi's Focus Tree
OHF Focus Tree
The Salvation Cabinet
The Salvation Cabinet was formed by Sultan Ömer Faruk after he was brought to power by his loyal friends. This alliance is supposed to preserve democracy despite the defeat and save the Empire from the ambitions of the OHF.
Handle the OHF Leadership
The OHF has its predominant figures leading the country. Men like İsmet Reşit and Fevzi Çakmak still follow the Kemalist ideals and try to continue the reforms implemented by Mustafa Kemal Gelibolu. By arresting them for treason and endangering the nation, we can stop them before they have time to react.
Ban the OHF
The OHF is no more, its leaders are in prison and the government has stated its intention to reverse the reforms applied by Mustafa Kemal. It's now time to officially disband the party. Some deputies will be able to join the new and existing parties, while others have already fled.
Purge Internal Military Factions
When Fevzi Çakmak and the other generals were arrested, many soldiers and NCOs rebelled and thus showed their allegiance to the OHF. The influence of the party on the army was obvious, but we didn't know it was capable of challenging our Coup. We need to...remove...everyone who puts loyalty to a party over loyalty to the army.
Investigate Kemalist Corruption
The political strategy of the OHF was based on the installation of officials loyal to the party throughout Turkey and the Empire in order to better centralise these regions. It is time to purge the administration of any who have ties to the OHF.
Repeal the Unification Decree
The Unification and Co-education decree, one of the greatest reforms taken by Mustafa Kemal, is seen by many conservatives in our coalition as an insult to Islam itself, whilst many liberals see in its centralist approach to education an attack on the Millet system and the initiative of private individuals. Let us do away with it.
Reestablish Democratic Plurality
The Empire had become an OHF-led dictatorship since the assassination attempts on Mustafa Kemal Gelibolu and the opening of the courts. However, despite the fact that the assembly is still dissolved, we must allow the parties to meet and express themselves freely again.
Reestablish the Millet System
The Millet System allowed each faith to possess a certain amount of autonomy and to not be discriminated against by the predominantly Muslim population. This secured them certain privileges in the eyes of the law. Although this system is not strictly egalitarian from the popular point of view, it is quite respectful of individual beliefs.
Revert Laws on Secularism
The OHF crafted numerous laws on secularism. Some view these laws as attacks on Islam, the Caliph and the traditional state religion, while others see them as violent blows against religious institutions and Sufist organisations. It is time to roll back these reforms in order to secure the support of the traditionalists.
Fatin Rüştü Economic Plan
Fatin Rüştü Zorlu is a young diplomat and a specialist in foreign relations and global liberalism. He studied in Germany, travelled extensively and was particularly active during the Black Monday financial crisis. His youth is synonymous with modernity and he is a supporter, along with some other economists, of a recovery plan centred on the use of foreign capital.
Attracting Investors
One of the first steps in our recovery plan is to make Turkey attractive to foreign capital again. The plan is to give favourable incentives, reconnect with major foreign markets and reopen our country to foreign investment.
Call Turkish Companies Home
Many Turkish companies had settled in the Middle East, but now they are endangered by the Arab powers and are reluctant to return to their homeland. Let's offer them subsidies in order to make them decide once and for all where they belong.
Take Out a Reconstruction Loan
In order for our economy to fully recover, we will have to take out an expensive loan from a big German or Canadian bank, which will help us revive the immobilised sectors and rebuild the national economy.
Reorganise National Infrastructure
The imperial infrastructure was increasingly designed to unite Anatolia and the Middle East in order to reduce inequality and strengthen national sentiment. However, with our defeat, we can now reorganise our infrastructure to make it more effective within our new borders.
An Anatolian Economy
Finally, the recovery is done and the economy of the empire refocused on Anatolia. This no longer makes us look like a vast empire crumbling under debt and on a precarious path but like a modern and united nation instead.
Restoring the Meclis-i Mebûsan
Finally, with the elimination of the OHF as a political force, the strengthening of the coalition, the confidence granted by the different parties and economic recovery on the way, we can restore the Meclis-i Mebûsan and show our people true democracy.
Fahrettin Türkkan has restored order.
A New Sultan
Without a descendant of Osman I leading our nation into its future, the Empire is but a shadow of itself, and both the people and our politicians are well aware of this. Cries for the return of the house of Osmanoglu are growing ever louder, and it seems that it is about time for the provisional government to move on to its final task: crowning a new Sultan and restoring the monarchy to the throne.
A Free Economy
Now that the Empire is limited to Anatolia, we are separated from a good part of our less developed lands. Perhaps we can bring in the laws of the free market and competition in order to open the Empire to the world market and allow the Turkish people to give the best of themselves.
Reorganise Ottoman Military
The Ottoman army is totally destroyed morally. Even though the Weltkrieg was a victory, our army has been on the verge of collapse since the beginning of the century. Many generals see our armed forces as the greatest weakness of the nation, proven by their inability to resist the Arab rebels. We must reorganise them from top to bottom.
Liberal Majority
The liberal and progressive wing of the OSF coalition, led by Prince Sabahaddin and his democratic ally Kâzım Karabekir, is, unlike the conservatives, not opposed to Kemal's reforms. According to them, the empire needs a progressive reorientation, but should remain evolutionary and democratic in nature. They advocate the institution of reforms such as women's suffrage and public schools.
Promote Political Sociology
Prince Sabahaddin is a follower of the ideas of Émile Durkheim. Durkheim is the founder of sociology, the study of people, their relationships and society. The prince wished to import this 'science' into the Empire in order to participate in the education of the masses and improve the understanding of Ottoman society.
Pursue the Adoption of the Swiss Civil Code
The Swiss civil code was a possibility that the OHF government wanted to adopt because of its modern and secular character. For the progressists it is the perfect opportunity to establish more equality in the empire, especially regarding the Christian minorities.
Establish Universal Suffrage
Universal suffrage is one of the main objectives of the great modern democracies. After having passed from the censal suffrage to the universal male suffrage, many think it's about time to extend it to the whole adult population. Knowing that many traditionalists are part of the coalition, this reform could draw the wrath of conservative parties but also the merits of progressives and former members of the OHF.
Equality Before the Law
Although the Ottoman constitution dictates the equality before the law for all Ottoman groups, regardless of religion or ethnicity, the empire remains heavily biased towards its Muslim majority, whose rights are better protected and catered to in all sections of the Ottoman bureaucracy. The Mecelle, based on the Sharia, stands as a key pillar within this and will need strong revision if true equality is to be achieved.
Financial Assistance for Anatolian Farmers
With the recent crises and wars, many crops were lost or destroyed and many farmers forced to take the road to flee from the advancing fronts. We should not forget that these peasants were one of Karabekir's main supporters during the election, making it our duty to assist them and to restore the agricultural economy of our country to its pre-war state.
Promote Public Schools
Public schools are one of the reforms envisioned in what OHF called the Unification and Co-education reform. However, this act would be virtuous in the country, allowing to get closer to science without necessarily including religion in the school curriculum of the Turkish youth. Thus, students of different religions could be on the school benches on an equal footing.
Redistribute State Property
Although the ideas of private land ownership were introduced into the Ottoman Empire during the 19th century and land redistribution was performed, large parts of the empire still remain either state or direct royal property. This absence of private land tenure decreases production, which brings despotism since there is no cause for people to work. As the liberals believe that humanity needs freedom to succeed, we must open these lands to private individuals.
Politicisation of the Masses
It is not enough to proclaim democracy for the country to be one! Kâzım Karabekir asserts that, according to him, democracy belongs only to the elites who, with a minimum of political knowledge, go to the polls while the popular and illiterate classes are disinterested. In order to remedy this, it is necessary to launch vast campaigns with the intention of training people for the elections, and to explain them the reforms and ideas of the various parties.
Empower the Meclis-i Mebûsan
The Meclis-i Mebûsan or Ottoman Assembly is the very organ of democracy but has been overly manipulated during the İTC and OHF governments. It is now responsible for leading the Turkish people to great heights, and as such should possess immutable power over the government and the Sultan.
Conservative Majority
The conservative wing of the OSF is composed of opponents of the OHF regime. Its leaders are from the Mohammedan Union, however they have sworn to defend democracy, and with the system of minimum deputies established by the provisional government, no party can take an absolute majority against the other two. Refet Bele, the party's spiritual leader, cheered the victory.
Restore Koranic Schools
Religious schools made private by the OHF should be reopened. Indeed, the Ottoman people, especially the illiterate population, tend to value religion as one of the highest goods. We can therefore deduce that they will have more confidence in sending their children to school despite the fact that some liberals consider such education to be superstitious.
Restore the Property of the Sufi Orders
Sufist orders such as the Bektashis or the Mevlevis, known for their whirling dervishes, are ancestral orders that date back to the earliest traces of Islam in Anatolia. These orders, suppressed and mistreated by the OHF government, should be compensated for this period of persecution. Furthermore, the peaceful monasteries that were taken away from them must be returned.
Unite Tradition and Democracy
Islam is a learned religion. For many centuries, Arab and Turkish Muslim scholars were at the forefront of scientific progress. We must now seek to link Islam and democracy, which seems to be an easy task. To do this, some traditional codes need to evolve to fit modern times.
Use the Tarikats
The Tarikats are one of the few organised Muslim institutions in the empire, kept in the background during the authoritarian periods. They were notably a vehicle for vertical social mobility, in fact everyone, from a simple peasant to the sultan himself, could be a member of a Tarikat. In addition, they used educational and social roles. By installing them in the provinces, we can use them for political and social purposes.
Redistribute the Zakat
The Sultan is the head of state and of religion. The charity of Zakât al Maal, which is paid annually by Muslims, must be returned to the state. Thereafter, the state will form redistribution colleges, that will work in collaboration with imams and muftis in order to distribute the wealth in the best possible way in accordance with the Islamic virtues.
Imperial Legacy
Now that the wave of authoritarian and reformist extremes has passed, we can finally assure that the empire will survive the centuries to come and will continue to evolve at its own pace accompanied by Islam, the religion of progress. For that, we have to thank our Sultan and his evolutionary ideals.
Empower the Sultan
Sultan Ömer has nothing in common with the previous sultans of the empire. He is not authoritarian like Abdülmecid II, nor is he puppet or defeated like his four predecessors. He is the image of a Turkish Sultan like those who ruled the Empire in times immemorial. Having restored democracy and having saved the empire from a catastrophic situation, the charismatic Sultan must have a role in politics and government that allows him to govern state and religion in harmony.
Repeal the National Protection Law
Autarky was one of the pillars of the OHF's economic policy, but it did not help the empire to develop sufficiently by isolating it. We must remove all traces of this protectionism in order to better open the economy to the world.
Protect Private Properties
With the nationalisations carried out by the state in recent decades and the flight of foreign investors during the Weltkrieg, the place of private property seems to be questioned. Let's reassure the investors by proving the stability of the Anatolian economy and by signing assurances on their investments. Even the smallest peasant should be assured that his business will remain his own.
Develop the Major Trade Cities
Globalisation is now by sea, and Anatolia is ideally situated in the Mediterranean Sea, at the crossroads between the Black Sea, the Orient and Europe. Many goods and resources from Asia pass through our ports. Moreover, with the seizure of the Suez Canal by the Egyptians, we must seek to compete with them. This measure could bring us significantly closer to France.
Prioritise Foreign Investments
Some foreign companies seek to relocate or outsource to Anatolia because of the price of our labour or our climate. We can use these comparative advantages to develop and enrich our economy.
The [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Stock Exchange
Stock exchanges seem to be the new factor of exchange between companies and individuals. Despite their failures in the US and during Black Monday, we need to create an intermediary in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to facilitate the exchange between Europe and Asia.
Anatolian Railway Project
Anatolia's rail lines, although improved since the Weltkrieg, are still quite precarious compared to Europe and neighbouring countries. In order to develop them, we need to have recourse to foreign investors, just like we did in the 19th century.
An Industrial Loan
We need to improve our civil industry to remain in the global market. This would improve both the living conditions of our citizens and our economy in general. For this purpose, Fatin Rüştü Zorlu has proposed to issue a loan in a large European bank to finance our work.
Reinvigorate Turkish Coffee Culture
Turkish coffee culture is internationally recognised, and our history is linked to it. We could develop our 'soft power' by using the image of traditional coffee while pushing it to a luxury product needed for European trade fairs. Some companies could be used as a basis for this development.
World-Class Coffee Exports
Our endeavours to explore new markets and to bring the entire world the delight that is Turkish coffee have been successful thus far, and the demand for this traditional beverage is continuously increasing. This is something we should capitalise on by increasing the quantity and quality of our coffee production and by fostering the growth of Turkish coffee companies.
Military-Industrial Contracts
With war, military companies are the ones who get richer. In addition, the powers that be are constantly looking for contracts to develop other countries in exchange for money during this war. We need to redevelop our war industry to prepare for the next war.
Increase Military Budget
Since the start of the growth period, we can afford to increase the military budget. We will need this budget to recover and modernise the army, be it for defensive purposes or for reconquest.
Create a Modern Turkish Fleet
To defend our trade and intimidate opponents we must invest in warships. The largest ships have proven to be the most effective against regional powers such as Egypt or Syria, which only possess ridiculous flotillas.
Learn From Our Failure
The war against the Cairo Pact was a failure, but some Turks even consider the Weltkrieg a failure. Despite some iconic victories at Çanakkale, Kut and Maraş, our troops were disorganised, and without German and Austrian help we would not have survived. Because we didn't learn from our mistakes, the empire was devastated by the Arabs. From now on, we must learn from our defeats to ensure victory.
Modernise Soldier Equipment
Equipment is the key to our army and the engine of our soldiers. The British General Allenby said \
Develop the Berlin-Basra Railway
The Orient Express was built at the beginning of the 20th century. Its purpose was to link Paris, Vienna and other major European capitals to Constantinople. However, with the birth of the French Commune and German hegemony, the line now mainly connects Berlin to [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName].
Cutting the Euphrates Basin
The Euphrates River has its sources in our land. There are no international regulations regarding the exploitation of a river, and we are emerging from an armed conflict with Arab countries. By building and using the hydroelectric power of this river on a massive scale, we could both develop the region enormously and undermine the cultures of our enemies in the Middle East.
Reform the Ottoman Gendarmerie
The Ottoman Gendarmerie was reformed in 1913 by the İTC to combat bandits crossing Anatolia, making it a military police force. However, since then, it has evolved little to remain a force for the protection of the countryside. We need to improve and expand the gendarmerie so that it can once again be used to its full potential and trained to respect the laws.
An Army Back on the World Stage
The Ottoman army is finally ready to play an international role again. After being reorganised and modernised, it will be able to face our enemies and defend the homeland for good. The Arab bandits should beware.
The Lion of the Desert
Omer Fahrettin, defender of Medina, the Lion of the Desert, and now the Saviour of the Nation, has expressed his desire to remain in government as an advisor, helping us to resolve the most important issues and fight against radical influence. We shouldn't and can't refuse the offer of a true patriot, which Fahrettin definitely is.
The OHF Revolution
After having succeeded in gathering a good number of loyal officers, Mustafa Kemal Gelibolu overthrew the liberal government responsible for the defeat, which was equally hated by him and the army. Now the Gazi can finally implement his long overdue reforms to save the Empire without fear of opposition.
Ban Political Parties
In order to achieve unopposed reform of the Empire, we need to take a temporary but authoritarian measure. By banishing the political parties responsible our defeat at the hands of the Cairo Pact, we ensure that our reforms will have a free hand.
Suspend the Assembly
The assembly caused the fall of our government in 1936, so we must suspend it until a stable regime is established. Mustafa Kemal Gelibolu's ambitions are to establish a democracy, so we can trust him in his aspirations.
Eliminate the Resistance
Many remnants of decentralist government remain in the Anatolian hinterland. Despite our almost perfect control of the cities thanks to the support of the local garrisons, many administrations and institutions remain in liberal hands. We must go through the motions of eliminating the resistance once and for all.
Nationalise Ottoman Banks
Many of our national banks are owned by foreign capital, which puts them in subjective situations regarding our investment requests for projects that would be contrary to foreign economic interests. By buying back large shares or simply by pushing them to withdraw their capital, our banks will truly serve the Empire and not foreigners.
Protect the National Economy
We can deal with the crisis that has hit our country in defeat by protecting it from foreign capital and refocusing the Turkish economy on itself. By launching an austerity policy to control our inflation, we can turn the economy around. For this, we will increase the tax pressure on foreign capital and raise the interest rates of our banks.
New Laws on Foreign Economy
We need to put in place new foreign trade laws to protect our domestic economy even more. To this end, we will seek to protect our local producers by law against the overwhelming competition from the international market.
Lift the State of Emergency
Now that the country seems to have returned to calm and the subversive elements have been eliminated, we can reestablish the assembly with some changes to the voting system for the election of deputies and their importance in preventing legislation from being passed.
Centralise Anatolian Vilayets
We can finally centralise the vilayets by installing more loyal administrators and by increasing the power of the central government. This will allow us to better push through our future reforms.
Begin a Five-Year Plan
We need to move from a market-based to a planning-based economic policy. First of all, the state must decide on the economic plan that will define the next five years. The first objective of this five-year plan should be to restore the Turkish economy so that it will able to face future events.
Kemal's Will
The man who saved Anatolia, our pasha, is dead. It is the duty of Ismet Resit, Kemal's dearest friend, to honour his will. The government will now work to build a new, modern nation, inspired by the will of the Gazi. However, the opposition is strong and the empire in disarray. Will Ismet, the new strong man of the country, be able to handle the task that is before him?
§CThe future of the nation rests in the hands of Ismet, depending on whether he follows in the footsteps of Kemal Gelibolu and his will.§!
An Economic Revolution
To follow the Kemal's ideals, his friend Ismet decided to continue the idea of the five-year plan by adding a slight civil touch, which according to him is essential. Although some generals would have preferred the plan to focus on the reconstruction of the military industry, Ismet follows the logic of peace desired by the Gazi.
Kemalist Principles
Here are the six principles, as they were defined by Mustafa Kemal: §aRepublicanism§!, the creation of a democratic republic. §aNationalism§!, safeguarding the integrity of the nation. §aPopulism§!, the ownership of sovereignty and governance by the people. §aRevolutionism§!, the importance of continuous progress towards civilisation. §aSecularism§!, 'emancipation from the dungeon of thought'. Finally, §aStatism§!, the predominance of the state in the economy.
§CIf our future reforms follow these principles to the letter, we will have honoured the will of the Gazi.§!
Separation of State and Church
The first mandatory step of the Kemalist reforms was the separation of church and state. This idea dates back to the Enlightenment and has been implemented in a few states such as France. This principle of secularism in law establishes the religious neutrality of the state. In the Ottoman Empire, this issue was all the more delicate, as the head of state was also the head of Islam.
The Sultanate and the Republic
The most important point in Kemal's will is the notion of \
Personality Cult
It is time to give Ismet Reşit a real place. Although he was not the initiator of the Kemalist reforms, he is the one who is responsible for implementing them. As the successor of the Gazi, he is himself a general with great talent and a determined politician. The 'Second Man' of the nation intends to lead it through the century.
Question of Ostentatious Signs
A Turk is recognisable to any European. Our religion leads us to wear recognisable signs, the fez or turban for men and the hijab or burqa for women. However, these uncomfortable clothes should no longer be an obligation. Let men wear hats to protect themselves from the sun or simply to look like modern men, and let women free their hair and undress to avoid the imposition of a suffocating veil. But are the people and the institutions ready for this reform?
Protectionism
Rather than moving towards simple autarky, let's leave a minimal place for the market and for the most necessary commodities. For this, we can introduce standards and quotas on all imports and taxes on products that are too competitive for our local producers.
Tariffs on Foreign Goods
Finally, we can establish a permanent reform of taxes on foreign products. In addition, foreign companies that want to buy Turkish products will have to pay a fee. With a smaller nation we need to conserve resources.
Undermine Free Trade
Still in a protectionist logic, it is time for the nation and its companies to focus on themselves and not on the lure of world trade. For this, the implementation of laws targeting our producers will be essential.
Nationalisation Dilemma
The question of our economic inclination has long been discussed and Kemal did not elaborate on the subject. An important part of the party thinks that if the Gazi wanted the establishment of a democratic republic based on European principles then this republic would have to accept to remain in a liberal economic mode. However, a minority wing of the OHF party called 'Kadro' believes that it is necessary to nationalise most of the economy for the nation's safety.
Classless Society
The Kadroist party took power. During the nationalisation issue, the party voted to nationalise the majority of goods and means of production useful to the state. Following the party crisis, most of the deputies took refuge in the Kadroist wing. Mehmet Recep Peker, an extremist close to Kemal, declared Turkish society to be free of social struggle and called for the union of the 'Classless society'.
Turkish State Railways
Kemal was particularly fond of certain tools such as the telegraph or the train. For him, the latter made it possible to improve not only physical mobility in the country but also intellectual mobility by allowing the dissemination of ideas and the improvement of living conditions.
Turkish Man Myth
The Kadro paper, in its desire to unify the Turkish people, sometimes unaware of their unity, created a model Turkish man. Some people think they mean Mustafa Kemal or even Mehmet Recep Peker. In any case, their notion of the Turkish man is by definition the physical power for work and war but also the intellectual power, will and determination of the Turkish people.
Turkish Solidarism
The idea of Turkish solidarism is said to come from the sociology of Émile Durkheim and his French solidarism. Regardless of its origin, it consists of the social accountability of each individual. A child is indebted to all his peers for what they have given him, be that education, values or knowledge. Thus, the Kadro movement bases its interpretation of society from a Marxist-Materialist point of view on the very principle of human relationships in order to analyse history.
Urban Rural Equality
Speaking of a classless society in reality, the only structural difference in the Turkish population is where they live, which greatly affects their aspirations, income and living conditions. They separate the urban and rural class, the latter being greatly divided. However, they call for the establishment of reforms to improve life in the countryside and achieve equality between these two populations.
Social Nationalism
The social nationalism theorised by Aydemir consists in the total elimination of all forms of class dictatorship, whether proletarian or bourgeois. The term social exemplifies the socio-economic reforms that the party must implement, connected to the word national, which symbolises the Turkish revolution of the nation and the nationally integrated economy.
Create a Central Bank
The Turkish central bank will make it possible to fix the interest rates of the banks and thus to regulate monetary creation but also to protect the state in the event of a crisis in the international markets. Thanks to the law of supply and demand and its control over the banks within our borders we will be able to reduce the high inflation rate in Turkey.
Subsidise Turkish Textile Companies
By offering to subsidise textile companies in the Constantinople and Bursa regions, we will improve our comparative advantages, which will in turn increase both our growth and exports. We are limiting foreign competition, but for this we need to improve our own production systems.
Waive the Ottoman Debts
Since the 19th century, the Empire has incurred a significant amount of debt, especially to European banks and institutions. Nevertheless, we are now a new nation with a new political system and soon a new identity, and it is out of the question that we pay for the mistakes of past Sultans, even if refusing to pay off this debt would degrade our image from an international point of view.
The Iraqi Question
Currently, we stand alone and isolated among the countries of the Middle East. While many of our neighbouring nations still hold a grudge against us, the newborn state of Iraq is different and has a relatively friendly attitude towards us, mainly because the region of Iraq was thoroughly developed and cared about by the Porte. Maybe we should try to find some new friends in the lands of Mesopotamia.
Revenge against the Greeks
Exploiting our moment of weakness, the Greek bastards have decided to invade the heart of our nation, arguing that it is rightful Greek territory. Now that we have regained some of our strength, we can send them an ultimatum: either they restore our control over the region, or they will be utterly destroyed by our military might. Hopefully they will be wise enough to realise the hopelessness of their situation.
The Status of Iskenderun
The region of Iskenderun has always been a melting pot of Arab and Turkish people, which was enough of a justification for Syria to take the region from us after our defeat in the Levant Crisis. However, seeing as there are still many Turks living in the area, this is something we simply cannot accept. It is time to undermine Syria's influence over the region and to remind the people living there of their allegiance to [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName].
A New National Army
The Ottoman army must be transformed into an army composed of Turks. While the army of the Ottoman Empire was composed of conscripts from all over the Empire, our new army should solely be composed of brave Turks. Moreover, our new army will no longer have to defend vast stretches of desert. Instead, it will be able to modernise itself and consider the offensive again.
Modern Soldiers
Modern Turkish soldiers have to adapt to the harsh conditions of today's mobile and world wars. The wars stretch on fronts from Siberia to the African deserts, but also use modern technologies such as tanks - the new steel monsters.
Extend Armoured Research Budget
We should create a new budget share in the army to develop research on armour. The new means of locomotion and destruction are often very expensive to produce. By improving our research drastically, we could reduce the production cost of our tanks.
Redirect our Naval Project
The navy is also a weapon that must be relied upon and developed in order to compensate for the loss of our ports in the Middle East. New shipyards based in Smyrna would allow us to design and construct modern vessels.
Status of the High Command
The question of the high command still remains unsolved. Indeed, ever since the complete takeover by the OHF, a significant number of members of the high command have become increasingly attached to politics. By creating a law on the status of the high command, by separating it from the government, and by preventing active militarymen from exercising a political career, we will hopefully be able to reduce our army's influence on our nation's political scene.
Learn from the Levant Crisis
Our defeat against the Cairo Pact was disastrous. We must learn from it, and prepare to take our revenge, not as the Ottoman Empire but as the Turkish people. Moreover, this learning will not only serve us against the Arabs but also help us defend our nation against other threats.
Prepare for the Next War
Now that our defeat is understood, we must focus on the success of our next campaigns. Especially sincem with diplomatic relations broken down all over Europe, it will be impossible for us to remain neutral without having to defend ourselves.
Our Future in the Skies
Air warfare is one of the engines of modern warfare, allowing us to gain information, cover battalions on the ground or bomb strategic points. We must prepare for our future in the skies.
Popular Sovereignty and Civic Independence
Civic independence or popular sovereignty is the confrontation between many centuries of Muslim and institutional traditions. This stage is marked in particular by the abolition of the Millet system and the end of the autonomies relating to the different religions as well as the hierarchy of the Ulema and the Sheikh al-Islam.
Unification and Co-education
The Unification and Co-education decree, one of the most emblematic decrees of the OHF government, consists first of all of the creation of a public education system, the restriction of religious schools that had become private, and above all the training of imams by the state in order to avoid extremist currents. Co-education or education for girls allowed the nation's women to have access to school.
The Turkish Civil Code
The Turkish civil code will be based on the Swiss civil code, the most modern of its time, according to a committee formed for the purpose. The main advances include the status of women in marriage and a total ban on polygamy, which shall no longer be practised. This will be the beginning of complete equality in Turkey.
Women's Rights
Women's rights must now extend to politics in order to achieve full equality in the nation. In addition, women's rights and feminist organisations must develop with the support of the government and the party. These can now be elected as well. However, male domestic dominance is not yet resolved.
Abolition of the Ottoman Titles
Ottoman titles must be abolished, or at least their importance and hierarchical connotations should be greatly reduced. These titles are only a reflection of a discriminatory and feudal system that we want to tear down.
A Caliphate Alone
The final question, the one that every government politician dreads: the abolition of the Caliphate. As Kemal wrote in black and white in the last line of his political testament: the Caliphate must be abolished. However, the measure is not established by a simple sentence. Many politicians would stop supporting the government if this step were to be taken. It would mark the closing of the Ottoman book.
Turkish Language Committee
The reform of the alphabet can finally be established. This question had been on the minds of many reformers since the Tanzimat era, but only Kemal appeared to be a real advocate. This would both modernise the nation and bring it together culturally. As the Latin alphabet has only about 30 characters, it would also improve literacy in the country.
Turkic History
We need to move away from the simple image of the Ottoman Empire linked to Islam. The Turkish nation was not born during the creation of the religion - it was born much earlier. The first Turkish nations date, according to many historians, from the nomadic people of the Asian plains, in Siberia or China, who came down to Europe through Central Asia and Russia. Let us adopt this glorious image of the Turkish warrior people.
Western Calendar and Units System
The European metric and time system is not the same as ours. We still give a lot of importance to the Muslim calendar and its metric system, despite the fact that many institutions have already disowned it.
State Secularism
State secularism is the absolute step that Kemal wanted to achieve, no longer simply separating religion and politics but above all applying secularism as a watchword for the whole nation. An end to religious obscurantism, as Kemal wrote: 'Superstition must go. Let them worship as they will, every man can follow his own conscience provided it does not interfere with sane reason or bid him act against the liberty of his fellow men.'
Retrospection on our Identity
Now that the reforms have been completed, we can take stock of the Turkish identity that has been achieved in such a short time, proving the power of our people. If the reforms have been followed, then Kemal's will promises a great future for our nation.
Seize Minorities Monopolies
Since the tanzimats and the Millet system, many minorities, especially Christians, had monopolies on many sectors, both industrial and banking. Thus, due to different laws and more lucrative ways of thinking, many companies have come under European influence because their owners were Christian. It is time to have them seized by the state.
Dissolve Western Influence
The development methods of European and Asian countries have diverged in the capitalist era. In order to achieve independence from the European powers, the foundations of liberalism must be abolished. The theoreticians of the Kadro paper believe, like Lenin, that from a fundamental point of view, the national political independence of each colonised country or almost each colonised country would allow the destruction of the capitalist-imperialist status quo.
Mix Western Populisms
The Kadro paper is a mixture of European populist and nationalist ideas immersed in a fundamental Marxist logic in the thoughts of the Kadroist authors. However, as Marxism did not allow them to grasp the concept of nation and nationalism, by rejecting racism and imperialism they were able to grant their nationalist principle to this quasi-Marxist ideology. They rejected the national-populist principle of eliminating class through corporatism.
Total Welfare State
The Kadro paper argued for the elimination of the private sector from decision-making. They believe that the state should be the one who is responsible for the larger part of industrial investment. Therefore, a planned 'etatiste' economic development would restrain the formation of social classes by consciously bringing about an intellectual 'cadre', which would stand independent from any social class and would consider the national interests as the highest priority.
Permanent Revolutionism
Permanent revolutionism, inspired by Lenin's ideas, consists of the belief that the first stage of the revolution was the taking of national political independence. In a second stage - economic independence. Finally, the party must be led by a leading cadre. A man who would dedicate his life to the revolution and the revolutionary party. This man is Mehmed Recep Peker.
Kadroism Movement
The main goals of the Kadro movement are to dissolve the influence of the western powers on the political and economic sphere of Turkey, yet to imitate their development with a sense of Turkish identity, and a classless society, where the state is responsible for production and distribution.
Create a Turkish Navy
Every modern state with a coastline needs a navy to protect its ports, trade routes and coastal cities. It is about time that we start to build one as well.
Who Rules the Air Rules on Earth
As Kemal understood during the Weltrkrieg, those with air superiority can rule the seas and the land. We should once again adopt this doctrine of fighting on two scales.
Recover from the Disaster
The defeat in the Levant Crisis has left our nation in a severely weakened state. We were forced to concede many of our former territories to the Arabs, countless lives were lost and the entire Middle East set ablaze. But now is not the time to look to the past and weep over what once was. Now is the time to look to the future, and to begin rebuilding what we still have.
Proclaim the State of Emergency
The Müşîr sees our nation threatened from every quarter, with our foreign enemies being numerous and even more lurking within our own borders. Until this crisis has abated, the state of emergency must be proclaimed in order to secure the power needed to safeguard the people.
Arrest Opposition Leaders
The parties that have not yet chosen to incorporate themselves into the OHF are beginning to become a major problem for the government. They do not like what has been done since the proclamation of the state of emergency, and are now openly protesting against Fevzi and his policies. In order for him to truly achieve his goals, they must either be tamed...or destroyed.
Deal with Protestors
Protests from the people have only grown louder since the coup. They are scared, and their fear is understandable. However, many are merely spurred on by a few seeking to destroy what should be rebuilt. Those agitating against the leadership of the OHF must be contained or else the Müşîr's hold over our nation will soon begin to crumble.
Bring Back Order
The measures thus far taken have finally brought about the silence the OHF deems necessary to rebuild the country, and with the loudest of the opposition voices removed, the Müşîr can now focus on restoring peace and quiet among the people.
Use the Army for Reconstruction
The army is useful for more than just removing enemies of the state by force. It can assist in the reconstruction of our country by paving roads, cleaning up debris and damage, and caring directly for our people. Using the army for such tasks could, furthermore, also drum up support for the regime and serve as a show of force for the new government.
Fight Unemployment
Unemployment is a pox upon the people. It prevents them from living their lives in dignity, and, most importantly, from paying their taxes. Thus, we shall create as many jobs as needed, until everybody works for the good of Turkey!
Strategic Reorganisation
Now that we have lost most of our underdeveloped provinces, we can refocus our development efforts on Anatolia. For this, we should start reorganising our railway and infrastructure system.
Elaborate a Plan
The recovery of our nation has to be a planned procedure if it is to go anywhere. To that end, the Müşîr has come up with a plan that focuses on centring our economic recovery around the military, and on nationalising anything and everything in order to ensure that our nation will never be defeated again.
Proclaim the Republic
The Republic of Turkey...it has a nice ring to it - a more progressive and modern one than the Ottoman Empire did. All hail the Republic of Turkey now and forever!
Controlled Democracy
Democracy at its best allows the greatest among us to guide our people to a bright future. However, at its worst it could be used to undermine the sovereignty and security of our nation. The Müşîr has now decided that a more...controlled form of democracy is needed for our nation to flourish, claiming that it is the only way to protect our people from parties whom he perceives as a detriment to our nation's future.
Müşîr Cult
In order to further increase the support for the new regime among the populace, the leadership of the THF is planning to launch a campaign aimed at turning the Müşîr into a national hero, one comparable to the great Osman I, who laid the foundations for a Turkish state way back in the 13th century. From now on, posters praising Fevzi and his duties shall decorate the streets of all Turkish cities.
Father of the People
'Mustafa Fevzi Çakmak shall guide our people!', the posters have proclaimed for the longest time now. However, portraying the Müşîr as a national hero does not seem to be enough for the THF anymore. The party wants to go a step further and is now propagating Fevzi as a father figure, one that takes care of the Turkish people as if they were his very own children.
Create Turkish Youth Organisations
The people have to be influenced at a younger age if they shall become valuable and obedient members of the new Turkish society. By establishing youth organisations in the army and the THF, the government will be able to interest the younger generations in politics and the military, whilst also limiting the influence of non-state organisations on the Turkish youth.
A Strong Leader
Müşîr Mustafa Fevzi Çakmak's success in saving our nation from the brink of collapse has made a large part of our population abandon their doubts of his rule and the somewhat excessive measures thus far taken to secure it. Though some still say he rules with an iron fist, none can deny that this fist has lots of strength and shrewdness behind it.
Empower the Gendarmerie
For the gendarmes to be able to uphold the new regime, they must be able to carry out their job without interference by the courts or the enemies of the people, as the Müşîr now calls those threatening his rule. Thus, our government is now working on passing the policies needed to ensure that the gendarmerie can operate with the utmost efficiency and crush all criminal elements within Turkey.
Party Supremacy
The THF has rebuilt our nation after the Empire's collapse and will now proceed to lead our reborn state into the future. All the other parties have by now been classified as superfluous at best, a danger to the existence of Turkey at worst. For our current government to survive, it is of paramount importance that the people understand this and believe in the good intentions of their leading party.
Stay Cordial Towards Religion
Modern secular politics have a...complicated relationship with faith. The two must not mix too much in order to keep a nation strong, yet at the same time many people expect the state to at least pay homage to the heavens. If we let religious folk be and refrain from doing anything rash such as getting rid of the Caliphate completely, then we can make sure that the faithful remain content.
Call for Legislative Elections
Although the THF claims to be the only party needed, it should still be ensured that those who want a multi-party system are satisfied. Though the Müşîr will likely want to remain in his current position, the people could nevertheless be allowed to at least elect appropriate candidates to the legislature.
Birth of a Modern State
The old Empire was backwards and weak, and almost led our people to their certain doom. However, now is the chance to learn from our past failures, and to forge a truly modern state that can thrive even in the chaos surrounding it.
Every Aspect of Society
To create a truly powerful and invincible state, everything must be taken into consideration and nothing may be overlooked. Every aspect of our society must be examined, reviewed, and, if need be, changed to fit the standards of our new modern nation.
Apply the Fevzi Plan
It is about time for the plans drafted by the Müşîr to come into effect. In order to realise the goals he set for our economy and for the nation as a whole, we must nationalise our industries, build up infrastructure, and raise an army ready to enter the world stage!
Forced Industrialisation
We need more. More jobs, more guns, more rails, more everything! The only reliable way of getting all this is through factories, which shall be built, even if some parts of the population still retain their sceptical attitude towards this new method of production.
Establish Modernity
The modern world is full of useful conveniences: better military equipment, improved means of communication and transportation, and an overabundance of other fancy new toys to play with. It is about time for our nation to get a hold of these innovations, as they will greatly contribute to the prosperity of Turkey and her people.
Electrification Programme
Electricity fuels the modern world in the same way coal once powered the rail lines of old. We must bring the power of lightning to every corner of the nation, so that all may benefit from its use!
The Turkish Army
The army is the centre of the Müşîr's visions and dreams for our nation, and he has promised to never allow it to fall behind any other army in the world in its quality, and to do everything in his power to ensure that it can defend us against even the most superior foes. Now, the time to act upon these promises has come.
Promote Military Academies
For the Müşîr, who spent much of his youth enrolled at a military academy, these institutions are the backbone of the army, and should be funded as such. After all, they play a major role in spotting and fostering young talents, and supporting these academies would, furthermore, also incentivise a greater share of our youth to sign up for the military.
The New Turkish Soldier
The soldiers of old have failed our country and have become a stain on the pride of our nation. It is time for a new model soldier, one that is both defiant and loyal, courageous and iron-willed, valiant and eager to fight. Every single soldier of our army shall resemble this model, protect our people, and show the world our might!
Oriental Vanguard
Our old alliances can still benefit our state, and it is no longer sensible to hold on to the grudges ignited by the signing of the Treaty of Hanover in 1920. Let us align with Berlin once more, and show the Germans how powerful our newly modernised state has become!
The Great National Road
Our nation's terrain makes it difficult to travel at times, and the quality of the roads is inconsistent. We should build a national road, one that will connect all of Turkey and allow for the rapid transport of goods and people.
A Pearl of Two Continents
Many have debated whether our nation is European or Asiatic - an utterly foolish question. We are both, and we benefit greatly from being the link between east and west, as shown by the significant amount of trade routes going through our lands.
The Great Military Project
Part of the weakness of the Empire stemmed from its ailing and poorly equipped military. Great strides to root out these weaknesses have already been made, and there is hope that our soldiers will soon again strike fear into the hearts of our enemies. However, until then, there is much more to be done.
Modernise the Army
Our army has shown its weaknesses in past wars, and if our nation is to survive the oncoming storm, our military must be able to face the challenges of modern-day combat. For this purpose, the Müşîr has orchestrated a series of reforms aimed at determining the status of our army and its specialisation, and at improving its overall capabilities.
A Revanchist Goal
When we were forced to sign the peace treaty following the Levant Crisis on what had been Turkish territories for centuries, our foes probably expected us to stay down and to abandon any expansionist ambitions in the near future. However, under the leadership of the Müşîr, the Turkish nation has been rebuilt, and now, the time for vengeance has come.
Economic Collapse
The country's economy has collapsed since our defeat in the war and the loss of most of our non-Turkish territories. Most of our infrastructure is either destroyed in the east or disorganised for the west of the country. In addition, a major part of our civilian economy has been amputated.
Fatin Rüştü Plan
Fatin Rüştü is a prominent advocate of the opening of the Empire to the world and in particular to external investments. Surrounded by a group of economists, he planned the recovery of the Empire through trade and foreign policy.
Reconstruction Loan
The reconstruction of the Empire must first begin by issuing a loan to foreign banks.
Small Investments
Gradually, the country is opening up more to foreign investment.
Ottoman Liberal Economy
Since the reign of the İTC, the policy of the Empire has been partly autarkic and protectionist. However, many of our liberal politicians believe that capitalism is the saving grace for our nation's economy.
Remaining OHF Reforms
The OHF of Mustafa Kemal Gelibolu took many social and political actions on the country. These reforms cannot be erased by a simple change of government.
Remaining OHF Influence
The ideas of Mustafa Kemal and his party have spread widely among politicians in our country. This influence cannot be erased by a simple change of government.
A Cabinet Alone
The Sultan's emergency cabinet is made up of democratic leaders, but many of their party members remain sceptical of this solution. In addition, the opposition is growing as a result of the OSF's authoritarian takeover.
Successful Coalition
After the restoration of the democratic parties and the abolition of the main controversial reforms of the OHF, many parties and deputies have chosen to join the coalition.
OHF Military Clique
Many of the OHF's politicians were military, including its leaders. Moreover the Kemalist government was rooted in the army. Many officers therefore remained loyal to them.
Military Reorganisation
The army is partially readapted to fit the new needs of the Empire and its territories.
New Ottoman Army
The Ottoman army is once again powerful and organised. Because of the modernisation of our armed forces, they no longer suffer under internal political divisions. In addition, they now have fewer large territories to defend. Now we can begin to plan our revenge.
Political Sociology
Prince Sabahaddin is a great enthusiast of sociology, especially of Émile Durkheim. His programme was based on Durkheim's theories, bringing an air of scientific freshness to the Empire.
Women's Rights
With democracy, we also brought universal suffrage to the empire, giving the women of our nation a chance to let their voices be heard.
Farmer Assistance
The Turkish farmers are a class of their own inside the country and make up a big part of the population. We need to support this population, which often has to live below the poverty and education line.
Politicisation of the People
For a democracy to be tangible and real, the people must be trained at the ballot box so that they can really express their voice without any external manipulation.
Koranic Schools
We use faith and Koranic schools to cultivate our people. It is in faith, in Islam and in the Caliphate that all knowledge lies.
Progressist Islam
Islam has been one of the most modern religions throughout history, and for many centuries the Arab and Turkish scholars were the best and most advanced. We will not lose this lead and will make religion a moral pillar of progress.
Zakat Donation
It is time to once again emphasise the value of generosity. This will be done through the Zakat, a tax used to redistribute the wealth of the people and to give something to those in need.
Fruit Exports
Our country has an ideal climate for certain categories of fruits, such as tomatoes, grapes and watermelons. Europeans are very fond of these exotic fruits, so we can gain a lot by exporting them.
Borsa [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
The creation of the [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Stock Exchange will not only increase and facilitate investment in Turkey, but will also serve as a junction point between Europe, Asia and Africa. The foreign capital will thus tend to circulate in our country.
Turkish Coffee Culture
Coffee was originally exported by the Ottoman Empire, and has by now become a drink greatly valued throughout the world. Let's use the power of our economy to create a real coffee culture!
Hafiz Mustafa Coffee Monopoly
The Hafiz Mustafa company is now the symbol of Turkish coffee. Just like in western liberal societies, big brands are starting to become symbols of our nation as well. Soon, Turkish coffee will be known as the best coffee there is, both in Europe and the entire world.
Ottoman Gendarmerie
The Ottoman Gendarmerie served us enormously during the Great War. However, this force of both police and military lacks organisation and means. If it had these things, it could allow us to fully secure the territories that we occupy and bring the order that the countryside needs.
Ottoman Democracy
The Ottoman democracy is now established, and is no longer threatened by the aggressive methods of the OHF. Our state will serve as an example of liberalism to the Muslim world.
Powerful Sultan
Sultan Ömer regained his primordial place in the Empire, a powerful and protective role. Alongside his cabinet and the assembly he is a true constitutional but effective monarch.
An Empty Throne
Ever since the OSF toppled the old government of the Empire and proclaimed the state of emergency, our country has been lacking a real head of state. Although Refet Bele may have taken over this position for now, the Empire and its people need a true Sultan of divine blood.
Second Ottoman Constitution
The new Ottoman constitution restricts some of the Sultan's rights, but in return carries the goal of ending the series of coups that have shaken the Empire since the beginning of the century.\nLong live democracy in the Ottoman Empire!
Second Ottoman Constitution
The new Ottoman constitution is designed to bring stability to the country, and to prohibit any attempt to turn the country into a republic.\nLong live the Sultanate in the Ottoman Empire!
Stable Government
With the help of our saviour Omer Fahrettin, we have been able to establish a strong and stable government that will always be ready to defend Ottoman democracy.
Foreign Railway Investments
The construction of a functional and efficient Anatolian railway system is a project that our nation has been working on for decades now, and with investments from the West flowing in, we can finally continue these efforts and expand on what our predecessors have already achieved.
Foreign Military Investments
With foreign investors backing our renewed military buildup, we can now finance the expansion of our military industry and work on increasing our arms production, which will ensure that we don't run out of guns before we run out of men.
Foreign Industrial Investments
The capital that foreign investors provide for our industrial development greatly benefits our economy, as it allows us to increase our production rates through the expansion of factories and to foster economic growth across the nation.
Remains of Decentralisation
The Liberal government had undertaken major reforms to decentralise and democratise the empire. These reforms began to take root in the vilayets of Anatolia. It is up to us to erase these mistakes.
Traditionalist Resistance: §GInsignificant§!
Traditionalist Resistance: §YSlight§!
Traditionalist Resistance: §OSignificant§!
Traditionalist Resistance: §RStrong§!
Traditionalist Resistance: §gExtreme§!
Recovering Economy
The Anatolian economy is just beginning to recover from the bitter defeat and its complete disorganisation. Now we have to implement effective reforms to get it back on its feet.
Five-Year Plan
The idea of planning the economy is favoured by Mustafa Kemal Gelibolu, especially since we cannot rely on foreign capital to raise the nation because of the looming world war.
Turkish Bank
The Turkish Bank shall be a powerful one that will be able to represent the Turkish people both inside and outside of our nation.
Kemalist Principles
The principles established by Kemal for the new Turkish state in his will shall show our government how to guide the people into a brighter future.
Caliph of Islam
Deprived of the Sultanate, the former Sultan nevertheless remains Caliph of Islam, a title commonly referred to as 'the shadow of God on earth'. He keeps a very important political and religious weight.
Turkish Language
The Turkish language now also makes use of the Latin alphabet, just like Kemal envisioned it in his personal writings, allowing for easier learning by the masses.
State Laïcité
The term 'laïcité', or separation of church and state in French, is one of the key terms of Kemalist politics. If Turkey is to become a modern nation, the people will have to leave their superstition behind.
Kemal's Will Tarnished
Kemal's will was flouted. His successors preferred to follow the traditional ways and refused to enact the saving reforms that the Gazi had thought of for years. His close collaborators have to live with the guilt of having left the Turkish people in immobility.
Kemal's Will Honoured
The principles of Mustafa Kemal were well followed by his collaborators. Even if the whole of his project was not realised, his successor was sure to keep the great principles which defined the modernity of Turkey according to Kemal. His last will is thus honoured.
Kemal's Will Achieved
The successors of the Gazi were able to give life to his revolutionary thought and followed his principles and his steps dictated in his will to the letter. Mustafa Kemal would surely be proud of his close collaborators for having followed his ideas of a modern Turkish state. From now on, the Turkish people must follow his teachings as they have been applied.
Popular Sovereignty
The abolition of the Millet System and the equality of the people regardless of their religion before the law is a necessary step to the creation of a secular republic.
Five-Year Plan: Ismet
İsmet Reşit transformed the idea of the five-year plan by adjusting the budget and optimising its use. He focuses on Turkey's industrialisation and defence.
Turkish Protectionism
With the imposition of customs duties on foreign goods as well as quotas on products, Turkey wishes to protect its national economy and especially the small local economies from the global market.
Turkish Protectionism
With the imposition of customs duties on foreign goods as well as quotas on products, Turkey wishes to protect its national economy and especially the small local economies from the global market. In addition, the new tariffs further improve this defence.
Turkish Central Bank
The Central Bank of Turkey has the right to regulate the financial markets and the circulation of money in order to preserve the value of the Turkish currency.
Nationalisation
Many of the companies vital to the state were owned by foreign investors. In order to ensure the economic stability of our nation, we bought up most of them.
Total Nationalisation
Because we were lacking the means to buy up all of the companies owned by foreign investors, we had to nationalise the state by force - a drastic but effective measure.
Turkish Worker Model
The Turkish worker is a vital pillar of the new state. He represents the Turkish people and forms a reflection of our industrial and political system.
Classless Society
Turkey is a classless country. There's no real proletarian class and no dominant bourgeoisie. The class struggle defined by Marx is nonexistent within our borders.
Social Nationalism
The Kadroist theory wants to eliminate the exploitation of a class while continuing the social reforms put in place by the Nationalist Republic.
Welfare State
The state in Kadroist ideology controls everything, including both the financial and the social aspects of Turkish life. This allows the government to promote equality and welfare.
The Kadroist Party
The main goals for the Kadroist movement were to dissolve the influence of the western powers on the political and economical sphere of Turkey, yet to imitate their development with a sense of Turkish identity, where the state is responsible for production and distribution.
The Kadroist Party
The main goals for the Kadroist movement were to dissolve the influence of the western powers on the political and economical sphere of Turkey, yet to imitate their development with a sense of Turkish identity, where the state is responsible for production and distribution.
An Independent Army
The army of the republic must be independent from the state in order to preserve its professionalism and to prevent our soldiers and officers from forming political movements aimed at toppling our government.
An Integrated Army
The army should be integrated into the government. As most major politicians are former Pashas, they know the military affairs well and can keep their control.
The New Turkish Army
The new Turkish army will aim to protect the Turkish state, its national sovereignty and Kemalist modernity against religious obscurantism and outside forces trying to tear down what we have managed to rebuild.
Training for Extreme Conditions
Anatolia is so large that the climate ranges from the hot deserts near Syria and Iraq, to the high mountains of the Caucasus and the windy cliffs of the Aegean Sea. Our troops must be able to adapt to all climatic conditions if they want to defend their homeland.
Modern Cavalry
The primary strategy used by the Ottoman army and advocated by Mustafa Kemal was the use of cavalry. However, with modern warfare and new technologies, the fast but fragile cavalry should be replaced by the more resistant steel monsters born from our factories.
War Preparations
War is inevitable. The peace desired by Mustafa Kemal cannot adapt to the extreme situation in which the republic is placed. One day or another, we will be plunged into a territorial or even a world war - and must be prepared to fight back.
Armour Effort
The importance of tanks has been demonstrated many times during the Weltkrieg and by many of our military theorists. We must optimise our production to make it as cheap and efficient as possible.
Fevzi Plan
Fevzi Çakmak has implemented a reorganisation of the Ismet Inonü plan, aimed at building up a war industry rather than a civilian one and at preparing our nation for the inevitable through the means of nationalisation.
Religious Community Threatened
Many religious orders in our country fear that our government could return to the Kemalist principles and begin the process of secularisation once more. Thus, they have begun organising protests, hoping that these will lead to their voices being heard and to the government refraining from implementing such reforms.
Reconstruction Army
If we want to rebuild our country and repair what has been destroyed during the Levant Crisis, we'll have to rely on our soldiers. They are a formidable force and more than eager to help those in need.
Resistance of the Opposition
Though the Müşîr still claims he is doing everything in his power to ensure the safety and prosperity of the people, there are still some who question and actively oppose his rule, mainly because of the excessive measures thus far taken to secure it. For the Müşîr to hold on to his rule, these agitators must be eradicated!
Fading Resistance of the Opposition
Though the Müşîr still claims he is doing everything in his power to ensure the safety and prosperity of the people, there are still some who question and actively oppose his rule, mainly because of the excessive measures thus far taken to secure it. For the Müşîr to hold on to his rule, these agitators must be eradicated!
Job Creation
In order to improve our economic capabilities and to ensure that the flow of taxes into our state coffers does not diminish, we'll have to fight unemployment. This will also help us regain the trust of the people and increase the standard of living across the nation.
Cult of Personality
In the eyes of many, the Müşîr has saved our nation from its imminent collapse and has managed to bring Turkey prestige, prosperity, and modernisation. This view has been further propagated by the OHF and is now prevalent in the minds of most of our citizens.
Modernisation of the State
It is not solely technology that makes a state truly modern. It is its constitution, its government structure and its laws.
Modernisation Wave
For us to be able to keep up with the rest of the world, it is necessary to modernise the nation. This can be achieved by expanding the infrastructure of our country and by bringing electricity to even the most remote villages of Anatolia.
Modernisation Wave
For us to be able to keep up with the rest of the world, it is necessary to modernise the nation. This can be achieved by expanding the infrastructure of our country and by bringing electricity to even the most remote villages of Anatolia.
Turkish-Iraqi Economic Accord
The economic accord drafted by us and our new friends will bring prosperity to both of our nations!
Fevzi's Army Reform
Seeing the miserable state our military was in, the Müşîr has decided to implement major reforms aimed at enhancing the capabilities of our armed forces. The world shall once again fear the might of the Turkish army!
From Charybde to Scylla
From Charybdis to Scylla is an expression taken from Homer's Odyssey which perfectly describes the first national crisis our nation has to face since our defeat in the Levant Crisis.
§YTraditionalist Resistance§! is increased by $RIGHT|%%R0$.\n
§YTraditionalist Resistance§! is decreased by $RIGHT|%%G0$.\n
§CWe will receive a bonus depending on whether Kemal's will has been honoured or not.§!
$unlocks_decisions$ to install loyal administrators in several states of the country.
Our influence in Iskenderun is §Ygreater than 70§!.
Completing this focus will allow us to push strong economic reforms. However, their consequences are uncertain...
This focus will be automatically completed should the Kadroist movement rise to power.
İkinci Adam
The Müşîr
The Young Sultan
Saviour of the Empire
Kadroist Figure
Loyal to the Sultan
§LThis officer is attached to the empire and its virtues.§!
OHF Member
§LThis officer is a member of the OHF, the Kemalist party, and will support it even in times of crisis.§!
Centralist Control
Decentralist Control
Tarikat
Kemalist Control
Kurdish Autonomy
Kurdish Unrest
Kemalist Reforms
The Kemalist reforms aim to follow the visions Mustafa Kemal had of a modern Turkish nation, and are based on the will that the Gazi gave to İsmet Reşit, his faithful friend. In his testament, Kemal wrote down all of the wishes he had for the new Turkish state. His reforms are based on six fundamental principles: republicanism, nationalism, populism, secularism, revolutionism and statism. However, Kemal's will is complex, extremist and deeply anti-religious. He would have liked the total separation of church and state and had even darker ideas concerning the Padishah. İsmet Reşit will have to deal with the traditionalist resistance if he wants to enforce these reforms.\n\n §YTraditionalist Resistance§!: [?TUR_traditionalist_resistance|%%R0]\n\nHowever, if we could convince the people of our good intentions or if we were to make some concessions to the traditionalists, we should be able to reduce their resistance.
Currently Loyal Administrators
Install Loyal Administrators in §Y[From.GetName]§!
Deal with Traditionalist Rebels
Reinstate Political Plurality
Create the Directorate of Religious Affairs
Support Women's Political Movements
Promote Modern Medicine
Ban Religious Political Organisations
Crack Down on Obscurantism
OHF Resistance
Eliminate OHF Resistance in §Y[FROM.GetName]§!
OHF-Dominated states
OSF Economic Policy
Now that the Empire is limited to Anatolia, we are separated from a good part of our less developed lands. Perhaps we can bring in the laws of the free market and competition in order to open the Empire to the world market and allow the Turkish people to give the best of themselves.
Invest in Clothing Factory in [FROM.GetName]
Invest in Fruit Cooperatives
HİF Resistance
Eliminate HİF Resistance in §Y[FROM.GetName]§!
HİF-Dominated states
Foreign Policy of [TUR.GetNameDef]
Join the Reichspakt
Join the Entente
Join the Third Internationale
Join the Belgrade Pact
Demand the Home of the Revolution
Intervene in the War against [EGY.GetNameDef]
The Question of Iskenderun
For over 400 years now, Iskenderun, also known as Alexandretta, has been a part of our nation. Because of its proximity to Anatolia, the heartland of the Turkish people, it steadily became more and more integrated into the Turkish culture, resulting in the population of the region nowadays mostly consisting of Turks. However, this didn't stop the pesky Syrians from stealing the province in our moment of weakness. Since the wounds our nation had obtained during the Levant Crisis were still fresh and a long way from being healed at the time, we were unable to do anything about this treachery.\n\nNow that the situation in our country has somewhat stabilised, we can once again focus on Alexandretta, where our Turkish brethren are still being oppressed by the Syrians. It is our duty to use any resources necessary to ensure that the province gets returned to its righteous owner. Once our influence over the region is high enough, the Syrians might be forced to admit that they've made a mistake when they took over Iskenderun, which would result in them restoring our rule over the province. However, they could also try to hold on to the region, which would in return force us to take more aggressive measures.\n\nOur Influence in Iskenderun: [?influence_adana|%%Y]\n
Iskenderun
Send Turkish Agitators
Drop Propaganda Leaflets
Bribe Officials
Denounce Syrian Repression
Mobilise at the Border
Ask for a Referendum
This will increase our §YInfluence in Iskenderun§! by $RIGHT|G0$.
Our Relations with Iraq
Among the new Arab states born in the wake of the Levant Crisis was the young nation of Iraq. Unlike the other Arabs, who felt mistreated under our rule, the people of Iraq were more or less content with their situation in the Empire. This can be traced back to the interest the Porte had in the Iraqi oil fields and the strategic situation of Iraq on the Persian border, two factors that led to the Porte focusing its development efforts not just on Anatolia but on Iraq as well. Sadly, the thoughts of Arab nationalism managed to spread to the region regardless, resulting in its secession from the Empire.\n\nHowever, it may be a wise idea to accept this development. If we were to reestablish diplomatic relations with Iraq and renounce our claims on their territory, we might be able to make a new friend not too far from our home country, which is worth far more than one might think. Seeing how the Persians are eyeing up the Iraqi lands, the government of Iraq would surely also be glad to gain a new ally in these trying times.
Negotiate a Trade Accord with Iraq
Propose a Mutual Protection Treaty
Kurdish Situation in Anatolia
Although the Kurds have been a part of our nation for centuries now, they never really felt attached to Kostantiniye. In the past, this has often led to waves of unrest and numerous revolts in which the Kurds tried to fight for their freedom. Even though we were able to crush these revolts using our sheer military might, the stubbornness of the Kurdish people prevented us from centralising their lands. However, it should also be noted that the Kurdish people are by no means united. Their lands are split between many tribes with varying interests. The only thing that most of them can agree on is the fact that, from their point of view, Kurdistan would be better off without the Turks.\n\nOur defeat in the Levant Crisis has once again rekindled the rebellious and nationalist sentiments of the Kurds. Seeing our army being beaten gave them new hope. Now they see their time to strike. The Chiefs of the different tribes are starting to settle their disputes, the people are beginning to arm themselves and the resistance movements are growing stronger by the day.\n\nCurrent Kurdish Unrest: [?TUR_kurdish_unrest_value|R0%%]\n§R(A revolt will happen if unrest reaches [?TUR_kurdish_revolt_threshold?100|R0%%])§!
Kurdish Chiefs Grow Restless
The longer the Kurdish stalemate goes on for, the likelier it becomes that the Kurdish Chiefs might lose their patience and be tempted to revolt against our rule even without their people totally standing behind them.
Growing Kurdish Unrest
Literacy Campaign in Kurdistan
Hunt Down Rebels
Arrest Kurdish Resistance Leaders
Increase Police Presence
Send the Army
Grant Autonomy to Kurdistan
Defeat the Kurdish Revolt!
Increases §YKurdish Unrest§! by $RIGHT|R0%%$.
Decreases §YKurdish Unrest§! by $RIGHT|G0%%$.
§GKurdish Unrest will be removed if kept below 50%§!.\n§RLowers the threshold for a Kurdish revolt to 50%§!.
Fevzi's Army Reforms
Our leader has decided to implement a series of reforms to bring the army up to date with the perils that await Turkey. The reforms will be divided into several phases, during which we will decide on military priorities.
Reform #1: Soldier Equipment
Reform #1: Division Organisation
Reform #2: Army Plans
Reform #2: Supply Methods
Reform #3: Tanks
Reform #3: Artillery
Already selected direction for army reform
Turkish Last Stand
War for Adana
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1884, in Smyrna, Vilayet of Aidin, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMustafa İsmet Reşit was born into a family descended from the famous Kurdish house Kürümoğulları. In 1897, he moved to Kostantiniye, where he enrolled in the Imperial School of Military Engineering and, later on, also the Ottoman Military Staff College. During his time in the capital, Ismet met Mustafa Kemal, with whom he would later develop a great friendship. He also joined the İTC, however didn't want to partake in the Young Turk Revolution, which wasn't received very well by the other members, forcing him to leave the organisation.\n\nBefore the Weltkrieg, he was stationed in Rumelia and Yemen, where he was able to achieve major successes while negotiating with the natives, resulting in his promotion to the rank of major. He also served in the Balkan Wars, both as an officer on the front and as a military advisor during the signing of the Treaty of Constantinople, which formally ended the Second Balkan War. Throughout the Weltkrieg, Reşit fought on many different fronts, including Gallipoli, the Caucasus, and Syria, earning himself the rank of colonel.\n\nAfter the war, Ismet embraced his role as the right-hand man of the famous \
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 12th, 1876, in Cihangir, Kostantiniye, Vilayet of Kostantiniye, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMustafa Fevzi Çakmak was born to Artillery Colonel Ali Sırrı and Hesna Hanım. During his youth, he studied in military schools and military high schools and was taught the Persian and Arabic languages by his grandfather. In 1893, he enrolled in the Mekteb-i Harbiye-i Şahane, the Ottoman Military Academy, and then in 1896, he enrolled in the Erkân-ı Harbiye Mektebi, the Ottoman Military Staff College, from which he graduated with the rank of Staff Captain. Afterwards, he served in Serbia and Albania, where he first made contact with members of the İTC. The Balkan War saw Fevzi serving as the Director of the 1st Division in the Western Army, where he was able to achieve some successes, but ultimately had to accept the defeat of the Empire.\n\nDuring the Weltkrieg, the Müşir achieved his first major victories, the most notable of which being the battle of Gallipoli, during which he commanded the V Corps. Later on, he also served on the Caucasian front and in Palestine. To honour his military achievements, he was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant General in 1918. However, just a month after his promotion, he had to return to Kostantiniye because of a sudden illness. There, on Christmas Eve, he was appointed Chief of the General Staff of the Ottoman Empire. After the war, Fevzi embraced his role as a war hero and began to climb the ranks of the military ladder once more, with him being appointed Field Marshal at the recommendation of his dear friend Mustafa Kemal only a few years after the war's conclusion. During the post-war period, he stayed mostly in the background and refrained from interfering in the political matters of the state, instead focusing on the repression of partisans.\n\nThe recent political developments, however, have made him change his mind. Seeing the chaotic state the party was in, Fevzi deemed them unfit to rule, and now that he has secured his grasp over the nation, he plans on following his own visions, hoping to bring order and stability, not just to the party, but to the entire nation of Turkey.§!
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 5th, 1889, in Kostantiniye, Vilayet of Kostantiniye, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMehmet Recep Peker was born in the grand city of Kostantiniye, his father having migrated to the Empire's heartland from Dagestan. After completing his primary and secondary education, he enrolled in the Kuleli Military High School and later studied at the Military Academy, from which he graduated with the rank of a lieutenant in 1907. Having completed his education, Recep did not have to wait long to test his abilities as a soldier and commander. From 1911 to 1913, he fought in Yemen, Tripolitania, and the Balkan Wars. Once the Weltkrieg broke out, he was assigned to the Caucasus front, where he had to face off against the Russians.\n\nAfter the war's conclusion, Recep decided to no longer focus on his military career, choosing to pursue one in politics instead. He joined the OHF and became part of the radical wing of the party, which at the time was considered the political underdog. Like many other members of the radical wing, he grew increasingly attached to the ideas of the Kadro newspaper and began to incorporate them into his own political agenda. Over time, his influence within the radical wing began to grow, leading to him becoming its de facto leader. After Kemal's death and the Moderate takeover of the party, the radical wing, which had by then become the Kadroist wing, slowly started gaining popularity, and as dissent with the new party leadership grew louder, they eventually managed to take over. Now that Peker is in charge, he plans to pursue his radical ideas of a classless society and to bring about a true Turkish revolution.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 27th, 1898, in the Feriye Palace, Beyoğlu, Kostantiniye, Vilayet of Kostantiniye, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSultan Ömer I is the only son of former Sultan-Caliph Abdülmecid II, and son-in-law of former Sultan Mehmed VI. His father used his contacts and power to guarantee young Ömer would get the best education available in the Empire, at the Galatasaray Lycée, Turkey's oldest high school. When he was 11 years old, it was decided that he should attend a European school instead, and, as such, the young prince was sent to the Theresianum Military Academy in Vienna, where he not only learned valuable lessons about military strategies, but also about carpentry, masonry, and other manual skills. After spending a few years in Vienna, he was transferred to the Prussian Military Academy in Potsdam, where he received a more disciplined training.\n\nNot long after he graduated from the academy in 1914, the Weltkrieg broke out. During the first stages of the war, Ömer fought for the Germans, first in Galicia and later on also in Verdun. For his bravery in battle, he was awarded a golden cigarette case, the Red Eagle medal, and the Iron Cross of the First Degree, together with a signed photograph of the Kaiser himself. However, as the Weltkrieg was nearing its end, Ömer was recalled to the Ottoman Empire, for which he fought for the remainder of the conflict.\n\nAfterwards, he remained a relatively important figure in the Ottoman military, chaired the football club Fenerbahçe S.K., and befriended ex-İTC members such as Refet Bele. His relatively peaceful life was disrupted by the outbreak of the Levant Crisis, during which he once again fought in the name of the Empire. Even so, the war did not end well for the Ottoman state - and for Ömer, the incapable government was to blame. With the blessing of his allies in the OSF, he was able to enforce his claim to the throne, and now that he rules over the Empire, he seeks to succeed where the Sultans before him had failed and to bring glory to the downhearted nation.§!
§YBorn:§! §L1881, in Selânik, Vilayet of Selânik, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a Turkish family in Thessaloniki, Refet Bele spent much of his youth in his hometown before eventually moving to Kostantiniye to complete his secondary education and to study at the Mekteb-i Harbiye-i Şahane, the Ottoman Military Academy, from which he graduated in 1898 with the rank of lieutenant. In the following years, Refet joined the Committee of Union and Progress, served in the Ottoman Gendarmerie, and fought in the Italo-Turkish War and the Balkan Wars. With his competence and skill proven on the field of battle, he quickly began to climb the military ladder, making it to the rank of major by 1913.\n\nDuring the Weltkrieg, the Paşa commanded part of the Ottoman forces on the Palestinian front, where he managed to hold his line until the Ottoman defences were shattered by Allenby's advance in late 1918. Allegedly, the collapse of the Ottoman frontline also saw Refet get cut off from the retreating forces, forcing him to sneak his way across dozens of kilometres of enemy territory on his own.\n\nWith the end of the Weltkrieg, Refet Bele had become a famed and greatly decorated military officer. When Kemal claimed chairmanship of the former İTC in 1925, he was among the first to leave the party, since the Gazi's radically secularist notions directly contradicted with Refet's deep-rooted respect for the Sultan and the Caliphate. Staying mostly out of politics thereafter, the Paşa continued his service in the military, and, as such, took part in the defence of the Empire during the Levant Crisis. His efforts proved futile, however, and with the Empire in shambles, Refet felt the need to act. With the support of a number of anti-OHF figures, he launched a coup against the OHF government, and has now established himself as the leader of an interim government, aiming to mend the scars of the weakened Empire.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 27th, 1889, in Cairo, Governorate of the Capital, Khedivate of Egypt§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA descendant of the influential Karaosmanoğlu family, Yakup Kadri was born in Cairo. His parents soon moved back to Manisa, the family's city of origin and seat of power in Western Anatolia, where Yakup would complete his primary education before enrolling at Izmir High School. During his youth, he became known for his inherent love for literature, and would later become especially interested in the works of western writers. Following his father's death, however, he dropped out of high school and returned to Egypt, where he was greatly influenced by the Young Turk Movement, sparking his interest in politics. Just a few months after graduating from a French school in Alexandria, Yakup Kadri once again moved, this time to Kostantiniye, where he studied law at the Darülfünun-ı Osmani for two years before dropping out to focus solely on his literary career.\n\nThough exploring several types of literature, including dramatic plays and poems, he found his real passion to be novels, which he often times loaded with political messages and social critique. In 1932, he co-founded the Kadro magazine, in which he became more forthright about his political opinions.\n\nAt the time, most politicians rather disliked the radical, almost Marxist ideas propagated by the newspaper, some even calling it an 'insult to Kemalism', but over time, the Kadroist movement gained traction, and, with the Empire's defeat in the Levant Crisis, many came to see Kadri's ideas as a necessity for the survival of a Turkish state. With the majority of the THF having turned away from Kemalism in the traditional sense and having embraced the Kadroist movement, it is now up to Kadri to fulfil his promises and to bring about a true Turkish revolution.§!
§YBorn:§! §L1868, in Rusçuk, Danube Vilayet, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe Lion of the Desert, the Defender of Medina: the renowned Ömer Fahrettin Türkkan. Born in 1868 in Rusçuk, Bulgaria, his family was forced to flee to the Empire's capital in the wake of the Russo-Turkish War. His career in the military started at the Mekteb-i Harbiye-i Şahane, the Ottoman Military Academy, from which he graduated top of his class. During his time there, he also developed a passion for photography and started learning French, before eventually graduating from the Erkân-ı Harbiye Mektebi, the Ottoman Military Staff College, with the rank of staff captain in 1891. He was first deployed in Armenia, where he fought against the fidayi irregulars, and also served in the Italo-Turkish War and the Balkan Wars, though he did not see much action during these conflicts.\n\nThe Paşa would later achieve his first major success during the Weltkrieg, where he was stationed in Medina from 1916 onwards, commanding the defence of the city and the nearby Hejaz Railway against the Arab forces. Despite being cut off and surrounded for months, he refused to surrender the sacred city to the approaching savages and continued to hold the line until reinforcements arrived, earning him the respect and gratitude of the Ottoman people.\n\nThough he mostly refrained from interfering in the Empire's political scene, Fahrettin Türkkan never thought much of the Kemalist movement, and his belief in the traditional virtues of Islam naturally led him to disdain Kemal's views. Fearing that the OHF usurpers would exploit the chaos following the Empire's defeat in the Levant Crisis and lead the Ottoman people into their certain doom, he took his chances upon hearing of Kemal's death, rallied his allies, and staged a coup, placing himself at the top of a provisional government. Now, he seeks to undo the damage inflicted by Kemalist rule over the nation and to prepare the Empire for the return of its Sultan.§!
Ahmet Muhtar Cilli
§YBorn:§! §L1871, in Rize, Vilayet of Trebizond, Ottoman Empire§!
Şevket Süreyya Aydemir
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Edirne, Vilayet of Edirne, Ottoman Empire§!
Mustafa Sabri
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1869, in Tokat, Vilayet of Sivas, Ottoman Empire§!
Fatin Rüştü Zorlu
§YBorn:§! §LApril 20th, 1910, in Kostantiniye, Vilayet of Kostantiniye, Ottoman Empire§!
