Legation Cities Focus Tree
Vickers-Armstrong
Shanghai Electric Company
Jiangnan Shipyard
Yungli Chemical Company
International Neutrality
Created through international agreement in 1928, the Legation Cities are meant to remain neutral towards all sides, regardless of the global situation... at least in theory.
Currency Reserves
The currency reserves of the Legation Cities represent liquid cash and assets held by the Legation Council and the Shanghai Municipal Council, legally and illegally. Should it fall too low there will be harsh consequences as the cities slide into bankruptcy.
American Influence Growing
German Influence Growing
Chinese Influence Growing
Japanese Influence Growing
British Influence Growing
American Influence Shrinking
German Influence Shrinking
Chinese Influence Shrinking
Japanese Influence Shrinking
British Influence Shrinking
Black Monday in the East
Vladivostok Free Trade
Our free trade agreement centred in Vladivostok gives us a competitive advantage throughout the Far East, as Vladivostok's resources, efficiently transferred to Tianjin, spread out throughout the Far East.
Shanghai Plan
By focusing on development in Shanghai, we will ensure that we have a stable base to build off for the future.
'String of Pearls' Plan
By focusing on developing the minor cities, we will ensure that even if Shanghai trade is stopped, the rest of the Cities will continue to prosper.
French Kickbacks
By offering the French expats Chinese citizenship through the offices of the International Mandate, they and their endeavours are tied to us. Naturally they display their gratitude to us in any way we see fit.
Railway Dividends
Railways & Land Tax
Shanghai Yuan
Using the Chinese Yuan as the standard Legation currency allows for easier production and trade with the inland, but it is harder to do business with Westerners
Legation Dollar
Using the American Dollar as the Standard Legation currency allows for easier dealings with westerners, both inside and outside the government
The Legation Cities Defence Force
The International Volunteer Corps is formed from expats and foreign volunteers who are willing to sign up to protect the Legation Cities, in theory. They are provided with funding by the Legation Council and their duties consist largely of protecting the concessions on the Chinese coast. The Council also has at its disposal multiple autonomous groups of exiles, many of whom are willing to fight for consular interests throughout China.
Expanded Volunteer Corps
The International Volunteer Corps is formed from expats and foreign volunteers who are willing to sign up to protect the Legation Cities, in theory. They are provided with funding by the Legation Council and their duties consist largely of protecting the concessions on the Chinese coast. The Council also has at its disposal multiple autonomous groups of exiles, many of whom are willing to fight for consular interests throughout China.
Legation Defence Force
The International Volunteer Corps is formed from expats and both Chinese and foreign volunteers who are willing to sign up to protect the Legation Cities, in theory. They are provided with funding by the Legation Council and their duties consist largely of protecting the concessions on the Chinese coast. The Council also has at its disposal multiple autonomous groups of exiles, many of whom are willing to fight for consular interests throughout China.
Pomp And Circumstance
The International Volunteer Corps is formed from expats and foreign volunteers who are willing to sign up to protect the Legation Cities, in theory. They are provided with funding by the Legation Council and their duties consist largely of protecting the concessions on the Chinese coast. The Council also has at its disposal multiple autonomous groups of exiles, many of whom are willing to fight for consular interests throughout China.
Legation Defence Force - Mechanised
The International Volunteer Corps is formed from expats and foreign volunteers who are willing to sign up to protect the Legation Cities, in theory. They are provided with funding by the Legation Council and their duties consist largely of protecting the concessions on the Chinese coast. The Council also has at its disposal multiple autonomous groups of exiles, many of whom are willing to fight for consular interests throughout China.
Cutting-Edge Dockyards
The novelty of the International Navy allows it to take advantage of completely new designs when building new ships.
German Military Cooperation
We shall have to defend ourselves from all sides in the coming fight against the Japanese and Chinese menaces, but if we collaborate with the Kaiserliche Marine we shall have some hope of prevailing.
Taishi Mondai Kaiketsu Kokumin Domei
The Japanese war effort will be advanced through us, their forward bases in China. The TMKKD will recruit native Chinese collaborators to provide us with crucial intelligence about the war in China, just as we provide Japan with the dividends of the war.
The Occupation of Tianjin
Though our forces currently occupy Tianjin, much of the profit from the city flows to Shanghai, as they retain de jure control of the city.
Japan's Supply Lines
Though Japanese goods may be embargoed, their neutral ally here in Shanghai will get them what they need. Plus, we can make a little extra on the side, too...
Fruits of the Open Door
Though the Legation Cities do provide us with the benefits of free trade, much of our profit from China stems from our investments in the AOG. Both illicit and legal trade provide our nation with a healthy stipend.
Fruits of the Open Door
The current setup of the Legation Cities benefits us the most, as we conduct much of our business and diplomacy in China through Shanghai without having to actively maintain our investments. The Japanese and Germans may have their horses in the race for Chinese dominance, but we will satisfy ourselves with getting rich!
Fruits of the Open Door
While we may not have the competitive advantages of America, free trade with China, provided by the Legation Cities, does provide our citizens with extra products.
Fruits of the Open Door
With the Legation Cities' enhanced focus on free trade to all parties, said all parties are benefiting handsomely.
The Open Doorway
With commitment to free trade restated, our markets and citizens are profiting from their middleman status.
Legation Neutrality
Anti-Money Laundering Commission
With the Vermillion Society investigation coming to an end, the AMLC has been established to investigate and prosecute all crimes relating to financial fraud.
Vermillion Society Funds Severed
Shanghai under the Japanese
Shanghai under the Japanese
Luxurious Shanghai
Cooperative Triads
Shanghai under the Germans
Sino-German Collaboration
Shanghai under the Germans
Germano-Shanghai Naval Planning
Shanghai under the Germans
BIS
Bureau of Investigation and Statistics (BIS)\n§LDai Li's ideological enclave in Shanghai dominates the intelligence operations of the Kuomintang, and forms an informal tendency within the party. Wherever sabotage and syndicalist unrest is found, BIS or Juntong agents are surely not far behind.§!\n
CSP
Chinese Syndicalist Party\n§LA small and mostly irrelevant party in the wider scheme of China, while it is able to maintain a small presence in Shanghai and the other Mandatory cities, it leaves only a small footprint.§!\n
KMT-RCA
Reorganisation Comrades Association of the Kuomintang\n§LThe RCA faction of the Kuomintang forms the main ideological tendency of the party and maintains some cells within the Legation Cities. Thankfully, they serve as little more than a minor nuisance to the local police force.§!\n
KMT-PAC
Provisional Action Committee of the Kuomintang\n§LThe PAC faction of the Kuomintang forms an alternative and more 'liberal' element of the party.§!\n
The Vermillion Society
The Vermillion Society\n§LA large, broad group of businessmen and influential figures who would usually characterise themselves as \
The Hong Kong Club
The Hong Kong Club\n§LInitially a dinner club and a means for the British business community in Hong Kong to keep in touch, the Hong Kong Club has become a lifeline for the British in the concessions and now has branches in all the Legation Cities. Membership is only open to white subjects of the British Crown, though an exception is granted for those few born in Hong Kong, where the Anglo business community remains dominant.§!\n
AmCham Shanghai
The American Chamber of Commerce in the International Mandate\n§LThe commercial arm of American influence in the Legation Cities, the Chamber of Commerce has an overriding mission to keep the ports open and the trade flowing in order to keep one of the USA's last good trading partners in business.§!\n
Ostchina Direktorium
The Ostchina Direktorium\n§LGermany's instrument of commercial domination in China, the OD holds a stranglehold on the AOG and is also responsible for negotiating good terms for German investments with the Legation Council.§!\n
SMC
The Shanghai Municipal Council\n§LThe Shanghai Municipal Council is the governing body of the most important city in the cities, while it cannot wield political power independently, it remains an important player on a local level.§!\n
The China Agency
Shina Tokubetsu Honbu\n§LJapan's 'China Special Agency' is ostensibly a political security force under the control of the Japanese Consulate as part of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, but in reality represents not just them but influence from the War Ministry. This makes it a highly fractional organisation that can be difficult to pin down, the full extent of its operations may never be known.§!\n
Questioned Our Mandate
Currency Reserve Level
§CThe Legation Council will vote on this measure§!
§RA run on the Deutsch-Asiatische Bank will hit our currency reserves.§!
§RThe Legation Cities have gone bankrupt§!
Evidence Against Du Yuesheng
Evidence Against Zhang Xiaolin
Evidence Against Huang Jinrong
Evidence Against Solomon Adler
Evidence Against Lothar Eisenträger
Evidence Against the British
An Ongoing Story
Coal mines developed
Is a member of the Legation Council
Is a voting member of the Legation Council
Is an observing member of the Legation Council
The German-Asian Bank has collapsed
We shall pursue German interests throughout China and the Far East and tie ourselves to them.
We shall aid the Japanese in their endeavours in China, covertly and overtly.
We shall continue to advocate for the peaceful economic causes we were founded on.
The German-Asian Bank has gone under
We shall no longer be able to employ Huang Jinrong in our investigations
The current High Commissioner of the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions is here to stay.
The formation of the Legationary navy has been approved.
§RThis is necessary to prevent a financial meltdown in case of war§!
This will unlock decisions to align ourselves with a global faction. However, this will mean abandoning much of the international protections we ostensibly still have.
Zhang Xiaolin will be arrested\n
Du Yuesheng will be arrested\n
We will be able to start a motion after the current vote ends.
This will give us more evidence on Du Yuesheng
This will remove some of our evidence on Du Yuesheng
This will give us more evidence on Zhang Xiaolin
This will give us more evidence on Huang Jinrong
This will remove some of our evidence on Huang Jinrong
This will give us more evidence on Solomon Adler
This will give us more evidence on Lothar Eisenträger
This will give us more evidence on British businessmen
This will clear all criminal evidence on the Triads in our city.
This will give more criminal evidence on the Triads in our city.
We shall surrender the duties of the Mandate back to the Chinese government. This will end the game.
The war for the Legation Cities has gone on for more than §Hsix months§!
No owned states are controlled by §Ya Legation Council backer§!
This will yield us more evidence against the British plots in Hong Kong.
This will put us in a position to stop the British from making any moves in Hong Kong or Shanghai.
We have appointed an official Governor of Hong Kong
We will lose our ability to gain influence in the Legation Cities!
Hongkonger businessmen have reached out to us
The Legation Council has restored the British vote.
§CThe world is in the throes of Black Monday§!
§RWe will begin destabilising Tianjin giving our troops a prerogative to invade§!
§CWe can begin building up our military forces in Tianjin.§!
§RWe have an unassailable position in Tianjin§!
We have gained a foothold in Tianjin
Sending Aid To Tianjin
We have enforced our policing in Tianjin
We have reinforced the Tianjin garrison
We have bolstered the manpower of the Tianjin garrison
We are investigating Hotung's donations
We are currently investigating the KMT
We are currently investigating the Fengtian connection
We are currently investigating the Liangguang connection
Kuomintang funds have been disrupted
Fengtian funds have been disrupted
Liangguang funds have been disrupted
£pol_power §H100§! £command_power §H50§!
£pol_power §R100§! £command_power §R50§!
It costs $LEC_PP_100_CP_50_blocked$ to take the decision
British influence in §Y[LEC.GetNameDef]§! will increase\n
§CThis will open investigations into the financial affairs of the Vermillion Society§!
§LThe China Agency§! will aid us in our investigation of the §RKMT§! but may fail.
§YDu Yuesheng§! will aid us in our investigation of the §RKMT§! but will expect major concessions.
§RFraternising with the British could invoke some council members' ire.§!
§RThe Germans will expect a small payment for their services.§!
§RFengtian could disrupt the investigation!§!
The western-influenced Shanghai government will be replaced.
The New Status Quo
The Legation Cities have suffered a period of instability and uncertainty. Now that the current High Commissioner of the Mandate is undoubtedly here to stay, however, many now rest easy knowing that the future of the Mandate is decided.
The Western Tool
The Germans have always had a keen interest in controlling the Legation Council, and now that High Commissioner Bodenheimer has been sworn in he has committed the Cities to the German cause of continuing the status quo in the Far East.
Entice German Industrialists
The German economic presence at the moment is carefully regulated, like much of the foreign industry in the Cities. Loosening these regulations, such as the remaining protections for workers, might encourage more German industrialists to build and invest here.
Zhili Soldiers With Stahlhelms
In 1932, Germany invited Southern Zhili soldiers into the Legation Cities to maintain order against the leftist agitators. Siding definitively with the only sure German ally in China, [LEP.GetNameDef], by inviting their troops into the Cities would be a good idea.
German Coordination
The only way to protect the Cities from the inevitable Japanese threat is to coordinate our military with the German naval and air forces. Some might protest this open favouritism, but their objections are irrelevant to the cause of stability.
Combat Japanese Influence
The Japanese have far too strong a presence in the Cities, and could use their influence to great effect in times of conflict. Expelling their businessmen and cracking down on their illegal activities will curtail their power.
Improve Coastal Defence
The only way we have a chance of surviving a Japanese attack is through strong coastal fortifications, and our German allies are experts at the task. We should employ them thusly.
The Open Door
The Legation Cities were created to serve as the world's open door into China, and they will remain so! The Anglo-American rule of the Cities will continue the policies of neutrality and cooperation that led it to success over the last decades.
A Forum for Peace And Prosperity
The Legation Cities have always been designed to keep the peace between the Germans, Chinese, Japanese, and Americans. We should completely dedicate the Mandate to this goal.
Encourage Great Power Cooperation
We do not favour either power in the conflict over China. All are welcome to come to Shanghai to debate their positions, after all. Our ultimate mission is continuing peace in the Far East
Free Trade in China
The Open Door Policy was the watchword of the founders of the Mandate, and it continues to be important. We shall further our efforts to make all member states of the Legation Council, as well as the Council itself, a healthy profit.
A Multipolar Mandate
There are more than three powers on the Council, and it was time they were valued! We should use our control over the Council to grant more gravitas to the minor nations' ambassadors and points of view.
Bring Back the British
The British Crown was unjustly excised from the proceedings of the Council at its initiation. We should restore their voting rights to them, for they are a crucial bulwark of the current status quo.
An Open Forum
The International Mandate is not an elite club where the rest of the East's fate is decided. Every power with concessions is valued here, and every power has a voice.
Gateway to the East
Now that the Japanese dominate the Legation Council, the future of Asia looks ever brighter. An essential question must be asked: should the Cities remain openly neutral, offering supply lines and smuggled weapons to an isolated Japan, or should the Cities attempt to aid the Japanese war efforts as much as possible?
Compromised Neutrality
The Cities are too important as a source of trade and international interaction to attempt to suborn to the Japanese war machine. The Council still has a part to play in Asia!
Supply Lines to the World
The Japanese anticipate some trade issues and embargoes in the future, as they embark on the liberation of Asia. We shall provide a conduit of raw materiel to the Japanese war machine, benefiting as befits a middleman.
Weapons Stockpiles
The Japanese can ill afford to lose the eastern coast of China when they begin their war. We should provide a conduit for weapons and men to be siphoned to the ground forces of Japan and her allies.
Sideline Westerners
Westerners and imperialists have held a stranglehold over the Far East for far too long! Cracking down on their businesses, illegal activities, and even investigating some members of foreign delegations will soon curb their venomous influence.
Establish the TMKKD
The TMKDD will serve to recruit those residents of the Legation Cities who are willing to help Japan into an organised service. We will be the vanguard of the Japanese assault!
Fengtian Troops in Tianjin
The Japanese allies in the Fengtian government are as yet unrecognised by the Legation Council. Furthermore, if we wish for them to triumph over the [QIE.GetAdjective] government, allowing our Chinese allies free passage through Tianjin, like the Germans did in 1932, could tip the war in their favour. We should decisively support Marshal Zhang!
Deal with Zhang Xiaolin
Zhang Xiaolin's Green Gang has greatly aided us in securing the Cities. However, his help is a little unsavoury, and many are now questioning if we still require his services...
Remove the Japanese from the Council
The Japanese have shown themselves to be nothing more than criminals and bandits on the international stage! Their shameless meddling in Chinese affairs must be punished, and they must no longer have an official say in China's fate.
Remove the Germans from the Council
The German Empire is clearly no longer acting in good faith within the bounds of the International Mandate. Their concessions are merely a tool for their exploitative foreign policy, and so they must be removed.
Occupy the Neutral Zone
The neutral zones theoretically allow no troops from either Chinese or international armies to enter. This makes them nightmares to control and use effectively. To secure the Cities from leftist and foreign influences, they must be occupied by our Volunteer Force.
War Industries
War industries in the Legation Cities are limited, as there still remain many legal barriers to unhindered production. Removing these, and lowering trade barriers for international armament companies, should result in increased war production that could be utilised in war.
Stable Markets
The Legation Cities, as of now, are totally unprepared for war. Unfortunately, armed conflict is not an impossible eventuality. We must prepare investors for war, so they do not lose faith in the Mandate en masse.
They Made Ready for War
The Mandate's foundations are under assault. The international guarantees that once made our safety a surety no longer serve. The world is changing, and the Legation Cities must change with it.
Stabilise Shanghai
After the chaos of the last few weeks, in which German and Japanese forces were restrained only by their national governments from beginning a war that would engulf the whole Far East, Shanghai needs a little old-fashioned stability. The Legation Cities may have failed, but the Paris of the East has not fallen!
Under Japanese Rule
With the Legation Cities' collapse, numerous parts of the international quarters are burning, permeated looting and destruction. After days of sporadic fighting, the Japanese have emerged as the victors, finally driving out the despicable Kaiser's troops back to Berlin. A victory parade has taken place with the marines of the IJN marching down Nanking road signalling a new era of peace, order, and prosperity. Asia shall be ruled by Asians!
Indulge Luxury
Now that Shanghai is ours, the crackdown on gambling shall cease. The new Shanghai shall be a place of pleasure and entertainment, a grand city attracting the most prominent of businessmen in Tokyo to come and visit our new territory. Because gambling is banned in the home islands; here in Shanghai, tourists can come and indulge themselves in games such as poker but also Japanese games like Pachinko. Whatever happens in Shanghai stays in Shanghai.
Japanese Entrepôt
As members of the Shanghai “nihonmachi”, we can contribute to the greater Asian economy by ordering goods from Japan. This encourages us to invest in Japan's booming economy while avoiding tariffs and taxes.
Employ the TMKKD
The Taishi Mondai Kaiketsu Kokumin Domei (TMKKD) or China Problems Settlement National League is our best bet at restoring order and promoting loyalty in Shanghai. A pro-Japanese group with Chinese and Japanese members, they seek closer ties with the Home Islands and are eager to help the authorities restore order by crushing dissidents on the streets.
Weapon Stockpiles
The Kiangnan Arsenal was once the most prominent weapons factory in East Asia. Now that we are in control of Shanghai, these weapons can be shipped back to the Home Islands, where the soldiers of the imperial army can better use them in their crusade for a new Asia.
Illicit Industries
There is no denying that Shanghai plays an essential role in China's heroin and opium industry. Similarly to how warlords in China feed their armies on the profit of opium, so shall we fund the Shanghai garrison with the revenue that “Shanghai Sally” brings.
Shanghai in the Japanese China
Thanks to Japan's intervention in the collapse of the legation cities, we have finally achieved freedom from the clutches of western imperialism. With his recent victories in Beijing and Nanjing, Marshal Zhang has announced that the Republic of China has returned. In the spirit of national unification, let us join him immediately.
Under German Protection
Shanghai has not fallen to the Japanese garrison, and the city government has turned to the Kaiserliche Marine to protect it. As part of the Reichspakt and Mitteleuropa, Shanghai now stands against the Japanese threat as a firm part of the Sino-German alliance.
Sino-German Collaboration
Despite Black Monday's ruinous effect on the German economy, there is no denying that the Germans possess economic and technological means beyond what we own. By working closer with Berlin, we will have access to their advisors and instructors to modernise Shanghai. Under the protection of Kaiser, Shanghai will become a city for all of Asia to admire.
Restore Chinese Civilian Government
The collapse of the legation cities has proven that an international mandate cannot lead Shanghai. With our resources spread thin, it would be best to have the local Chinese restore order - under our guidance, of course.
Unsavoury Allies
Working with the Green Gang and other triads may be seen as dishonourable however there is no denying the valuable intel and prosperity that we gain from collaboration. The triads have offered to aid in our efforts to restore order in Shanghai should we clear them of all their criminal evidence.
Fight the Green Gangs
The Green Gangs are responsible for the crime and corruption that is Shanghai. If Shanghai represents a new era of Asian prosperity, they cannot be allowed to exist. With the full strength of the Kempeitai and the TMKKD, we shall crush their degeneracy once and for all.
Abolish the Volunteer Force?
With the stationing of the Seebattalions and ships of the Kaiserliche Marine in Shanghai harbour, the German military presence has restored order in the city. With the collapse of the legation cities and the international garrisons, there will no longer be any need for the Shanghai Volunteer Force.
The Transfer of Power
The Germans have decided to begin the process of handover gradually. We have proven our loyalty, and now we reap the benefits. One day, Shanghai will be reunited with China and stand as the financial hub of a new modern China!
Support Chinese Allies
There is plenty of sympathy for the nationalist and republican factions within prominent businessmen in Shanghai. While we have traditionally preferred to help them on the sidelines, the Weltkrieg in Europe means that we will not have Germany's total strength to protect us from Japan. We should seek help and protection from the aspiring factions hoping we may one day be unified with them.
Choose a Side
For too long has Shanghai stood on the side as China became increasingly weak and divided. Now that there are growing factions who are willing to unify our country, it is time for us to pick our side once and for all. Shanghai will be the vanguard of a new modern China!
Maintain Western Rule
Our victory against the Japanese has proven one thing; Asians cannot lead Shanghai. They will need the gentle guide of western tutelage and the Prussian's stern military discipline to restore order. Under the Kaiser's protection, Shanghai will flourish.
Ensure Financial Openness
Under German leadership will the 
Secure the Streets
Despite the initial stabilisation of the Kaiserliche Marine, there are still plenty of pickpockets, thieves, and gangsters that stroll districts like Huangpu unopposed. With the help of local police officers and the German troops, we will cleanse such filthy streets. Order will finally be fully restored once and for all.
Ties to the AOG
The Aufsichtsrat der Ostasiatischen Generalverwaltung (AOG) has long dominated trade in East Asia, most German-owned businesses operate under their umbrella. Now that Shanghai is firmly under Germany's sphere of influence; we can reach out to the East Asian branch of Krupp for high quality German arms and war material.
Sailing with the Kaiserliche Marine
The Japanese will be coming to Shanghai, and there can be no doubt about the strength of the Imperial Japanese Navy. Nonetheless, we now have the resources and advisors of the world's greatest navy, the Kaiserliche Marine. Kiangnan Shipyard will be modernised under German standards to serve as a fitting station for the Kaiser's navy in East Asia.
Cooperate with the Southern Zhili
Our ties with the Southern Zhili must be strengthened in preparation for Japan's ambitions. Like us, they have recognised Germany's strength and are willing to cooperate to ensure that East Asia remains free of Japanese imperialism.
Vanguard against Japan
With the backing of the entire East Asia squadron and the Kaiser's Seebattalions, Shanghai now stands as the vanguard against Japanese imperialism! We will never let them end the city's prosperity, and we will not let them humiliate China further!
Subsidise Jardine, Matheson & Co
The trading company of Jardine, Matheson & Co is based in southern China and provides a vital lifeline for trade in Asia, by subsiding them we can reap benefits economically.
A Loan From HSBC
The Hong-Kong Shanghai Banking Corporation is one of the largest banks in Asia and a major issuer of currency, a loan from them would majorly shore up our currency reserves.
A Loan from Deutsch-Asiatische
The Deutsch-Asiatische Bank, or DAB, is one of the most stable banks in the Cities. Swelling our currency reserves with their ample cash reserves would be a good idea.
A Loan from Yokohama Bank
Yokohama Specie Bank is heavily involved in Chinese trade and therefore has ample interest in giving us a loan, allowing us to capitalise further and aid our efforts to recover from Black Monday.
A Loan from the Russo-Asiatic Bank
The Russo-Asiatic Bank is somewhat unstable, but they have weathered Black Monday fairly well and manage a great deal of business out of Tianjin, tapping them for assets is a sure thing.
The Gateway to Siberia
Vladivostok, the chief Russian port on the Pacific, gives us an access to vast wealth of Siberia, both through legal enterprise and more creative routes. Maintaining good connections to the Primorye business life will also enrichen us.
Ignoring French Crime
While many French took [BEL.GetAdjective] citizenship those who were unable to do so are now stateless people, and many have fallen on a life of crime. By taking kickbacks from the more respectable among them we can ensure a more equitable relationship.
Invest in Wheelock and Marden
Wheelock and Marden are a shipping company founded by British merchants that controls a large merchant fleet, by buying an interest in them we can increase their operations and profit in the long run.
Support Green Island Cement
Green Island Cement is a firm with origins on Hong Kong's Green Island, an a major manufacturer for the booming construction industry that has been faltering since Black Monday. Supporting them through this crisis is vital to ensure that we continue to profit.
Buy Out China Light & Power
Running much of the electrical infrastructure around Shanghai, CL&P is a firm struggling to make ends meet right now and ripe for a buyer to swoop in and add them to the assets of the Legation Cities.
Expand Shipping Lanes
Shipping is more vital than even to ensure we recover from Black Monday's shock-waves. By reaffirming our commitment to free trade we can reassure the market and get people investing again.
Expand Port Facilities
With increased volume of trade comes a need for more docking and portage, by dredging and expanding the estuary dockyards in Shanghai we can keep the city thriving.
Improve Land Infrastructure
Tram networks connect the cities internally and are vital to local commerce, by funding them we can keep everyone moving and happy.
Investing in China's Railways
Chinese railways have been the pet project of Europeans for decades, however some are badly dated and need proper direction to be upgraded.
Cooperate with Arnold & Karlberg
Arnold & Karlberg are an aviation company working to build planes in China, and by cooperating with them we can ensure we're at the forefront of this new industry.
Hong Kong Ferry Fees
The Hong Kong ferry service is run by a variety of companies, by imposing a per-head tax on passengers we can increase revenues.
Standardised Rates
Property rates are different across the cities, and so by standardising them we can rationalise our revenue streams and decrease waste.
Coal from Wuchang
Wuchang in the interior is a major producer of coal, and Tianjin just so happens to be in need of coal in order to fuel an expansion of the steel industry. By making the appropriate mining arrangements we can bring employment and prosperity to this tense outpost of civilisation.
The String of Pearls
A plan relating to the development of the cities beyond Shanghai has been put forward called the 'String of Pearls scheme', it aims to expand prosperity across all our regions and increase their output.
Speculate in Kowloon
The Kowloon peninsula is the newest part of Hong Kong and ripe for exploitation, land is available in an area with a huge demand for new space as the population swells.
The Tianjin Railway Hub
Tianjin is a crossroads in northern China, a gateway from Manchuria to Beijing and thence into Shandong and Luoyang. Expanding it is bound to help us.
Growing the Minor Cities
The minor cities are neglected in many ways, but by encouraging businesses to migrate there we can make them more profitable.
Electrifying China!
Electrification is the wave of the future, and with coal power well established in Shanghai we've developed an ambitious scheme to roll out electrical power all along the Yangtze basin.
Expand Shantou's Docking
Shantou to the south is a worthwhile dock, but it could be better. By expanding dry dock facilities and generally improving the cranes and cargo handling we can ensure a greater density of shipping comes through there.
Bypass the AOG
The AOG ports offer German merchants favourable terms of trade and cheap workers. By restructuring tax incentives we can encourage competition between us and defeat the German monopoly.
The Legation Dollar
The currency situation in the cities is intensely complicated, and makes commerce a headache. By introducing a new universal Legation Dollar we can rationalise trade and make China more open for everyone.
Pieces of a Puzzle
The Cities are just part of a wider puzzle, a puzzle called China. By seeing them as parts of a great interlocking web of commerce that goes beyond their borders we can unlock their true potential.
Universities of China
China's universities have been neglected for a long time, and now we are in a position to open new ones and make education available to all.
The Greater Shanghai Plan
Our cities are too spread out to be connected, and will fall easily in the event of conflict. Thus, we should try and make Shanghai the focus of industrial development. Our city shall always be the shining jewel of the East!
Renovate the Bund
The Shanghai Bund is the old dockland that handles a good percentage of China's trade. By funding renovations to it we can help create a new and vibrant hub for shipping globally.
Expand Secondary Industries
Trade creates wealth, not just from the goods themselves but services provided to sailors, wages stored in banks, fuelling, maintenance, stevedoring and accommodation. By supporting these secondary businesses we can increase the wealth of the Cities.
Speculation in the Neutral Zone
Land speculation is big business and nowhere more so than the most in-demand place in China. While the relative lawlessness of the neutral zone makes it hard to keep order there we can look at auctioning off some land there to raise funds.
The Estuary Dockyard
The Yangtze estuary is wide and deep and if dredged properly could be suitable for a military dockyard.
Refit the Jiangnan Arsenal
Sun Chuanfang and the Nanjing Clique stripped the Jiangnan Arsenal throughout the duration of the League of Eight Provinces, but now with Sun dead and the League collapsed, in these troubled times we should refit it and bring it back into operation.
Sponsor Shanghai University
Shanghai University has long been suspected of being a place of Syndicalist agitation, but it's also a major hub of higher education. Sponsoring it can expand our research capabilities.
Consolidate the Stock Exchanges
Consolidating Shanghai's two and Hong Kong's four stock exchanges into a single Municipal Stock Exchange is a complex, but worthwhile task. However, the British may not appreciate our undermining of their authority in Hong Kong.
The New Council Building
The Legation Council has need of a new building to impose authority over the city. A palatial complex of the latest architectural styles will take shape under our watch.
The Shanghai Yuan
Shanghai is the most vital city but it lacks a single coherent currency. By bringing in a new Shanghai Yuan we can ensure that businesses in the city avoid the complex matters of individual currencies.
In Defence of Commerce
The world is quickly becoming a dangerous place and the centre is unlikely to hold for much longer. When the time comes to defend the cities, it's not just the invisible hand of the free market we should strike with.
Renovate Wei Fort
Wei Fort is an old Boxer-era fort in Tianjin. Disarmed and vacated by the Qing per the treaties we should now renovate it and restore it for military use.
Renovate Hai Fort
Hai Fort is another old Boxer-era fort in Tianjin, aimed to protect against coastal aggression. Likewise to Wei Fort, renovating it is important for the future of the city's defence.
Reactivate the Gin Drinker's Line
The Gin Drinker's Line is an old coastal defence line in Hong Kong, built before the British Revolution in case of an invasion by Japan. The line itself has fallen into disrepair, but with some renovation it will be able to hold off any foe.
Fortifying Kowloon
Kowloon is the peninsula north of Hong Kong, where the most dangerous blows will be struck from the land. We should fortify it to remove some of the threat posed by the Guangdong warlords.
The Guns of Wusong
Wusong Fort in Shanghai is a dilapidated old fortification. We should restore with the finest new guns to keep the city and the heart of the mandate safe.
Fortify the Minor Cities
The minor cities of the Mandate must not be forgotten in our defensive plans. Preperations to protect them from assaults must be drawn up by reactivating old Chinese fortifications and constructing our own strongholds.
The Future of the Volunteer Force
The world is quickly changing and the volunteer force in its current form may not find itself in a suitable position to protect the cities. In particular, many are concerned about the lack of manpower for our Force. We might be able to get the Council to vote on a measure to increase conscription on those eligible to serve.
Expand the Volunteer Force
The volunteer force must grow larger if we're to defend ourselves from the instability in China, but we should also reform the force.
The Sick and Wounded Corps
First designed by Mabel St Clair Stobart in Britain in 1910, the Sick and Wounded Corps is still a truly modern hospital force. As a volunteer force every man is vital, so we must have proper medical care by replicating the WSWCC.
Lessons from the Weltkrieg
The Great War taught many of our officers important lessons, and by letting them collaborate on new manuals we can learn a good deal about warfare, conventional and unconventional.
Establish the Volunteer Flying Corps
Ah, those magnificent men and their flying machines. The volunteers are keen to use planes as well as ground-based arms, if only for prestige. Their military might will also be necessary in any upcoming war.
Pomp and Circumstance
Blow the trumpets, sound the bugles and let's have a parade! By showing off the glory of the Volunteer Corps this should encourage more to volunteer in our force.
Establish a Chinese Division
Chinese men have been used in the police force for some time, but establishing a formal volunteer Chinese division could be vital to our survival.
Special Training Squads
Selecting certain squads for specialised tactical training will help improve our efficiency and allow us to refine small sections of our forces...
Allow Chinese Officers
With the fallout of the League War finally calming many Chinese officers have escaped to the cities. These officers can make good additions to our ranks, provided they receive proper instruction of course.
Fairbairn's Commando Methods
'Dangerous Dan' has formulated a unique knife and bare-hand fighting style he calls Defendu, by teaching this as part of the standard curriculum we can ensure that our troops always work at peak efficiency.
Armour Training
Tanks are widely thought to be the way of the future, and by developing methods for their use in urban environments we can ensure a strong backbone for the cities in the future.
Preemptive Planning
Despite our ostensible international backing, the Cities have many enemies in China and we are likely to create more on the world stage. Our attack in inevitable and so we must begin to plan for this eventuality.
A Legationary Navy?
If we are to defend ourselves in this unstable time, we shall need a suitable naval detachment operating under our direct control. We will ask the Legation Council to vote on a motion that would grant us the beginnings of a navy from the fleets of the Council members.
Cutting Edge Ships
Our navy is new, and therefore has an opportunity to adopt the latest shipbuilding methods.
$LEC_voter1_last$, 
$LEC_voter2_last$, 
$LEC_voter3_last$, 
$LEC_voter4_last$, 
$LEC_voter5_last$, 
$LEC_voter6_last$, 
$LEC_voter7_last$, 
$LEC_voter8_last$, 
§Y[?global.LEC_voters^0.GetNameWithFlag]§!
§Y[?global.LEC_voters^1.GetNameWithFlag]§!
§Y[?global.LEC_voters^2.GetNameWithFlag]§!
§Y[?global.LEC_voters^3.GetNameWithFlag]§!
§Y[?global.LEC_voters^4.GetNameWithFlag]§!
§Y[?global.LEC_voters^5.GetNameWithFlag]§!
§Y[?global.LEC_voters^6.GetNameWithFlag]§!
§Y[?global.LEC_voters^7.GetNameWithFlag]§!
No Motion
Deutsch-Asiatische Bank Bailout
Creation of a Legationary Navy
Limited Conscription of International Citizens
Famine Relief for Sichuan Province
Restoration of Russian Voting Rights
Restoration of British Voting Rights
Removal of the Japanese Empire from the Legation Council
Removal of the German Empire from the Legation Council
Restoration of American Voting Rights on the Legation Council
Removal of [BEL.GetNameDef] from the Legation Council
GFX_LEC_intro
$legation_cities_events.1.t$
$legation_cities_events.1.d$
§MTool of the West§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Once the American civil war begins, have the Germans be part of the council and have over 18% support for the §POstchina Direktorium§! party and choose to elect the Germans for the high commissariat position.\n\n§MGateway to the East§! (§nNation Populist§!)\n£white_dot Have the Japanese be part of the council and have over 18% support for §nThe China Agency§! party and choose to elect the Japanese for the high commissariat position.\n\n§MAmerican Rule§! ($market_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Choose to elect the Americans for the high commissariat position (this option will always be available).\n\n§MBritish Rule§! ($social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot Ignore the British demands over Shanghai-Centrism.\n£white_dot An event about the British appointing a new consul in Shanghai or a new governor in Hong Kong should have appeared before clicking the decision to appoint the new commissariat, otherwise, the option to appoint British will not appear.\n£white_dot After the previous condition was met, have over 18% support for §cThe Hong Kong Club§! party and choose to elect the British for the high commissariat position.\n\n§MCollapse§! - §MGerman Puppet§! / §MJapanese Puppet§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have the currency reserves reach the minimum level and let the mission \
Let's see how this goes...
Approve the motion
Deny the motion
Abstain
Open For Business!
Formed under the shadow of a possible German-Japanese war by American mediation, the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions, colloquially known as the Legation Cities, is emblematic of both the failure of China to successfully resist foreign imperialism and the American push for the 'Open Door' policy, under which all nations should have equal access to one of the world's largest markets. Shanghai's reach goes beyond her limits, and beyond the thirty mile 'neutral zone' that has become a haven for criminals, all the way up the Yangtze in a sprawling path of railroads, factories and telegraph lines that forms the beating heart of Chinese industry. Money comes and goes like water in the cities at all levels of society.\n\nTo the north Tianjin is the world's entrepôt for Beijing and a thriving hub of railway speculation for all of China, to the south is old Hong Kong: a last guttering ember of British glory kept alive by her fine harbour and access to southern China. At the beating heart of it all lies Shanghai, a diamond plucked from the hands of China and polished to a mirror shine. The Paris of the East is in its heyday, the streets hum with electricity, the opium dens curl with mysterious smoke and the westerners spend money like it is going out of fashion and make it just as fast.\n\nAll of course, is not as it appears. Under the golden surface of Shanghai lies a terrifying underbelly of murder, intrigue and revolution.
What a world.
Voting Rights in the Legation Council
The Legation Cities were formed in 1928 as a result of the Americans intervening in a Japanese-Chinese conflict that was going to spill over into open war between ourselves and the Japanese. When a passenger train was attacked by Chinese warlords, America saw the opportunity to mediate not only in order to create a more permanent solution to the instability in the East, but also enshrine the Open Door Policy in China, which allows all powers equal access to Chinese markets.\n\nConsisting of all official concessions in China as well as a thirty-mile neutral zone, the Legation Cities, officially known as the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions, also host a forum, the Legation Council, for the various powers with interests in China to resolve disputes and work together. As the foremost European power in the east, we naturally are able to vote on the Council, and further our Eastern agenda.
The Legation Cities were formed in 1928 as a result of the Americans intervening in the Zhili-Fengtian conflict that they believed was going to spill over into open war between ourselves and the Zhili and their German backers. When a passenger train was attacked by Chinese warlords, America saw the opportunity to mediate not only in order to create a more permanent solution to the instability in the East, but also enshrine the Open Door Policy in China, which allows all powers equal access to Chinese markets.\n\nConsisting of all official concessions in China as well as a thirty-mile neutral zone, the Legation Cities, officially known as the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions, also host a forum, the Legation Council, for the various powers with interests in China to coordinate their policies better. As the foremost power in the Far East, we naturally are able to vote on the Council, and both further our Chinese agenda and stymie our enemies'.
The Legation Cities were formed in 1928 as a result of our intervention in the Zhili-Fengtian conflict that was soon going to spill over into open war between the two other powers in the Far East, Germany and Japan. While we obviously wished to end the conflict, we also found it in our power to create a lasting solution to the imperial rivalry in China as well as push our Open Door Policy, so we forced the other powers to merge their concessions in China into one conglomerate.\n\nConsisting of all official concessions in China as well as a thirty-mile neutral zone, the Legation Cities, officially known as the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions, also host a forum, the Legation Council, for the various powers with interests in China to resolve disputes and work together. Naturally we have a vote on this Council, and we are often the deciding factor between the Japanese and Germans, with the secondary powers mostly playing second fiddle to us. Our voice is usually one that speaks for keeping the status quo of an Open Door to China for all powers, which helpfully lets everyone benefit without having to involve themselves with individual Chinese factions. To American citizens, the Legation Cities represents not only a great way to get rich, but a shining example of American forward thinking and our commitment to peace.
The Legation Cities were formed in 1928 as a result of the Americans intervening in the Zhili-Fengtian conflict that they believed was going to spill over into open war between the Japanese and their Fengtian puppets and the Zhili and their German backers. When a passenger train was attacked by Chinese warlords, America saw the opportunity to mediate not only in order to create a more permanent solution to the instability in the East, but also enshrine the Open Door Policy in China, which allows all powers equal access to Chinese markets.\n\nConsisting of all official concessions in China as well as a thirty-mile neutral zone, the Legation Cities, officially known as the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions, also host a forum, the Legation Council, for the various powers with interests in China to cooperate in Far Eastern policy. Though the Austro-Hungarian Empire does have a voting position on this council, we mostly abstain on the harebrained plans proposed by the Americans, Germans, and Japanese, supporting only such self-evidently reasonable motions as economic relief for the Chinese and our own citizens.
The Legation Cities were formed in 1928 as a result of the Americans intervening in the Zhili-Fengtian conflict that they believed was going to spill over into open war between the Japanese and their Fengtian puppets and the Zhili and their German backers. When a passenger train was attacked by Chinese warlords, America saw the opportunity to mediate not only in order to create a more permanent solution to the instability in the East, but also enshrine the Open Door Policy in China, which allows all powers equal access to Chinese markets.\n\nConsisting of all official concessions in China as well as a thirty-mile neutral zone, the Legation Cities, officially known as the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions, also host a forum, the Legation Council, for the various powers with interests in China to cooperate in Far Eastern policy. As a power with extensive concessions in Tianjin and parts of inland China, Flanders-Wallonia does have a voting position on this council. Though we mostly provide support for German proposals in the Council, we have been known to adopt American positions whenever they seem more reasonable or beneficial to our citizens.
A perfect arrangement!
How exciting!
Observer Rights on the Legation Council
The Legation Cities, officially known as the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions, were formed in 1928 after the Jade Wind incident, when a European passenger train was attacked by Kuomintang bandits. While mostly designed to halt the Zhili-Fengtian conflict that was destabilising the Far East, the Americans also intended it to serve as a tool of their Open Door Policy, allowing access to Chinese markets to all western nations and Japan. As the active arm of German policy in Asia, many of our diplomats serve as delegates in the Legation Council in Shanghai, though Berlin is actually the one to formulate policy in the Council itself. Berlin rarely concerns itself below this level, though, and we are mostly responsible for managing most of the German day-to-day and covert activities in the Legation Cities. Most of our dealings in China actually involve going around the International Mandate, however, and we have many semi-legal extraterritorial concessions in our ally Sun Chuanfang's League of Eight Provinces. Should chaos erupt in China, Nanjing is probably our only true friend.
When the British Empire collapsed in 1925, the then-governor of Hong Kong invited troops from Germany and other great powers with presences in China to occupy the British concessions to protect them from the Chinese. This sparked a covert conflict between Americans, Japanese, Germans, which was finally ended by America in 1928 when the Legation Cities, officially known as the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions, were formed. As is the case throughout the world, though Germany makes use of our imperial possessions, we still theoretically maintain ownership of them. So it is in China, where our extensive concessions guarantee us a seat on the Legation Council. By that same coin, however, the German refusal to recognise the government in Ottawa as a responsible British government denies us a vote in Shanghai.\n\nAs the guarantor of British interests in the Far East, Canberra is generally responsible for the active maintenance of the Chinese concessions. As such, we have the influence and the opportunity to try and gain recognition from our concessions and regain our vote in the Council - or at the very least achieve the return of Hong Kong.
When the British Empire collapsed in 1925, the then-governor of Hong Kong invited troops from Germany and other great powers with presences in China to occupy the British concessions to protect them from the Chinese. This sparked a covert conflict between Americans, Japanese, Germans, which was finally ended by America in 1928 when the Legation Cities, officially known as the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions, were formed. As is the case throughout the world, though Germany makes use of our imperial possessions, we still theoretically maintain ownership of them. So it is in China, where our extensive concessions guarantee us a seat on the Legation Council. By that same coin, however, the German refusal to recognise the government in Ottawa as a responsible British government denies us a vote in Shanghai.\n\nAs the guarantor of British interests in the Far East, Canberra is generally responsible for the active maintenance of the Chinese concessions, and our disengagement allows us to focus on regaining George V's throne. Should Australasia fall into instability, however, we would be obligated to take their place in the Cities.
When Britain's Empire collapsed, the three great powers of the Far East (Japan, Germany, and the United States) fought over the British concessions in a cold war for dominance over Chinese trade and influence. When America intervened to keep the peace, they created the Legation Cities, enforcing their Open Door Policy on Germany and Japan, both of whom desired sole access to Chinese markets for their own gain. When the Council for the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions (colloquially known as the Legation Council) was created, a seat was granted to Russia because of our concessions in Tianjin.\n\nThe debacle in Manchuria, where we clashed with the Chinese and the Japanese forces in Manchuria in 1928 was deemed to be outrageous breach of the treaties establishing the Legation Council, and in rare unified front by Berlin and Tokyo, our voting rights were temporarily frozen 'until Moscow is willing to respect treaties it agreed to.' In practice, this was an excuse to remove us - ally of United States in the council - from Chinese politics. It is unlikely our rights are restored if it is up to the Germans or the Japanese.
The Legation Cities, officially known as the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions, were formed in 1928 after the Jade Wind incident, when a European passenger train was attacked by Kuomintang bandits. While mostly designed to halt the Zhili-Fengtian conflict that was destabilising the Far East, the Americans also intended it to serve as a tool of their Open Door Policy, allowing access to Chinese markets to all western nations and Japan.\n\nPursuant to these imperialist aims, the Beijing government has been cut out of all decision-making processes on the Legation Council, despite nominally 'leasing' their territory from us. We have observer status on the Council, and are able to get a view into the decisions being taken in their meetings, but beyond that our interactions with the body are limited at the governmental level.
The Legation Cities, officially known as the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions, were formed in 1928 after the Jade Wind incident, when a European passenger train was attacked by Kuomintang bandits. While mostly designed to halt the Zhili-Fengtian conflict that was destabilising the Far East, the Americans also intended it to serve as a tool of their Open Door Policy, allowing access to Chinese markets to all western nations and Japan.\n\nPursuant to these imperialist aims, the rightful Chinese government has been cut out of all decision-making processes on the Legation Council, despite nominally 'leasing' their territory from us. We have observer status on the Council, and are able to get a view into the decisions being taken in their meetings, but beyond that our interactions with the body are limited at the governmental level.
We deserve a voice in Shanghai!
Berlin will handle our affairs in Shanghai...or at least the official ones.
The Council Votes on the Legation Navy
The High Commissioner has convened the council to vote on a special motion - whether or not to allow the Legation Cities a fleet of its own. With the world growing more polarised and war-torn by the day, it is only natural that the isolated Legation Cities should look to their own defence, and not have to rely on foreign navies, many of them currently active in their own theatres of war. We hope they are smart enough to see how much they need us, and provide some ships for us.
Let them vote wisely, O Lord.
The Council Votes on the Legation Navy
The High Commissioner has convened the council to vote on a special motion - whether or not to allow the Legation Cities a fleet of its own. With the world growing more polarised and war-torn by the day, it is only natural that the isolated Legation Cities should look to their own defence - but can we afford to spare the cost of providing a ship for their fleet?
The Results of the Legation Navy Vote
The vote on whether or not to let the Legation Cities have their own navy has ended and it seems that the motion has...
Been accepted!
Been denied.
Black Monday Arrives!
As a hub of global finance Shanghai can hardly avoid Black Monday, coming as it does with the crash of the Berlin stock market in response to excessive issuing of German government bonds. Investors hurriedly look to their portfolios and major industries suffer, though those supplying basic needs and services to China as a whole will likely ride out the crisis quite quickly.
The horror! The horror!
The Legation Navy Arrives in Shanghai
The international force of ships has arrived in Shanghai to reform into the Navy of the Legation Cities. All-new crews will be drafted from the cities, so there are no split loyalties, and a new admiralty has been formed, with Reginald Yorke Tyrwhit becoming First Admiral. This is a great day for the Legation Cities!
Hoorah!
1936 Budget Finalised
The debate over the budget of 1936 started late last year, and finished quickly. China, and by extension the Legation Cities, was judged stable. There were no extenuating circumstances calling for the devotion of funds to any particular area of government, so a simple allocation of one million dollars was granted to the Legation Council to spend how it wished until the start of the next fiscal year. One thing that was agreed upon was to start the debate earlier, as things might not be so good by the end of 1936 as they were at the end of 1935.
We can always find a use for money.
Restoring the Russian Vote?
When the Legation Cities were founded, Russia, as a nation with Chinese concessions, was naturally given voting rights on the Council under presidency of Aleksandr Guchkov. Russia was a diplomatic ally of the United States, which drew ire of both Berlin and Tokyo. They found an excuse to torpedo the Russian influence in aftermath of the 1928 Fengtian Conflict, where Russia had briefly invaded Manchuria and clashed with the Japanese forces. Based on their interpretation of the founding treaties of the Legation Council, the matter of Chinese Eastern Railway should have been brought for the Council to decide, and Russian use of military force in China was condemned by Tokyo, Berlin and Brussels. This led to Russia, a founding member of the council, being demoted to mere observer in practice, without voting rights. But with late geopolitical shifts, the ambassador from Moscow has urged us to restore voting rights to his government.\n\nSince this is quite a substantive matter, it is technically supposed to go through the Legation Council. However, since it is unlikely that Japan or Germany, both rivals of the Russians, would ever let it pass, we can instead simply let the Chair of the Legation Council push it through on a Point of Order. While this would provide a powerful new voter with no ties to the Japanese or Germans, it would probably upset some powers on the Council.
The Legation Council must vote.
This is solely a procedural matter.
The Legation Council Votes on Restoring the Russian Voting Rights
The Russian vote in the Legation Council was frozen after their military adventure in Manchuria in 1928, largely because of German and Japanese diplmatic pressure. Citing changed circumstances, the matter of restoring the Russian voting rights has been put again on the table. As a founding memver, it would seem only proper for the Russian voting rights to be restored. However, Russia is undoubtedly a geopolitical threat to the nations of Eurasia, and some question if it would be wise to so easily grant them more influence.
The Legation Council Votes on Restoring Our Vote
When the Legation Cities were founded, Russia, as a nation with Chinese concessions, was naturally given voting rights on the Council under presidency of Aleksandr Guchkov. Russia was a diplomatic ally of the United States, which drew ire of both Berlin and Tokyo. They found an excuse to torpedo the Russian influence in aftermath of the 1928 Fengtian Conflict, where Russia had briefly invaded Manchuria and clashed with the Japanese forces. Based on their interpretation of the founding treaties of the Legation Council, the matter of Chinese Eastern Railway should have been brought for the Council to decide, and Russian use of military force in China was condemned by Tokyo, Berlin and Brussels. This led to Russia, a founding member of the council, being demoted to mere observer in practice, without voting rights.\n\nThe Chair has decided to call for a vote on whether or not to restore our rights. If there is any justice in this world, we will naturally regain them, but we cannot discount the malice and jealousy of Tokyo and Berlin.
Let the Council see sense.
The Results of the Vote on Russian Voting Rights
The vote on whether or not to restore voting rights to the Russian government has ended. Though smaller states supported the motion as an invaluable counterbalance against Germany and Japan, but many follow their lead as well. In the end, it seems the motion has been...
Accepted!
Denied.
Russia is Granted Voting Rights on the Legation Council
It seems that the Legation Council has granted Russia the right to vote on the Legation Council. While this is undoubtedly correct procedure, not consulting the Council for a vote sets a worrying precedent, and threatens Japanese and German precedence. Unfortunately, however, we have no choice but to accept this for now.
It cannot happen again.
Our Voting Rights Are Restored!
The Legation Council, after a contentious debate, has elected to restore our voting rights on the Legation Council. Finally, there is some justice in the world. This is a great day for Russia and Asia as a whole!
Great news!
The Legation Council Votes Against Restoring Our Voting Rights
The Legation Council has voted not to restore our voting rights, citing both the irrelevance of our concessions and our aggressive actions in the East as reasons. It would seem that fear of Japan and Germany has triumphed against common sense and hope for the future.
So much for international cooperation.
The League of Eight Provinces Collapses
Since the end of the Northern Expedition, the Southern Zhili Clique has ruled south-western China as the League of Eight Provinces. Over this time, they became closely allied with the Germans and the AOG, which provided the Clique with much wealth but also was its undoing. It seems that anti-concessionist peasants rising in the streets, the secession of Anhui Province, and the assassination of Sun Chuanfang have combined to make the League seem vulnerable to those who would gain from its destruction.\n\nThe Kuomintang have risen up again in Fujian, the [SHD.GetAdjective] threaten the northern borders, and [ANQ.GetNameDef] has struck westward against the Nanjing Clique, now led by [LEP.GetLeader]. Meanwhile, Hunan and the Federalists in Liangguang have abandoned the League, hoping to wait out the storm and strike at an opportunity. To many, it seems that the Zhili order is failing. Some, too are concerned about the anti-concessionist tendencies of the Kuomintang, and certain of the northern warlords.
Worrisome news.
Refugees Flood into the Cities
Fleeing the chaos that followed the collapse of Sun Chuanfang's League, thousands of refugees have poured into the neutral zones. This is not yet too much for our administration to handle, but it is not helping stabilise the Cities after Black Monday.
Come one, come all, it would seem.
Conflict Leads to Market Instability
It would seem that market confidence in the Legation Mandate has plummeted after the recent initiation of hostilities in the region. Though the Council has assured investors that the Cities will undoubtedly remain afloat throughout the duration of the conflict, many have refused to endorse a forum that does not promote the peace it says it does.
I don't give a wooden nickel about your pacifism!
Vote on Aid to Sichuan?
Sichuan is currently experiencing a terrible famine, and is struggling to respond cohesively. They have sent emissaries to ask the Legation Council to vote on a motion to provide their government with funds to open up a new avenue of grain imports. We can probably afford the cost, but many in our bureaucracy wonder if it would really go to the Sichuanese people, or into the warlords' pockets.
Of course we will help the people of Sichuan!
The Legation Council Votes on Providing Aid to Sichuan Province
The southern Chinese province of Sichuan is currently experiencing a terrible famine, and is struggling to save its people. They have requested that the Legation Council authorise the Legation Cities to help them open up new sources of grain until the land can recover. Many experts on Chinese politics, however, warn that the money we send for famine relief could just go directly into Sichuanese warlords' pockets.
The Legation Council Votes on Aid
In response to our plea for help, the Legation Council has agreed to vote on providing aid to us. This could mean everything to the starving people of Sichuan.
Good for the Council!
The Results of the Sichuan Famine Aid Vote
After much discussion, it seems a consensus has been reached. The motion to provide famine aid to Sichuan Province has been...
Accepted!
Denied.
Legation Council Refuses to Vote on Famine Relief
The Legation Council has refused to even consider providing us with famine aid, claiming that our 'rampant corruption' and 'lack of responsible government' would render their money useless to the people of Sichuan. It seems we will have to make do on our own.
And they say we are the uncivilised ones...
Legation Council Votes Yes on Famine Relief!
There was much celebration in Chengdu today as the news of the Legation Council's vote became known. They have voted to grant us fifty thousand dollars to import another large shipment of grain for our starving people. This is great news for the people of Sichuan!
These Westerners don't seem so bad.
Legation Council Votes No on Famine Relief
Though we lobbied extensively, and seemed to have much support in the Council, it seems that Germany has successfully led the Council to vote against providing us aid. It would seem that they consider our political system to hostile to European interests and values, and that any money given to us would go straight into [SZC.GetLeader]'s pockets. We will be getting no help from that quarter.
Greedy imperialists!
The Vote Fails!
The most recent vote in the Legation Council has failed by a narrow margin. It cannot be proposed again.
Interesting.
The Vote Passes!
The most recent vote in the Legation Council has passed by a comfortable majority. It will now be implemented.
Interesting.
Legation Council Votes on Next Year's Budget
The [GetYear] budget is going to expire within two months, and the Legation Council members have been called together to decide on the focus for next year. With the instability in China threatening to overflow into our borders, some have recommended focusing on the military and defence. Others have recommended increasing funds in the other facets of conflict, taking in refugees and keeping good relations with Beijing. Yet another suggestion is to focus on ridding ourselves of the last malingering effects of Black Monday. What should we choose?
We should just get more money.
We should devote more funding towards the volunteer force.
We need industrial aid!
We need more money in immigration management.
The Legation Council Expands Operations
The Legation Council has recently renewed its focus on expanding the profits of free trade for all its member states. They have encouraged Chinese manufactures to lower their prices, promising them to compensate in other ways, while they have encouraged other middlemen to lower tariffs as well. As such, our businesses are now reaping the fruits of Chinese labour.
Our workers will enjoy the holiday.
Anti-Concessionists Attack Inland Concessions!
During the fallout of the League War, several international concessions in inland China, such as the ones in Hangkow, Xiamen, and Chinkiang, have been raided by anti-concessionist troops and bandits. It seems that Nanjing is not going to win the war quickly and without damage to international property. Thus, the Legation Council has authorised the International Volunteer Force to be deployed to the inland concessions, to defend them against the Kuomintang and anti-concessionist rabble.
Deploy the Force throughout China.
Qing Supports Anti-Concessionists!
In response to the secession of Anhui Province from the Southern Zhili League of Eight Provinces, the Qing government in Beijing has decided to support the Anqing Clique. The Zhili government hopes to utilise the popular anti-concessionism throughout inland China to boost their government's popularity, it seems. Unfortunately for the Zhili, they also have cut themselves off from German help and recognition.
Terrible!
Volunteer Force Officers Protest Overspecialisation
After our recent installation alongside the Germans of coastal defences in our minor cities, several members of our Volunteer Force Officer Corps have come forward, presenting a proposal for transitioning several of the newly built coastal fortifications into land-based ones. They claim that overinvesting in naval defences could leave us vulnerable to a Chinese attack from the land. Should we adopt their proposal?
They are right, we should adopt their plans.
The Chinese would never dare attack us!
Germany Sends Troops to Shanghai
Citing security concerns following the collapse of the German ally in Nanjing, the Germans have sent more troops to the volunteer force in Shanghai, as well as reinforcing their own divisions in the Cities. This has increased German popularity in the Cities, as well as boosting our manpower.
We can always use more men, I suppose.
The Legation Cities Ask to Join the Reichspakt
The theoretical web of international guarantees of the Legation Cities' integrity have always been of doubtful security. With our diplomat in Shanghai acting as the head of the Legation Council, the Cities have applied to join our alliance. They shall be a useful tool to fight off the Japanese, surely, but some argue they will drag us into unwinnable wars in China.
Welcome to the Reichspakt!
It's too much of a commitment.
Germany Accepts!
The Germans have accepted our proposition of joining their alliance. We now have the protection of the Kaiserliche Marine as well as set German diplomatic support.
Great!
Germany Refuses
Berlin has apparently seen accepting us into their alliance as too much of a security risk and have refused. We shall face the Japanese alone.
Damn!
Germany Demands the Removal of [BEL.GetName]!
Since [BEL.GetName] has left the German sphere of influence, the Germans have raised a motion in the Legation Council to remove the [BEL.GetAdjective]s and confiscate their concession, citing their 'obvious international instability.
Let's put it to a vote.
This is ridiculous!
That makes sense to me.
[LEC.GetNameDefCap] Refuses to Remove [BEL.GetNameDef]
It seems that the Legation Council has refused to even consider the idea of removing [BEL.GetName] from the Council, completely dismissing our references to obvious [BEL.GetAdjective] instability as 
That council is completely biased against us!
[LEC.GetNameDefCap] Agrees to Remove [BEL.GetNameDef]
The Legation Council has seen the obvious instability and erraticism of [BEL.GetName], and has accordingly confiscated its concessions in Tianjin and the mainland of China in the name of the Beijing government. They have also removed the [BEL.GetAdjective] government from the Legation Council, all without anyone else being able to say a single thing in open session! This is a clear coup for German diplomacy!
They saw sense.
The Legation Council Confiscates Our Concessions
Since we escaped from the German sphere of influence, the Germans have been diplomatically isolating us in every way possible. We have had high tariffs exporting to all countries in Mitteleuropa, we have been forced out of the Reichspakt, and Antwerp has been almost severed from our grasp. As the latest item in the long list of insults, it seems the Germans have successfully petitioned to have us removed from the Legation Council in Shanghai. While our Chinese concessions were never truly a priority, this offence still rankles. On a more positive note, we are no longer responsible for many of the French nationals in the Cities that we previously extended citizenship to.
I never cared much about Tianjin.
The Legation Council Removes [BEL.GetNameDefCap]
The Germans have been diplomatically isolating Brussels since the [BEL.GetAdjective]s kicked out the German monarch and garrisons in the [BEL.GetAdjective] Revolution. The latest step has been to persuade the High Commissioner of [LEC.GetNameDef] to confiscate [BEL.GetName]'s concessions in the name of the Beijing government and remove them from the Legation Council. The strict correctness of this move, held without a vote, has been questioned by many in Shanghai, but for now the German coup is fait accompli.
They never cared, really...
The Legation Council Votes on Confiscating [BEL.GetNameDef]'s Concessions
The High Commissioner has moved to consider the German ambassador's request for [BEL.GetName]'s removal from the Council. It is likely that all parties who wish to dominate the Council will vote to remove an unnecessary, possibly hostile, third party from the Council, while those who espouse multi-polarism, such as the British, Austrians, and Americans will probably vote no. Only time will tell.
Time and chance happens to them all.
The Legation Council Votes on Removing the Belgians
The Germans have been diplomatically isolating Brussels since the [BEL.GetAdjective]s kicked out the German monarch and garrisons in the [BEL.GetAdjective] Revolution. The latest step has been to persuade the High Commissioner of [LEC.GetNameDef] to hold a vote on confiscating [BEL.GetName]'s concessions in the name of the Beijing government and removing them from the Legation Council. This could possibly reshape the power dynamic of the Legation Council for years to come.
The Results of the Vote on Removing [BEL.GetNameDef]
The vote for removing [BEL.GetName] from the Legation Council has expired and it seems that the motion has...
Been accepted.
Been denied!
The Status of the Belgian Concessions
With the dissolution of the Belgian government, the status of their concessions has fallen into doubt. The Chinese government has consented to grant a new concession to neither the Flemish government nor the Belgian government-in-exile in Canada, and it seems the small Belgian outpost in Tianjin has fallen back into Chinese hands, though it will naturally still be administered by the Legation Cities for now.
With the revolution in Belgium, the status of their concessions has fallen into doubt. The Belgian government has informed the Mandate that they will no longer wish to participate in an imperialist structure. The Chinese government has not consented to grant the concession to the Belgian government-in-exile in Canada, so it seems the small Belgian outpost in Tianjin has fallen back into Chinese hands, though it will naturally still be administered by the Legation Cities for now.
Confiscate that warehouse!
The Fate of the Belgian Concessions in China
As the legal successor to many of Flanders-Wallonia's overseas commitments, we were expecting to succeed the Belgians in their position on the Legation Council, as well. Instead, it seems that the International Mandate has declared that the concessions have reverted to the Chinese government, and we no longer have any rights or responsibilities in China. Naturally, this is something of a diplomatic disappointment, but at least we don't have to take care of all those Francophones in the Legation Cities any more.
Since our revolution, many in our government have urged [ROOT.GetLeader] to abrogate our responsibilities to the imperialist Legation Council. Now he finally has, and though we may no longer have unfettered access to Chinese markets we at least have the moral high ground.
Good riddance
Belgian Concessions Are Confiscated
It seems the Legation Council has confiscated Flanders-Wallonia's concessions and removed their ambassador from the Council. Though theoretically their concessions now revert back to us, it is likely that the Legation Council will now administer them, since they lie in the neutral zone in Tianjin. Indeed, it is not impossible that another consular power may attempt to buy them from us or the Council. For now, though, many privately rejoice at the end of one of the unequal treaties.
Goodbye!
Removing Japan from the Legation Council
The Japanese are a threat to the stability of Asia, and they must be punished, at least formally. We should remove them from the Legation Council and confiscate the concessions we control, but how?
We should vote on it.
Remove them without a vote.
We Are Removed from the Legation Council
The Legation Council has stepped beyond its bounds completely, apparently. In closed session, without any of our delegates present or informed, the Legation Council has speedily removed the Empire of Japan from the Council! The audacity of this arrangement is furthered by the fact that the Legation Council was originally supposed to be a platform for mediation between ourselves, the Chinese, and the Germans, and now a crucial party is gone. Our government and diplomatic corps have only learned about this development in the morning papers, and we are being called upon by the army to put together a coherent response, one that will doubtless give the military a mandate to strike the Cities and end Western domination of China once and for all.
This is an outrage!
The Legation Council Removes Japan
The German High Commissioner, and thus the Legation Council, has removed the Japanese Empire from the Legation Council today. This has predictably infuriated the Japanese, who are demanding an apology and immediate restoration of their rights, both of which seem unlikely. Many nations have already withdrawn their guarantees from the Legation Cities, having no wish to defend the Cities from the probable Japanese attack. What should we do?
This was a lawful decision, we shall back Shanghai.
We must abandon our guarantees!
The Legation Council Votes on Confiscating Japan's Concessions
Ambassador Bodenheimer has introduced the motion to remove Japan from the Legation Council, and voting has begun. Only time will tell if the Japanese monster will be stopped.
The Japanese must be contained!
The Legation Council Votes on Confiscating Japan's Concessions
The Japanese Empire has been a force of instability in Asia since the end of isolationism, and their assertiveness has been hardly contained by global alliances and treaties since then. Now it seems that even the Legation Cities have failed to stop the Japanese aggression in Asia. The Council has asserted itself and the High Commissioner has started a vote to remove the Japanese from the Council. How should we vote?
The Legation Council has treacherously entertained a motion to remove us from the Council! We have done absolutely nothing to merit this treatment, but these westerners seem determined to isolate our great Empire once again. If we are to escape diplomatic isolation, our men in Shanghai must move quickly to prevent this measure from passing.
The Results of the Vote on Removing Japan from the Council
The results of the vote on removing Japan from the Council has ended, and it seems that Germany's motion has...
Passed!
Failed.
The Legation Council Votes Against Us
The devious Europeans and Americans have voted to remove us from the Legation Council! Our diplomats have been expelled from the Council chamber, as well as from the municipal councils of the individual Cities. Our forces have also been formally asked to leave the Cities. The government and military are demanding military action to erase this loss of pride!
These imperialists know no bounds!
The Legation Council Removes Japanese Concessions
The Japanese have apparently overstepped their bounds in the Legation Cities, and the Council has removed them. Though there is still much Japanese influence in Manchuria, this is a great day for the prospect of an independent China.
Another unequal treaty gone!
The Imperial Coup in Beijing
Instability in the Qing central government seems to have led to dramatic regime change in Beijing. Power has always been held by Wu Peifu and his Zhili Clique, but now it seems they have lost power to a renewed imperial faction, backed by friendly warlords to the south-east and west. As part of this transition, the new regime has blamed foreign meddling for the prior power struggle, and many in the Legation Cities now fear that a new era of official anti-concessionism has begun in the north. Some now call for withdrawing diplomatic recognition of the Qing government, and recognising either the Southern Zhili or the Fengtian Cliques as the legitimate government of China.
Let's hope things get a little better.
Currency Reserves Exhausted
The Legation Council's day-to-day functions rely heavily on the currency reserves in the Shanghai Banking Corporation's vaults. These, unfortunately, have run rather low, and the prevailing uncertainty in the world means that the Cities have almost no credit to run on. Without money, the Legation Cities could probably not continue to function normally. If we do not increase the money in our vault soon, the Council might have to terminate its Mandate.
Hopefully things won't get that bad.
The Council Declares Bankruptcy
After some days of hard deliberation, the Council had made a decision. The Legation Cities have conclusively failed as a project. There is no money in the reserves, the powers' interests are not being served, and average quality of life is plummeting. Thus, the International Mandate over all Chinese concessions was determined to have ended, and negotiations with the Beijing government would begin. City commissioners vehemently objected to this decision, as well as many bureaucrats, but the ambassadors have left the Council chamber and returned to their own residences, guarded by national troops. In the streets, Japanese and German troops have already begun making aggressive moves, and the Chinese are in the streets all through the Cities. Soon, chaos will overtake us.
We tried our best.
The Occupation of Fuzhou
The Legation Council has gone bankrupt, spelling an end to the International Mandate. Now, as Shanghai devolves into street fights and chaos, the outlying cities of the Mandate are left unprotected. In Fuzhou, rioters and gangs already have taken control of the streets, and responsible government seems in short supply. Should we reclaim Fuzhou for China?
It is vulnerable, take it!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Occupies Fuzhou
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has sent their forces into Fuzhou, citing the obvious desire of the people of Fuzhou to be reunited with the Chinese nation. With the chaos in Shanghai and the armed forces, we simply cannot spare the resources to fight a war with China right now.
Awful!
The Occupation of Ningbo
The Legation Council has gone bankrupt, spelling an end to the International Mandate. Now, as Shanghai devolves into street fights and chaos, the outlying cities of the Mandate are left unprotected. In Ningbo, rioters and gangs have mostly been suppressed, and the city police are slowly regaining control. Still, they could hardly put up any opposition to an occupation from the mainland. Should we reclaim Ningbo for China?
It is vulnerable, take it!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Occupies Ningbo
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has sent their forces into Ningbo, citing the obvious desire of the people of Ningbo to be reunited with the Chinese nation, even though our armed forces were close to reasserting control. With the chaos in Shanghai and the armed forces, we simply cannot spare the resources to fight a war with China right now.
Awful!
The Occupation of Shantou
The Legation Council has gone bankrupt, spelling an end to the International Mandate. Now, as Shanghai devolves into street fights and chaos, the outlying cities of the Mandate are left unprotected. In Shantou, rioters have taken over the government and have elected to be annexed into our nation. Should we reclaim Shantou for China?
It is vulnerable, take it!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Occupies Shantou
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has sent their forces into Shantou, citing the obvious desire of the people of Shantou to be reunited with the Chinese nation. With the chaos in Shanghai and the armed forces, we simply cannot spare the resources to fight a war with China right now.
Awful!
The Occupation of Tianjin
The Legation Council has gone bankrupt, spelling an end to the International Mandate. Now, as Shanghai devolves into street fights and chaos, the outlying cities of the Mandate are left unprotected. In Tianjin, rioters and gangs have mostly been suppressed, and the city police are slowly regaining control, aided by the Japanese and prominent Triads, all of whom are trying to secure the city for one faction or another. Still, they could hardly put up any opposition to an occupation from the mainland. Should we reclaim Tianjin for China?
It is vulnerable, take it!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Occupies Tianjin
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has occupied Tianjin, unwilling to let such a major city fall into the hands of the Japanese or even base criminals. While this is a blow to the Mandate, we can do nothing about this now.
Awful!
The Occupation of Hong Kong
In the ailing days of their empire, British authorities frantically tried to maintain imperial control over the valuable port of Hong Kong, contributing the formation of the Legation Cities. In a reversal however, the Australasian government had secured control over the city from the Legations on behalf of the Entente.\n\nThis arrangement seems to be as fragile as the previous one as Australasia, formerly the protector of Entente interests to the east, has chosen to cut its ties with the alliance, leaving the city vulnerable and giving us an opportunity to right the wrong of a hundred years ago. Should we finally end the British presence in China?
The Legation Council has gone bankrupt, spelling an end to the International Mandate. Now, as Shanghai devolves into street fights and chaos, the outlying cities of the Mandate are left unprotected. In Hong Kong, the British and Vermillion Society have cooperated to ensure stability in the streets, and the two sides are angling for annexation into Britain and our nation, respectively. The British are not here yet, however, and we have an opportunity to invade. Should we reclaim Hong Kong for China?
It is vulnerable, take it!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Occupies Hong Kong
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has taken advantage of our withdrawal from the Entente to occupy Hong Kong. With Australasia grappling with unrest, it seems this is the end of the British presence in China.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has occupied Hong Kong, unwilling to let such a major city fall into the hands of the British or Germans. While this is a blow to the Mandate, we can do nothing about this now.
Whatever.
Awful!
The Collapse of the Legation Council's Government
As chaos overtakes Shanghai in the wake of the Council's decision to end the Mandate, our troops trapped in Shanghai are left without orders. The Japanese are making moves to occupy the city, but we don't know what they'll do yet. It seems they are moving to occupy the docks to wait for reinforcements, so some suggest our troops try to beat them there and secure supply lines. Others suggest that we should remain in the central city and defend from there. What should we do?
We must strike first - occupy the docks and the central city!
Tell the troops to stay where they are and wait for reinforcements.
The Collapse of the Legation Council's Government
As the westerners abandoned China in droves, our troops in the Legation Cities were left stranded. The Germans are reported to be making aggressive moves to secure the city, and our leadership is urging us to do the same.
Fan out across the city.
Occupy the docks and wait for reinforcements.
Skirmishes in Shanghai
As chaos overtakes Shanghai, the German and Japanese troops have engaged in fights throughout the city. Both factions have rushed to secure the docks, leaving the rest of the city to the Volunteer Force to manage. The Council now has power to decide who to aid on both the diplomatic and military fronts of the war for Shanghai - who shall rule our city?
The Germans are victorious!
The Japanese are victorious!
Shanghai Has Been Secured
Our troops have defeated the enemy in Shanghai, and the SMC has regained control over the city, under our protection.
Great!
Defeat in Shanghai
Sadly, our forces have been utterly defeated in Shanghai, and the hated Empire now occupies the city through the offices of the SMC. We can do nothing about this right now, but the path for war between Germany and Japan has been cleared.
Our troops have occupied the docks in Shanghai, but are being defeated in detail by the Germans and their western allies right now. We have a good reason to send in reinforcements to Shanghai, and start the war against the westerners to drive them out of Asia once and for all.
Damn!
The Legation Cities Ask to Join the Co-Prosperity Sphere
The Legation Cities have long been forced by their Mandate to remain neutral in global affairs. However, now that the China Agency and our ambassador in Shanghai have full control over the Cities, they can end the petty infighting of the Council, and join arm in arm their Asian brothers!
Asians for Asia!
Refuse, we cannot upset Germany yet.
Japan Accepts!
The Japanese have accepted our proposition of joining their alliance. We now have the protection of the Imperial Japanese Navy and Army as well as Japanese diplomatic and financial support. Unfortunately, our autonomy has been severely curtailed by the formal deposition of the Council, and we are now, in effect, a complete tool of the Japanese military.
Wait, what was that last part?
Japan Refuses
Tokyo has apparently seen accepting us into their alliance as too much of a security risk and have refused. We shall face the Chinese alone.
Damn!
The Fate of Zhang Xiaolin
Zhang Xiaolin has been a valuable tool for the Japanese, using his criminal contacts to secure the Cities for them, as well as making a hefty profit for himself. Now that the Japanese are fairly secure in their position, though, some diplomats and officers are beginning to wonder if Xiaolin's help is truly necessary at this stage.\n\nNow a meeting has been arranged with Xiaolin and his immediate underlings. As our officials approach the pleasure house in the beautiful Shanghai evening, policemen and gangsters size each other up, wondering who would make the first move. After being received, the District Commissioner puts his hand in his pocket. What does he pull out?
His revolver!
Xiaolin's commission in the government.
Removing Germany from the Legation Council
The German Empire is vulnerable, and it is time for their overreaches in the Far East to be corrected by removing them from the Council. How should we proceed?
We should vote on removing them.
The Europeans would defend them, we must move by ourselves.
The Legation Council Removes Our Concessions
The treacherous Legation Council has removed our nation from their proceedings, despite our repeated entreaties to the contrary. They have confiscated our Chinese concessions, humiliated us before the world, and blocked us out from the halls of power in China. The colonial office and the Kaiser are demanding a hostile response. Our East Asian fleet must be prepared to strike.
Outrageous!
The Legation Council Removes Germany
The Legation Council in Shanghai, in closed session, has removed Germany from the body. They claim that Germany is undermining the spirit of the Shanghai conference, and call on all member nations to aid them.
Germany has overreached itself.
We're not fighting Germany, abandon our concessions!
The Council Starts Voting on Removing Germany's Concessions
The Council has begun voting on the Japanese ambassador's motion to remove Germany from the Legation Council.
Let's hope they vote 'yes.'
The Legation Council Votes on Revoking the German Concessions
The Germans have been slowly isolating themselves within the Legation Council for a couple years now. Their arrogance and dishonest play have been widely known by the well-informed in Shanghai, even as they claim to trumpet the cause of global stability and cooperation. Now, it seems, the Legation Council has decided to remove them from what parts of China it feels it legally can. Should we take the opportunity to strike a blow at the world hegemon, or is it too risky?
The Legation Council has begun voting on a motion to remove our Kaiserreich from the Chinese concessions administered by them, and to expel our diplomats from the Council! This would be a huge blow to German power in Asia if it passed, and we must do everything in our power to ensure it does not.
The Results on the Vote to Remove Germany's Concessions
The vote on removing Germany has ended, and it seems it has...
Passed!
Failed.
The Legation Council Votes to Remove Us
The treacherous Legation Council has removed our nation from their proceedings, despite our repeated entreaties to the contrary. They have confiscated our Chinese concessions, humiliated us before the world, and blocked us out from the halls of power in China. The colonial office and the Kaiser are demanding a hostile response. Our East Asian fleet must be prepared to strike.
Damn!
The Legation Council Removes German Concessions
The Legation Council has recently removed Germany from their proceedings and confiscated their concessions. While they were once a formal ally of China, their arrogance and underhanded dealings undoubtedly deserved this.
Imperialism ebbs slowly from China.
The Legation Council Removes Us from the Council
The treacherous Legation Council has removed our nation from their proceedings, despite our repeated entreaties to the contrary. They have confiscated our Chinese concessions, humiliated us before the world, and blocked us out from the halls of power in China. The colonial office and the Kaiser are demanding a hostile response. Our East Asian fleet must be prepared to strike.
This is an outrage!
The Legation Council Dominated
It seems the Legation Council has become dominated by one country, [LEC_voter1]. With the Council dominating all affair of the Mandate, we are now effectively ruled by dictates from this country.
That's awkward.
Total Influence in the Legation Cities
The Legation Cities were meant as a forum for all powers with concessions in China to jointly guarantee a free trade zone in several eastern cities. However, the curious state of affairs in the Council, where our nation is the only power with voting rights, has effectively made the Cities an extension of our policy.
They will do our bidding.
The Victory of Nanjing
Our mercenaries and undercover men aiding the Nanjing Clique may not have been the only deciding force in the war, but it seems that [LEP.GetLeader] has triumphed over the anti-concessionists that surrounded him. Our status in eastern China, at least, is secure.
Great!
Peace with the Westerners?
We have ended the physical imperialist presence of the Legation Cities in China, now all that remains is the scrap of paper that the Western coalition fights to protect... and our war with much of the world. We could formally end both, and bring peace to Asia, by asking the Western powers that oppose us to the negotiating table. Should we make the offer?
We must end the war.
The westerners must be driven out of China!
Peace with [FROM.GetNameDef]?
The Chinese have crushed the independent forces of the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions and seized our concessions in China, and have begun to integrate the cities of the former Mandate and our former concessions into their nation. We are now fighting for a scrap of paper, some in our country have argued. Others, however, have responded by saying that we are fighting for our pride as a nation and a race. Should we agree to the [FROM.GetAdjective] request?
The war is over, we need only admit it.
We will never surrender to Chinese!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Peace
[From.GetAdjective] ambassadors have returned to us and it seems that they and their allies have accepted our proposal for peace. They will acknowledge our rule of the former Legation Cities and all other concessions in China in exchange for a nominal indemnity, and all hostilities will cease.
Great!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Our Offer
The arrogant [FROM.GetAdjective] imperialists have refused our kind and noble offer of peace! It seems we are to fight a war to the bitter end.
We should have expected no more.
The Second Weltkrieg
The French and Germans are once again at war, after a twenty-year-long peace. [CAN_king_full_name] and his allies in Algiers and worldwide have taken advantage of the opportunity that the war has provided, and is beginning preparations for attack. The Shanghai Stock Market, in response, has plunged once more, and another recession might be looming in the Mandate. Though this may yet be avoided, German and British businesses have lost out especially, and many have closed storefronts across the Cities.
War is hell, indeed.
The Occupation of Macau
The Legation Council has gone bankrupt, spelling an end to the International Mandate. Now, as Shanghai devolves into street fights and chaos, the outlying cities of the Mandate are left unprotected. Following the collapse of the Portuguese war effort, the Legation Volunteer Force was invited into Macau to protect the city and ensure its prosperity. However, the collapse of the [LEC.GetAdjective] government leaves us as the best chance for security in this oldest of concessions. Should we reclaim the port for China?
It is vulnerable, take it!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Occupies Macau
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has occupied Macau, before our forces can restore order or the Portuguese can return. While this is a blow to the Mandate, we can do nothing about this now.
Awful!
The Collapse of the German War Effort
German arms have proven unsuccessful in defending the Fatherland from its enemies, it seems. Berlin has fallen, and while a government-in-exile is being established overseas, the Kaiserreich has clearly lost much of their Far Eastern influence.
Worrying.
Invoke Article 14!
And stay out, imperialist swine!
The Second Invocation of Article 14
With the fall of Germany, the time has come to decide the Cities' future once again. The High Commissioner has invoked Article 14, and the Legation Council has gathered to decide the fate of the Mandate. While the Americans, naturally, wish to return to preeminence over the Cities, their country is hardly in a better state than Germany is. The British urge the Council turn to them, for though they, too, are in exile, they at least have shown their longevity in it. Others in the Cities' bureaucracy have instead attempted to convince High Commissioner Bodenheimer that the time for foreign control over the Cities is done. Should we grant them their request? Or are the Cities too precious to fall back into the chaotic hands of the Chinese?
We must return to the American fold.
The British will aid us.
The age of imperialism is over - return the cities to China.
The Americans Assume Control in Shanghai
In the aftermath of the German collapse worldwide, the Legation Cities have once more turned to the Americans in the Cities to lead them into the future.
Interesting.
British Dominant in Shanghai
In the aftermath of the worldwide German collapse, the Legation Cities have asked the British for leadership and protection.
Interesting.
The End of the International Mandate
Following the collapse of the German war effort, the Legation Cities were left without an international backer. With no one else to turn to, and fearing a possible Japanese invasion, the Legation Council has requested our nation reassume control over the cities of the Mandate.
The Unequal Treaties are ended!
The End of the International Mandate
Today, [?global.date.GetDateStringNoHourLong], High Commissioner [LEC.GetLeader] formally disbanded the Council for the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions, and proceeded to a ceremony with [FROM.GetLeader], where he entrusted his authority over the cities of the former Mandate to his government and the rightful China in perpetuity. He then was relieved of his duties, and returned to his embassy to make the journey back home to find what employment the new regime can provide for him. Over the next few days, countless Europeans will doubtless follow him. It is the end of an age, to be sure, but we have every hope that Shanghai will prosper as part of a reunited China, even if the very existence of one is in doubt right now.
The Paris of the East drifts away.
The End of the International Mandate
Today, [?global.date.GetDateStringNoHourLong], High Commissioner [LEC.GetLeader] formally disbanded the Council for the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions, and proceeded to a ceremony with [FROM.GetLeader], where he entrusted his authority over the cities of the former Mandate to his government and the rightful China in perpetuity. He then was relieved of his duties, and returned to his embassy to make the journey back home to find what employment the new regime can provide for him. Over the next few days, countless Europeans will doubtless follow him. While the new Shanghai will probably not prove as prosperous to our nation as the old, there is little we can do, as the collapse of most other imperialist powers around the world was the very instigator of this handover.
The end of an era.
The Council Debates the League of Left-Wing Writers
The League of Left-Wing Writers was formed in 1933 in Shanghai, possibly at the instigation of the Kuomintang, under the influence of the famous author Lu Xun. The stated purpose of the group was to advance the cause of socialist realism in China, and they saw no issue with using art to deliver overtly political statements. Indeed, they have frequently had heated debates with the Crescent Moon Society, an influential literary group that argues that art should only be made for art's sake. Recently, however, they have stepped up their propaganda campaign for the Left Kuomintang, and with those fighters still active in Fujian, it has, in the view of some members of the Council and the police, become a threat to the Mandate. What should be done about these mischief-makers?
Arrest them, and confiscate their materials!
Just ban their overt political publications.
Art is a relative term, let them be...
The Isolated Mandate
With the defeat or removal of all members of the Legation Council, the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions now serves no purpose. Although many exiles and expats would prefer that the cities remain independent, under their own government, without international protection it is doubtful such a minority-rule state could survive in this tumultuous region. Consequently, High Commissioner [LEC.GetLeader] has made the decision to return the cities occupied by the Mandate to the Chinese government.
We had a good run.
Chen Jiongming Holds Conference in Shantou
Federalism in China has been defeated many times, yet always seems to rise from the ashes. Chief among the reasons for this is the persistence of its main advocate, Chen Jiongming from Guangdong. He has recently defeated the hostile Guangxi clique, as well as traitors within his own ranks, and is now ready to begin expeditions northward and eastward. To organise his regime and allies, he is holding a conference in Shantou, or Swatow, one of the cities that makes up our Mandate. Since the city formally belongs to China, and his province, we have no legal grounds to deny him. We are unlikely to even be granted observer status, so we can only observe from without how this conference to decide the fate of China goes.
Well, good luck...
Du Yuesheng Preemptively Bailed Out
When the police arrived to Du Yuesheng's teahouse to arrest him until his trial, the gangster quickly sent out a flunky to make a reasonable counteroffer. Since he can legally be bailed before his trial begins, there is no reason to even go to the trouble of taking him to the station. Surely, the government would be willing to accept immediate bail payment in cash. The officers quickly agreed, and so Du Yuesheng waits for his trial in the style in which he is accustomed - independently.
Hold on, we received none of this money!
Du Yuesheng Is Gone
When the officers finally got around to delivering the sentence on Du Yuesheng, sending him to prison for life in Japan, far from his base of operations in Shanghai, they arrived at his teahouse to find nobody there. They alerted the Legation Council, which in turn dispatched its security forces to search for the triad leader across the Mandate. However, after over a month of looking, it seems that Du is gone, with those that know where he is remaining totally silent to our investigators. In his absence, the triad leadership has fallen onto lesser shoulders, but the leadership of the nationalist Chinese community is now ever more clearly on Robert Hotung, the 'Grand Old Man of Hong Kong'.
When the officers finally got around to delivering the sentence on Du Yuesheng, sending him to prison for life in Japan, far from his base of operations in Shanghai, they arrived at his teahouse to find nobody there. They alerted the Legation Council, which in turn dispatched its security forces to search for the triad leader across the Mandate. However, after over a month of looking, it seems that Du is gone, with those that know where he is remaining totally silent to our investigators. In his absence, the triad leadership has fallen onto lesser shoulders, and the AOG has gained influence in the southern cities. In particular, many now speak of Lothar Eisenträger as one of the most influential men in the Mandate.
When the officers finally got around to delivering the sentence on Du Yuesheng, sending him to prison for life in Japan, far from his base of operations in Shanghai, they arrived at his teahouse to find nobody there. They alerted the Legation Council, which in turn dispatched its security forces to search for the triad leader across the Mandate. However, after over a month of looking, it seems that Du is gone, with those that know where he is remaining totally silent to our investigators. In his absence, the triad leadership has fallen onto lesser shoulders, and much of his influence in Hong Kong has devolved onto the official British governor-general of Hong Kong.
When the officers finally got around to delivering the sentence on Du Yuesheng, sending him to prison for life in Japan, far from his base of operations in Shanghai, they arrived at his teahouse to find nobody there. They alerted the Legation Council, which in turn dispatched its security forces to search for the triad leader across the Mandate. However, after over a month of looking, it seems that Du is gone, with those that know where he is remaining totally silent to our investigators. In his absence, the triad leadership has fallen onto the capable if slightly deranged shoulders of Hiraya Amane.
As long as he's gone...
Zhang Xiaolin Escapes Arrest
It seems that Zhang Xiaolin was taking no chances. The Council put out a warrant for his arrest, but there have been no reported sightings, despite everyone knowing that he is somewhere in Fuzhou. He has either bribed police throughout the Mandate or is in hiding. This has not stopped him from getting close enough to the High Commissioner's office to slide in a note wrapped in a Golden Dragon cigarette, informing the government he would continue to cooperate, as long as he was not convicted.
We don't negotiate with criminals!
The Death of Zhang Xiaolin
Zhang Xiaolin had been tried in absentia and sentenced to life imprisonment in Vladivostok. To enforce the sentence, however, he had to be found. Although he has been in hiding since the warrant for his arrest was sent out, it seems that the hefty award posted for knowledge of his whereabouts has convinced some former associates of his to reveal his location. A week ago, he and his lieutenants were found in a warehouse in Fuzhou. After receiving no reply save gunshots to demands to come out, the police broke into the warehouse. In the scuffle that followed, Zhang Xiaolin was shot in the leg, then was killed by one of his partners to prevent his capture or torture. Since his death, Liu Hongsheng, the leading industrialist known as the 
Zhang Xiaolin had been tried in absentia and sentenced to life imprisonment in Vladivostok. To enforce the sentence, however, he had to be found. Although he has been in hiding since the warrant for his arrest was sent out, it seems that the hefty award posted for knowledge of his whereabouts has convinced some former associates of his to reveal his location. A week ago, he and his lieutenants were found in a warehouse in Fuzhou. After receiving no reply save gunshots to demands to come out, the police broke into the warehouse. In the scuffle that followed, Zhang Xiaolin was shot in the leg, then was killed by one of his partners to prevent his capture or torture. Since his death, the Apostolic Vicar of Yangku and Titular Bishop of Ruspae, Thomas Tien Ken-sin, has assumed much influence in Shanghai, turning the city slightly away from crime and towards Catholicism.
Zhang Xiaolin had been tried in absentia and sentenced to life imprisonment in Vladivostok. To enforce the sentence, however, he had to be found. Although he has been in hiding since the warrant for his arrest was sent out, it seems that the hefty award posted for knowledge of his whereabouts has convinced some former associates of his to reveal his location. A week ago, he and his lieutenants were found in a warehouse in Fuzhou. After receiving no reply save gunshots to demands to come out, the police broke into the warehouse. In the scuffle that followed, Zhang Xiaolin was shot in the leg, then was killed by one of his partners to prevent his capture or torture. Since his death, the brutal AOG operative Walter Stennes has assumed much control in Fuzhou, furthering the interests of his organisation.
Zhang Xiaolin had been tried in absentia and sentenced to life imprisonment in Vladivostok. To enforce the sentence, however, he had to be found. Although he has been in hiding since the warrant for his arrest was sent out, it seems that the hefty award posted for knowledge of his whereabouts has convinced some former associates of his to reveal his location. A week ago, he and his lieutenants were found in a warehouse in Fuzhou. After receiving no reply save gunshots to demands to come out, the police broke into the warehouse. In the scuffle that followed, Zhang Xiaolin was shot in the leg, then was killed by one of his partners to prevent his capture or torture. Since his death, the former officer and China Agency operative Masahiko Amakasu has assumed much control in Fuzhou, furthering the interests of his organisation.
He was too dangerous to be left alive.
The Investigation of Huang Jinrong
Huang Jinrong is now being prosecuted in the courts for unprofessional and illegal methods of solving crimes. Nevertheless, he is still the chief of police of Shanghai, and he has displayed no outward show of fear or despair. Indeed, he and the lawyer for the government have gone on many a cheerful outing around town.
He surely has done nothing wrong.
Huang Jinrong's Transfer
Although Huang Jinrong has undoubtedly committed many heinous acts, most have been in the service of our government. As such, he has merely been demoted, and is no longer chief of police in Shanghai. Instead, he is chief of police in Ningbo, where he should be able to cause far less trouble. His replacement in Shanghai, the American financier Solomon Adler, is now reportedly making contact with many in Zhang's old network.
Although Huang Jinrong has undoubtedly committed many heinous acts, most have been in the service of our government. As such, he has merely been demoted, and is no longer chief of police in Shanghai. Instead, he is chief of police in Ningbo, where he should be able to cause far less trouble. His replacement is a quiet British nonentity, and is remarkable only in his loyalty to Vandeleur Molyneux Grayburn, the British financier and man of influence from Hong Kong.
Although Huang Jinrong has undoubtedly committed many heinous acts, most have been in the service of our government. As such, he has merely been demoted, and is no longer chief of police in Shanghai. Instead, he is chief of police in Ningbo, where he should be able to cause far less trouble. His replacement in Shanghai, the German diplomat Hubert Knipping, is now reportedly making contact with many in Zhang's old network.
Although Huang Jinrong has undoubtedly committed many heinous acts, most have been in the service of our government. As such, he has merely been demoted, and is no longer chief of police in Shanghai. Instead, he is chief of police in Ningbo, where he should be able to cause far less trouble. His replacement in Shanghai, the Japanese general and China Agency security head Michitarō Komatsubara, is now reportedly making contact with many in Zhang's old network.
Good luck, all of you.
The Restoration of the Legation Cities
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has recently occupied the former cities of the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions, but has decided to restore power to the Legation Council. As a nation with concessions and influence in China, we have been granted a seat on the restored Council. This time, many nations that have been excluded from getting voting rights before have had them returned.
Great!
Request the Chinese Concessions of Our Allies?
As the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions, we are formally responsible for the protection and regulation of all foreign-occupied Chinese concessions or territories. Since our allies have recently gained several new Chinese territories, some in the SMC are asking the Legation Council to request these territories.
Of course, they are rightfully ours.
We are overstretched already.
The Legation Cities Request Our Chinese Concessions
Formally the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions, the Legation Cities are formally responsible for the protection and regulation of all foreign-occupied Chinese concessions or territories. Since we have recently gained several new Chinese territories, the Legation Council has been led to request these territories from us.
Who are we to stand in the way of internationalism?
We need those colonies ourselves!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Concedes the Concessions
Our allies have conceded to our request to transfer the Chinese concessions to us. They have been fully integrated into our administration, loose as it is. Our control over Chinese trade expands.
Thank you, [FROM.GetNameDef]!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses to Concede the Concessions
The dastardly, greedy and selfish [FROM.GetAdjective] imperialists have refused to hand their new Chinese colonies over to us. This is a mortal insult to our international mandate!
Damn!
The Surrender of the Empire of Japan
Our great enemy, the Empire of Japan, has finally surrendered to the forces of liberty and civilisation! With the collapse of their war effort, what little informal influence they had in our Cities have been stamped out for good. The Japanese tendrils have been removed from Asia.
It seems our choice to remain neutral in the face of the Japanese expansionism was justified. Our prime backer has surrendered to the alliance opposed to it, and although we survived the tumult as an entity our politics have been shattered. It is no longer justifiable to have a Japanese High Commissioner, and Article 14 must be invoked.
The Empire of Japan has surrendered to the alliance opposed to it. With the collapse of their war effort, what influence they had in our Cities has been crippled. Some question the continued relevance of our Mandate, now that there is no longer a cold war in Asia.
Disturbing.
We must invoke Article 14 once more!
And stay out!
The Second Invocation of Article 14
With the surrender of Japan, they have been expelled from the Legation Council and have lost all influence in the Cities. As such, just as in 1937, the time has come to decide the Cities' future. The High Commissioner has invoked Article 14, and the Legation Council has gathered to decide the fate of the Mandate. While the Americans, naturally, wish to return to preeminence over the Cities, their country is hardly in a better state than Japan is. The Germans, having retained their empire in the face of much adversity, are also an option, yet the anti-German bent of the council recently might make this difficult. The British urge the Council turn to them, for though they, too, are in exile, they at least have shown their longevity in it. Others in the Cities' bureaucracy have instead attempted to convince High Commissioner Okazaki that the time for foreign control over the Cities is done. Should we grant them their request? Or are the Cities too precious to fall back into the chaotic hands of the Chinese?
We must return to the American fold.
The British will aid us.
The Germans are our only hope.
The age of imperialism is over - return the cities to China.
The age of imperialism is over - we are China now!
The Americans Assume Control in Shanghai
In the aftermath of the Japanese surrender, the Legation Cities have once more turned to the Americans in the Cities to lead them into the future.
Interesting.
British Dominant in Shanghai
In the aftermath of the Japanese surrender, the Legation Cities have asked the British for leadership and protection.
Interesting.
Germans Return to Shanghai
In the aftermath of the Japanese surrender, the Legation Cities have asked the Germans for leadership and protection.
Interesting.
The End of the International Mandate
Following the Japanese surrender, the Legation Cities were left without an international backer. With no one else to turn to, the Legation Council has requested our nation reassume control over the cities of the Mandate.
The Unequal Treaties are ended!
The Council Votes on Conscription in the Volunteer Force
The High Commissioner has convened the Legation Council for an important administrative matter - whether or not to allow the International Volunteer Force to begin conscription of the citizens of the International Quarter to allow the Force to better defend the cities. With the hope of lasting peace in the Far East growing ever further away, many in Shanghai find it necessary to expand the local protections available to the Cities. If conscription is implemented, it is likely that the Council will not feel obligated to expand recruitment to ethnic Chinese, a move the Volunteer Force leadership is said to greatly oppose.
Let them vote well.
The Council Votes on Limited Conscription in the Volunteer Force
The High Commissioner has convened the Legation Council for an important administrative matter - whether or not to allow the International Volunteer Force to begin limited conscription of the citizens of the International Quarter to allow the Force to better defend the cities. With the hope of lasting peace in the Far East growing ever further away, many in Shanghai find it necessary to expand the local protections available to the Cities. If limited conscription is implemented, it is likely that the Council will not feel obligated to expand recruitment to ethnic Chinese, a move the Volunteer Force leadership is said to greatly oppose. However, the Council might also feel able to expand their Force's manpower, allowing us to trust their own defences more.
The Results of the Conscription Vote
The vote on whether or not to let the Legation Cities conscript has ended and it seems that the motion has...
Been accepted!
Been denied.
Conscription Vote Passes with Protest from Our Expatriates
Our nationals in Shanghai, Tianjin, and the other coastal cities under international protection have protested vigorously the passage of the motion implementing conscription in the cities, claiming that the measure is irreversibly dooming the free spirit of the Cities. Many have written to our government, demanding a repeal of the vote that impacts what they think are privileges owed to them.
It's too late to change the vote now.
War with the Legation Cities
Although the Legation Cities were originally intended to remain a peaceful safeguard for trade with China, the world is not what anyone could have predicted back in the 1920s. We are at war with the Legation Cities, so it is only meet that we withdraw from the Council, and the benefits membership brings, temporarily, until our inevitable victory.
The world is upside down.
The Abolition of the Shanghai Volunteer Force
The volunteer force served international interests well, but the world has changed. Should we abolish it and create an army by and for Shanghai?
We should abolish it.
It is still valuable.
Shanghai Seeks to Unite with China
Our puppet government in Shanghai, established long ago, before our glorious victory over the imperialists and backwards Chinese, is seeking to unite with our Chinese ally, [FNG.GetNameDef]. Should we prevent them from joining, or allow them to proceed?
Allow them to unite with their country.
Divide et impera!
Shanghai Seeks Unification
The Japanese puppet state of Shanghai has been allowed to rejoin China at last! Our nation moves closer to prosperity.
Great!
We don't need them.
Reunification with [FNG.GetName]
At last, China is reunified! The Japanese and Chinese have agreed to transfer control of Shanghai's government to Beijing.
For the country!
Japan Refuses Shanghai's Request for Unification
Our Japanese 'friends' have refused the nationalistic request from Shanghai for reunification between Shanghai and the Beijing government!
We never could trust them.
The Shanghai Drama
In international news, the new hit French drama from Algeria, 'Le Drame de Shanghai' (The Shanghai Drama), hit the box office. Filmed by the acclaimed G.W. Pabst and starring superstars such as Christl Mardayn, Louis Jouvet, and Raymond Rouleau, the film depicts an exiled French aristocrat (played by Christl Mardayn) working as a cabaret singer in Shanghai to support her daughter's education. Adapted from a novel by Oscar Paul Gilbert, critics have noticed that the film is a commentary of China's fractious and political state while also highlighting the hedonistic lifestyle of European expatriates and exiles crammed in Shanghai's international quarters. The main protagonist's exiled background serves as a reminder of the exiled Britons and Frenchmen in Asia, with their countries fallen to syndicalism. The film also highlights the crime and glory of the Shanghai nightlife featuring a mysterious and conspirational organisation called the Black Dragon, which follows a charismatic and nationalistic leader named Cheng, who is determined to drive out westerners and foreign influence China.\n\nUnlike most films centred on Asian themes, the Shanghai Drama boasts an impressive cast of Asians since much of the filming was done beyond Shanghai's international settlement. Regardless of the film's political undertones, it is considered a box office success, with critics praising Mardayn's performance and Pabst's filmography.
Let's go to the movies.
The Growth of Dacai
In the dim lights of Fuzhou Road in Huangpu district, one of Shanghai's most red-light districts, a new and peculiar form of cooking has achieved popularity among the residents. These businesses have also opened up in Hong Kong, where they are popular among the residents not allowed to eat at western hotels and restaurants. Opened by the Cantonese who have been used to cooking with western and Chinese ingredients, these restaurants employ Chinese cooks who have whipped up their takes on popular western dishes. These dishes, nicknamed 'dacai', or big dishes are a homey fusion of cheap western dishes catered to Chinese taste. Popular items amongst fans of dacai include borscht without beets, baked lasagna with cheese, and deep-fried pork chops with Worcestershire sauce and beef burgundy. In addition to the western dishes, traditional Chinese food serves as a replacement, such as Chinese wine in the absence of western wine or shark fin soup. Meals are often concluded with a western-style apple pie, vanilla pudding, or coffee. In particular, dacai dishes have found popularity amongst prostitutes who hang out at such eateries, looking stylish and hoping to earn a free meal and some business.
Dig in!
The End of the American Civil War
The American Civil War is over, and our struggling Mandate has been dealt another blow. With the total defeat of the pro-business forces in the American heartland, it seems we shall never see American ships in our harbours or American troops in our ports as allies - instead, if they come, it shall be as 'liberators' of the Chinese. Although there are many who already despaired of America's return to the light, all agree it has now fallen into darkness forever.
The American Civil War is over, and our struggling Mandate has been bolstered slightly. With the victory of pro-business, if not internationally interventionist, forces in the American heartland, it seems we will have a strong ally in the years ahead. We look forward to welcoming American peacekeepers back into our city, and one ambassador back into the Council.
The sun sets in the west.
Good! Now, to business...
Street Angel ([GetYear])
The newest hit at the Shanghai box office is 'Street Angel,' a film directed by Yuan Muzhi and released by the Mingxing Film Company. For weeks leading up to the film's release, the film has been promoted and pushed to be shown in all theatres by the League of Left-Wing Writers, who have declared this film a 'masterpiece' of the Chinese left-wing movement. The film holds allusions to the national struggles plaguing China, including modernisation issues and the disruption of national unity.\n\nThe film stars the popular Chinese actor Zhao Dan and the iconic singer Zhou Xuan (famous for songs such as Blooming Flowers Full Moon) and is set in the slums of old Shanghai. Xiao Chen (played by Zhao Dan), a trumpet player, falls in love with the singer Xiao Hong (played by Zhou Xuan), an immigrant from the Fengtian Government in Manchuria, and her older sister Xiao Yun. Xiao Yun is forced into prostitution to make a living while Xiao Hong works as a singer at a teahouse. After a misunderstanding that gives the impression that Xiao Hong is unfaithful, Xiao Chen discovers she and her sister are to be sold off to a wealthy gangster named Mr. Gu. The legal fees to stop the transaction are too much for Xiao Chen, so he and the girls attempt to flee Gu's grasp. While Xiao Hong manages to escape, Xiao Yun is caught by Gu but refuses to reveal her sister's whereabouts. In a violent confrontation with Gu, she is fatally wounded, but by the time her friends and sister return, they can do nothing; they are simply too poor to afford a doctor.\n\nThe film's telling and powerful depiction of social disparity is an open critique of the corruption and poverty caused by Shanghai's colonialist state. In addition, the use of Chinese songs in the film help emphasise Chinese national characteristics, distinguishing Chinese culture from that of the West.
Delightful! But what about stability?
The Tragic End of Ruan Lingyu
Today, all of China experienced a great sense of loss as the beautiful and exceptional actress of Ruan Lingyu (also known as Lily Yuen) has passed away at the age of 28 due to suicide. Well known all throughout China due to the box office successes from Shanghai and her silent acting ability, word has it that over 100,000 people will be attending her funeral in Shanghai.\n\nBorn to a working-class family in Shanghai without much of a father figure, Ruan spent her early life working as a housemaid with her mother. In 1926, to help make ends meet, she signed up for the prominent Mingxing Film Company and made her first film at 16. However, her first real break came in Spring Dream of an Old Capital in 1930, which was a massive hit throughout China. She continued to play leading roles in other popular hits such as Love and Duty (1931), Little Toys (1933), and The Goddess (1934). However, with the arrival of actual “talkies” in China (films featuring voice instead of silent acting), her popularity began to erode. Her tumultuous private life was exploited heavily by tabloids and gossip, and her divorce from her husband became one of vindictive coverage. At the age of 28, she has committed suicide with an overdose of barbiturates - her suicide note only declaring that “a gossip is a fearful event.” Needless to say, her death has significantly impacted the people of China, who were enamoured with her skilful acting and charisma. A report from her funeral procession declares that three women grieving also took their lives.
All China mourns...
Eileen Chang
A new bestseller has emerged in Shanghai, “The Golden Cangue,” a telling story regarding life in the Legation Cities, one full of strife, crime, and imperialism. A harsh critique of life in Hong Kong, the book portrays the wealth disparity between the local Chinese and the wealthy westerners.\n\nThe author is the 23-year-old Zhang Ying, a Chinese woman of aristocratic lineage and educated bilingually. Born in Shanghai in 1920, Ying, better known as Eileen Chang, lived a life of comfort. However, arguments and bickering were frequent in the Ying household due to her father's opium addiction and extramarital affairs. After her mother returned from France to study, Chang was exposed to the literary works of the French writer “George Sand” (Amantine Dupin), the famous French feminist who had a profound impact on Chang. In 1939, Chang was accepted to the University of London in the Union of Britain for an academic scholarship. Still, due to the war in Europe, she decided to study in Hong Kong instead. And thus, in a time of uncertainty, disorder, and war in China, Chang moves between Shanghai and Hong Kong.\n\nMuch of her writing has to do with life in the Legation Cities. Her first book, “Love in a Sinful City,” is set in her contemporary Hong Kong and Shanghai and deals with life in the Legation Cities in a period of uncertainty. As the war rages on in Europe, resources are becoming increasingly scarce in the Legation Cities, and tensions are emerging regarding the unequal relationship between the wealthy westerners and the local population. According to critics, her writing has illustrated what life was for the ordinary Chinese people and how life persisted despite the severe inequalities and the stress of being at war. Her latest book, “The Golden Cangue,” features stirring metaphors such as the moon, familial hierarchy, cangues, and footbinding to illustrate the decadence of the idle rich in Shanghai. Given her young age, critics have also remarked that her literary maturity seems beyond her. Her works written in the Chinese vernacular have also been translated into English, attracting her fans in the English-speaking world.
A great book indeed!
Mulan Joins the Army
The story of Mulan is an ancient Chinese ballad about a young woman who goes into battle dressed as a male. It is also one the subject of one of Nationalist China's latest blockbusters “Mulan Joins the Army.”\n\nSet in the Northern Wei Dynasty, Mulan is a mischievous young girl who is skilled in the martial arts and archery. However, her father is conscripted into war and Mulan goes in his stead; dressed as a male. She meets a fellow conscript named Yuandu Liu and for the next three years, she and Yuandu protect the border from barbarians. Despite having intelligence that the barbarians are planning a secret assault, Mulan's commander refuses to believe her and Yuandu. They manage to get approval to launch a reconnaissance mission where they discover an attack is indeed imminent but the commander who has been bribed by barbarians, refuses to believe her. Frustrated, Mulan leads an attack to recapture their city after it is being attacked by the barbarians and the commander is executed. Mulan turns down an offer to serve in the imperial court and instead goes home, reverting back to her feminine persona. She marries Yuandu and the two live happily ever after.\n\nWritten and produced despite the censorship laws of the Japanese, the film is full of subtle patriotic themes and has become extremely popular among the local Chinese. The character of Mulan has been compared to the leader Song Qingling and its talks of fighting against barbarians has resonated deeply within the local Chinese.
Shut this propaganda down!
What a wonderful film!
The Legation Cities Void the Mandate
The Open Door policy that kept peace and order between the ambitious western nations and Japan in China has finally ended. With tensions in the world rising due to the events in Europe and Asia, the inevitability of conflict arriving on the Asian continent has led the Legation Cities to join the [LEC.GetFactionName] faction in a great break from the traditional non-alignment of the cities. This places the treaty ports firmly in the [LEC.GetFactionName] sphere of influence, the Legation Mandate has ended with the nations of the international alliances withdrawing their troops and ambassadors from the Legation Cities. Businesses scramble as this effectively places the treat ports under the economic sphere of the [LEC.GetFactionName]. While this marks an end of an era, this may also lead to unforeseen consequences as now all bets are off, and the Legation Cities are open to foreign aggression or perhaps even demands from the Chinese.
So much for that.
The Green Gangs Clash!
Shanghai's criminal underworld has long been under the control of three mysterious figures who lead a collective known as the 
How terrible!
Murder in Broad Daylight!
A grisly event took place in Shanghai today as a member of one of the last rival gangs finally fell foul of the Green Gang. He had apparently been leaving the police station in the German (formerly French) concession after a heated conversation, when a large group of men in western suits and hats ambushed him. After his bodyguards and companion were shot he was subsequently torn apart with axes in an act of mob violence. Despite the extremely accurate accounts circulating about the incident it seems there were absolutely no witnesses, the police at the time being extremely busy.
Gruesome...
Investigating the Green Gang
As the open clashes between the Green Gang and the Hong Kong triads become more and more brazen the situation can no longer be ignored. A committee of inquiry has been called to investigate the appointment of a chief investigator into these criminals, who can centralise the information about them and hopefully root them out.
Appoint a German investigator.
Rely on the Hong Kong forces.
Ask the respected Shanghai Chief of Police, Huang Jinrong!
The German Investigation Focus
The chief of the German police is a very busy man who has limited time to actually investigate petty things like crimes; don't you know the stock market fluctuates daily? He needs to pick one particular area of focus for his investigation, or he'll never get anywhere at all.
Hong Kong, the viper's den!
Shanghai is where it started!
Opium Den Raided!
German-uniformed gendarmes today alighted in Hong Kong and busted down the doors of an opium den. While the substance itself was a valuable haul for them, the truly interesting thing was found in the safe of the place - financial documents concerning the enterprises used to launder the money and who they were banking with. It suffices to say that suspicion has been aroused.
Interesting...
Some Gangsters Arrested
Despite the objections of the Hong Kong legislative council German police today arrived and within the day had made a few key arrests. This has seemingly forced much of the violence to be most discrete.
Fantastic!
A Green Gang Member Talks!
Under intense interrogation by the German police in Shanghai, who had picked him up earlier that day, a member of the notorious Green Gang spilled the beans. He revealed names, dates and places relating to several big operations including prostitution rings, smuggling and arms dealing and they all seemed to tie back to one man - Du Yuesheng. While news of Big Ears Du's crooked ways are nothing new to the police this is the start of being able to put up solid evidence against him.
Fantastic!
A Green Gang Member Talks!
Under harsh questioning by the German police in Shanghai, who had caught him emerging from a known den of sin, a member of the notorious Green Gang revealed what he knows. Detailed were names, dates and places of a few clubs and dens run on behalf of one Zhang Xiaolin, fellow leader of the Green Gang and rival to Du Yuesheng for overall leadership. Some of the stories about him are pretty lurid...
Fantastic!
A Triad Member Picked Up
A member of the Ye On Son triad was tapped up for information about the recent clashes by the Hong Kong Police Force today, in the interrogation room he revealed that he and his gang had smuggled arms for various groups, including, curiously, the Japanese 
Intriguing...
Documents Found!
The Hong Kong Police Force today picked up numerous documents from a raid on a bar that operated as a front for the Green Gang's interests in Hong Kong. However owing to a uhhh... bureaucratic mess-up caused by the need to process tax payments from a few different people only one piece of information could be retained...
The names of some Juntong agents.
Some interesting notes about Mr. Du Yuesheng.
The Investigation Collapses!
It would seem that after a month of investigation respected chief of police, Huang Jinrong, has been unable to uncover sufficient evidence to build any kind of case against anyone. He has however taken a member of the council on a lovely drive in his Rolls Royce with his new wife, an opera singer 20 years his junior. A stunningly generous man really.
Something's not right about Huang Jinrong...
The Japanese might know something, if they can be bribed.
Insulted With A Considerable Bribe
After being initially extraordinarily affronted by the crass act of offering them money for information, the Japanese agents were eager to share, opening their files on Du Yuesheng and revealing a couple of choice things about Huang Jinrong too!
Who else do they have files on?
The Portrait Of A Gangster: Du Yuesheng
As we proceed in our investigation into Du Yuesheng, we must first understand his history. Our files tell us the following:\n\nDu Yuesheng was born in a poor Chinese village in what is now the neutral zone in 1888, at the age of just four his mother had died in childbirth, his father was dead and his sister sold into slavery. He returned to his village to live with his grandmother. Returning to Shanghai at the age of fourteen he worked at a fruit stall until he was fired for theft, whereupon a job as a bouncer at a brothel brought him into contact with the Green Gang. From there he was introduced to Huang Jinrong, the highest ranked Chinese detective in the former French, now German, concession of Shanghai. Jinrong's wife saw potential in the boy and had him assist on a number of large opium deals, gradually expanding his remit and network of contacts, as well as his wealth.\n\nIn 1924 when Lu Yongxiang, then in control of most of Shanghai, had Huang Jinrong locked up for publicly beating his son Du found himself filling his shoes and in control of most of the German Concession's criminal enterprises. While Jinrong was released thanks in part to the Green Gang's close relationship with Zhejiang warlord Du would forever more be the most prominent Shanghai gangster.\n\nDu is colloquially known as 
I see.
The Portait Of A Gangster: Huang Jinrong
As we proceed in our investigation into our policeman Huang Jinrong, we must first understand his history. Our files tell us the following:\n\nHuang Jinrong has been a perennial feature in the Shanghai underworld since 1892, when he joined the police force of the French Concession at the age of 24. Retained and promoted due to his skills as a sleuth, a lack of competent administrators eventually lead the Germans to appoint him Chief of Police in their new concession after the French were removed. Adapting smoothly to his new role the only hiccup came when he was imprisoned illegally for beating Lu Yongxiang's son, which saw Du Yuesheng rise to prominence as the foremost member of the Green Gang in the concession and placed Huang in his debt.\n\nJinrong is for his part a patient man, seemingly preferring to let the younger Du run the show while he enjoys the vast wealth being his loyal second-in-command brings him. His ex-wife Lin Guisheng was said to be the true brains and ambition behind many of his operations, however in the aftermath of the formation of the International Mandate Jinrong expertly saw that the Green Gang in the German Concession became the dominant group in all of Shanghai, so there must be more to him than just a vast address book.
I see.
The Portait Of A Gangster: Zhang Xiaolin
As we proceed in our investigation into Zhang Xiaolin, we must first understand his history. Our files tell us the following:\n\nZhang Xiaolin is the dark horse of the Green Gang's Big Three. Born in Zhejiang province right on the outskirts of Shanghai and a graduate of the province's military academy, Xiaolin came to Shanghai in 1912 already well-connected with the provincial warlords that surrounded the city. From there he put those connections to use, working then under Huang Jinrong. With the help of the warlord armies the gang secured control over the trade routes running down the Yangtze River and gained a stranglehold on the city's opium trade.\n\nWhile he might be key to their prominence, Zhang Xiaolin was passed over by Huang Jinrong and Lin Guisheng for the honour of taking over the most prominent role as head of the Green Gang, a fact Zhang has always resented. As a result of his resentment a growing rift is noted between him and Du Yuesheng, who further distrusts Zhang for his violent nature and the lurid tales about how he treats those who cross him. It may only be a matter of time before the split becomes official, and either Xiaolin or Yuesheng has to go...
I see.
Insider Trading?
In the aftermath of Black Monday everybody seems to be licking their financial wounds, everybody, that is, except a group of businessmen, mostly Americans, who took a short position on German government bonds just days before the crash. They have, to use a colloquialism, made out like bandits from the deal. The Ostchina Direktorium has begun to raise a stink about the whole affair after it emerged that the major loser in the short sale was the state-backed Deutsch-Asiatische Bank, the commercial bank of choice for German businessmen, and demanded that there be an investigation into allegations of insider trading!
Just because we Americans have common sense...
Bail Out the DAB?
The most pressing issue for the Shanghai business community right now is the tottering Deutsch-Asiatische Bank and its potential collapse. If the Legation Council approves, an... undisclosed amount of funds could be released for the benefit of the DAB to prevent a run on the bank and reassure savers.
Convene a session, let's put it to a vote!
Legation Cities Voting: Bailout?
Black Monday has left deep scars in the global economy, and particularly on the Deutsch-Asiatische Bank in Shanghai, which seems to have fallen victim to unscrupulous business practices and possibly insider trading. Our delegation are now seeking guidance on how they should vote concerning the proposed bailout of the DAB.
Legation Council Vote Results
The privations of the DAB have been made clear to the Legation Council and as a result the bailout has been...
Approved!
Denied!
Deutsch-Asiatische Collapses!
Early this morning a run on Deutsch-Asiatische Bank signalled a death knell for the institution, which was overleveraged with now worthless German government bonds. As a result its operations are now undergoing a semi-orderly collapse and their remaining assets are being auctioned off, which has roused fury from the influential Germans in the Legation Cities over the council's lack of action. It looks like nobody is going to be getting back their money any time soon...
Oh, no.
Deutsch-Asiatische Stabilises!
It seems that German's financial lynchpin in the east will remain stable for now, enough security has been found to ensure their future and protect their assets, which has mollified German concerns over insider trading somewhat.
What a relief.
German Fury - Heads Must Roll!
Following the collapse of their prize bank in the East, the Germans have furiously telegrammed the Legation Council and had their delegation make one thing clear: somebody had better get arrested or deported for this, or else!
Have the Japanese oversee the investigation!
Have the British oversee the investigation!
Have the respected chief of police, Huang Jinrong, do it!
German Anger - Somebody's Behind This!
The Germans, despite being pleased about the rallying of the DAB after Black Monday, are applying considerable pressure for there to be an investigation into what exactly went on with regard to the allegations of insider trading. This is a very serious accusation, and if it emerges that somebody tipped the American businessmen in question off about German monetary policy then they may even need to be extradited...
Entrust the Japanese with the investigation.
Have the financial experts, the British, investigate.
Let Huang Jinrong take the reins!
The Japanese Investigate - Efficiently
The China Special Agency has been called in by the Japanese to investigate the current insider trading scandal. Their first action was to launch a surprise raid on the headquarters of the DAB and round up several important Germans for questioning, followed by picking up some Americans who had been involved in the matter. While the Germans are frustrated at the gung-ho, and some say discriminatory, actions of the Japanese others have lauded them for their efforts. While they have been unable to find evidence of insider trading they have supplied valuable information divulged under pressure about the activities of one American notable in the cities...
One has to wonder - what did they ask?
The British Investigate - Thoroughly
The British have been assigned to the DAB case and after a month of inquiries have returned their report: absolutely no evidence of wrongdoing by the Americans can be found. It would seem they are simply very shrewd businessmen.
Are you sure?
Huang Jinrong Is On The Case!
It would seem that Huang Jinrong has been able to pull off the impossible, within days he had made an arrest among the German business community, embarrassing them thoroughly, and uncovered information passed to several American businessmen. Multiple traders have thus been barred for life from any respectable stock exchange and the implication of Germans has cast doubt across their strict, law abiding image.
Huzzah!
HSBC Buys Deutsch-Asiatische Stock
In a surprising move today the Hong Kong Shanghai Banking Corporation purchased a large stake in Deutsch-Asiatische Bank, a bullish move despite the current economic downturn. How exactly they managed to secure the sale so quickly remains to be seen, but some are convinced that it is linked with the Hong-Kong Police Department's recent probe into the trading scandal.
Strange move.
The Japanese Investigate
The Japanese investigation has been uncharacteristically demure, possibly due to a lack of German pressure denying them the right to conduct certain raids or detain individuals for excessive lengths of time. Either way they've uncovered some interesting information, particularly regarding one Lothar Eisenträger...
Oh my.
Huang Jinrong Is On The Case!
Within a few days of starting his investigation Huang Jinrong has made an arrest, an American businessman is now in custody and the papers of the DAB are being looked over. There is apparently no evidence of any wrongdoing by anybody else. By the way have you met Mr. Jinrong's new wife? She wears the finest jewellery.
There's something fishy here...
The British Enquiry
After a few weeks of investigation by officials from Hong Kong it would seem no wrongdoing can be found. Alas, these are troubled times, but at least the council has been shown to be an effective force in keeping the city clean.
Oh well.
British Concern Over Shanghai-Centrism
A consortium of British businessmen has submitted a formal statement today in response to our planned tram construction in Shanghai, asking that investment in Shanghai and Hong Kong be equalised. While this is obviously too bold of a demand they probably intend, if engaged in discussion, to dial down to simply requesting that some sort of increased investment in Hong Kong be pushed forward. It is likely that if we do not agree to help them here, they will reach out to the British Crown, which may attempt to take an active role in the politics of the Cities. However, if we give them what they want, it is anticipated that we shall hear little further from them.
Put up some funding to invest in Hong Kong.
Ignore their demands, they can't do anything.
Cancel the new tram project, we must equalise funding.
Outcry From the Japanese
The Japanese are outraged that we would fold to pressure groups like this, and are launching accusations from all quarters. Their newspapers print stories on the injustices afflicted on them by the American puppets on the council siphoning off money into their own pockets, and there may be more far-reaching consequences.
A storm in a teacup.
Germans Accuse the Council of Favouritism
The German interest groups in the Legation Cities have expressed consternation at what they feel is favouritism displayed towards Hong Kong and British interests in general, with the Tsingtau Latest News publishing multiple scathing polemics about the corruption inherent in the council. It's clear they want the funding for new projects outside of Shanghai and Tianjin pulled, in order to demonstrate even-handedness.
We don't care about them.
Fine, pull the funding!
British Outraged
The British are outraged and the Hong Kong press has once again bemoaned the unfairness of the arrangements foisted upon them after the revolution at home. Shanghai is being favoured above the other cities they claim, and talk of the siphoning off of resources and the end of Hong Kong's special status has the business community nervous.
Sacrifices must be made.
Americans Speak for Hong Kong Investment
Major American businessmen have been in touch with the council today, expressing what they feel are legitimate concerns about the openness of the cities and the need to invest in all quarters to ensure equal access to China. They want us to fund the infrastructure spending in Hong Kong and have warned that the flow of American capital can't be guaranteed if we don't.
They're welcome to try!
If that's really what's best for finance...
Chinese Are Up in Arms
Chinese citizen groups today lodged a formal protest with the Shanghai Municipal Council and key Legation organs, declaring that they will not accept the cancellation of the tram projects in Shanghai as anything less than colonial neglect and oppression, and hundreds have signed a petition calling for a Chinese member to be added to the Legation Council to ensure balance and representation of the majority.
Now that's just ridiculous.
Syndicalist Protests?
A bombing of a police station today underscored just how tense the situation in Shanghai can grow very quickly. With protestors and insurgents evading us through use of the neutral zone they have managed to wage a sustained campaign of disobedience, seemingly always informed of the police's next move.
Try to find out who keeps informing them.
Assassination Of an Official
A major civil servant and member of the Legation Volunteer Force was murdered in cold blood today, apparently in a planned political assassination! A manhunt is under way for the killers.
Best to lock the windows...
[QIE.GetName] Objects
The [QIE.GetAdjective] government has issued an official statement today regarding recent issues in the Legation Cities. It claims that if we are to be responsible for the cities we must be responsible to the Chinese people, and states that [QIE.GetLeader] is beginning to wonder if the current authorities are truly doing their duty. Without saying it too openly, he has effectively questioned the mandate of the Legation Council.
Tell [QIE.GetLeader] he's welcome to our Chinese dissidents.
Unrest in Hong Kong
It seems that discontent against the Legation Cities has soared in Hong Kong, as prominent Hongkonger businessmen's pleas for funding were rejected by the Legation Council. Many in the city are speaking with nostalgia of the days Hong Kong belonged to the British Crown. We should exploit this opportunity before it passes.
And quickly!
We don't need these slippery businessmen!
British Activity in Hong Kong
Following their defeat in the recent debate over funding in Hong Kong, British businessmen have reached out to the nations of the former British Empire. It seems that the King-Emperor has eagerly agreed to help them, and even now the Hongkongers are making dangerous moves against us.
We should stay informed.
Hong Kong Unrest Smoothed Over
It seems that burgeoning unrest in Hong Kong against the perceived Shanghai-centrism of the Legation Council has been suppressed by Shanghai. They have promised to prioritise equal funding between Hong Kong and Shanghai, and have even gone so far as to cancel the railroad in Shanghai that started the trouble. The entire incident has probably served to eliminate any opportunity for renewed influence we might have exerted over Hong Kong.
Damn and blast!
Appointing a New Hong Kong Governor
Though Hong Kong has been out of our grasp since 1925 when we asked for German protection for our concessions, we have always held the territory legally. Even when it became administered by the Legation Council, we kept theoretical ownership of the whole city as one concession among many.\n\nOne thing that has always stayed constant is our right to appoint a governor in Hong Kong, but we have not done so in over a decade. The current Acting Administrator of Hong Kong is Norman Lockhart Smith, but though he is undoubtedly loyal to the Crown, he does have local connections that would possibly lead him to act more independently than we could prefer. We could easily earmark him as our candidate for High Commissioner of the Legation Cities, and thus find a way to make him accept his removal and replacement by Mark Aitchison Young, a more loyal civil servant currently stationed in the West Indies Federation. Alternatively, we could appoint Young to be our future voice in Shanghai, and keep Smith in his current position. Who should we choose?
Smith has served us well in Hong Kong.
Smith would serve us better in Shanghai.
Canada Appoints a New Consul in Shanghai
It would seem the British continue to extend their influence. They have contacted the Governor of Hong Kong, Norman Lockhart Smith, and have also appointed a new Consul in Shanghai, Mark Aitchison Young. He is now responsible for all British Concessions in China beyond Hong Kong, and it is anticipated the Canadians may soon begin to take more extreme actions to renew their influence. Norman Lockhart Smith is a man of the status quo, however, and he would lose much if it were to change. We could possibly stop the British plots in their tracks if we leant on him in some way.
This is nothing worthy of comment.
We should investigate Hong Kong and lean on Administrator Smith.
The British Appoint a New Governor for Hong Kong
The British have appointed Mark Aitchison Young as the new governor of Hong Kong, and have switched the former governor of Hong Kong, Norman Lockhart Smith, to be their ambassador in Shanghai, a position that was previously empty since the British withdrawal in 1926.
Worrying moves.
Investigating the British in Hong Kong
The British presence in the Cities has been growing for some months now, and their appointment of a new ambassador to Shanghai is worrying many Legation Council members, who fear that the British may soon attempt to re-assert themselves on the Council, or far more worryingly restore British rule to Hong Kong. Should we send someone to investigate Acting Administrator Smith's ties to the Crown?
Ask Du Yuesheng for help.
Huang Jinrong is a capable man!
The Japanese can be trusted.
Du Yuesheng's Results
Du Yuesheng's men have broken into some houses and conducted some interrogations, and the Triad seems confident he is on the way to finding out what the British are up to in Hong Kong. He currently believes that the Hongkongers might be trying to return to the fold of the British Empire by inviting Australasian or Canadian troops to occupy the city. He claims his men can get the results they need if they are granted permission to question Governor Smith. Should we let him proceed?
Go ahead.
It's too dangerous.
Huang Jinrong's Conclusions
Huang Jinrong appears to have hired several prominent Hongkonger businessmen to investigate the British Crown's activities in Hong Kong. He now has presented evidence to the High Commissioner that seems to implicate prominent Japanese businessmen in a plot to get Britain back onto the Legation Council. This might seem highly suspect, but Huang Jinrong just invited you on a trip down-town, and you wouldn't want to ruin the mood...
This man is a genius!
This is obviously a lie.
The Japanese Commission Wraps Up
The Japanese have found interesting pieces of evidence, many of which point to the British Crown attempting to regain their voting rights on the Legation Council. Our investigators have posited that a meeting with Governor Smith of Hong Kong could help them identify the full details of the plot. Should we allow the Japanese to proceed?
Send the Japanese in to deal with Smith.
They're just helping themselves.
The Confrontation With Governor Smith
Our agents have emerged from Governor Smith's house with startling news: the British are trying to both take back Hong Kong for the Crown and reclaim their voting rights on the Legation Council. These would drastically change the status quo of the Legation Cities and Hong Kong, radical changes that Governor Smith would prefer to avoid. He has assured our investigators and the Commissioner that he would be willing to obfuscate British plans to reconquer Hong Kong, if necessary, though he expects a healthy stipend in return.
Thank you for your time, sir.
Australasia Democratises
The Australasian Confederation has been ruled by the authoritarian hand of Governor-General Birdwood for twelve years. Now, however, it seems that the Crown has granted leave for new elections to be held. It is unlikely that radicals, even if elected, will be allowed to remain long, and so this news has bought the British some support in the Cities.
Stability is good for business.
Australasia Falls to Radicals
Canberra has been organising the British in our territory with a view of retaking Hong Kong or reclaiming the British voting rights. Now that Australasia is no longer in a position to protect them, having fallen to radicalism, this has dissuaded some from their efforts to regain the Crown's protection.
This should slow their progress.
A Royal Visit to Hong Kong
Today the HMS Sussex arrived in Hong Kong from Halifax with royal passengers - Prince Albert of Windsor and his young daughter, Princess Elizabeth. High Commissioner [LEC.GetLeader] and several other ambassadors and representatives to the Legation Council stood at the end of the dock to meet him. After some brief formalities, the Prince and his entourage got in a taxicab and drove quickly to the Peninsula Hong Kong hotel, citing his daughter's seasickness as the reason for the hasty departure. It is anticipated that he will have several meetings with important British officials and businessmen in Hong Kong throughout the month-long stay, as well as some tours about the city and its outskirts. Given the Prince's dislike for large public gatherings, however, it is unlikely that he will advertise these outings much.
Welcome to the Legation Cities, Your Royal Highness.
Our Place on the Legation Council
Our membership in the Legation Council, on behalf of Hong Kong, has now been passed on.
So be it.
Hong Kong and the Legation Council
Hong Kong is a British part of [LEC.GetNameDef], and thus it now falls to us to be the caretaker of the colony and its membership in the council.
We will do what we can
British Volunteers Arrive
Today, a thousand volunteers from across the British Empire in Asia arrived in Hong Kong to sign up for the defence force. Many of them were officers in Australasia, India, and Malaya, so they received officer commissions for the defence force as well. Unfortunately, both their presence within the defence force and the ceremony that accompanied the new recruits has lead to an up-tick in British patriotism and allegiance in Hong Kong.
We can always use more men, I suppose.
Bringing Hong Kong Back Into the Empire
Now that we are able to make our move, and the Legation Cities are in turmoil, it would be possible to move back into Hong Kong, and reclaim the city for the Empire. Some argue, however, that this move would alienate us internationally, as many nations do not recognise the presence of a responsible British government. Should we send the fleet?
Hong Kong shall be returned to the fold!
This would isolate us internationally.
The British Deploy Troops in Hong Kong!
The British have appeared to have mustered everything they could in the Legation Cities for an operation to reoccupy Hong Kong. Earlier today, a flotilla from the Royal Navy entered Victoria Harbour demanding that the governor of Hong Kong meet with the British at the Peninsula Hotel to discuss the “restoration of order” and immediate return of the former Crown Colony. No troops have disembarked from their ships, stopping this from becoming a full invasion. Still, it would appear that the situation is quite dire. We can, however, refuse their negotiations and ask the governor to hold out for a bit longer until we can bring reinforcements.
Withdraw the Volunteer Force, at least.
Let's hope our investigations and pressure have paid off...
Hong Kong Reclaimed!
After fifteen years we have finally reclaimed the Jewel of the East! Today our troops arrived in Tsim Sha Tsui and were met by the Governor who promised to acquiesce to our returned rule. Another small part of the world is painted red once more!
After fifteen years we have finally reclaimed the Jewel of the East! Today our troops disembarked in Tsim Sha Tsui and were met by the Governor who promised to acquiesce to our returned rule. Unfortunately, the Legation Cities have voted to reclaim this crucial port and have attacked us. We can, however, still celebrate the fact that another small part of the world is painted red once more!
God Save the King!
Hong Kong Unrest Ends
While there has been some unrest in Hong Kong for the past couple of months, the Hong Kong Police Force and garrison in the city have reported that the people have now come to accept the rule of the returned Empire. Some are even signing up for the Royal Navy!
Clearly they are men of sense in Hong Kong.
Smith Succeeds
Governor Smith has successfully defused the British loyalists in his administration, and they have informed the British administrators sent to occupy the city that they do not require their services. Our deal with Governor Smith has paid in dividends.
Good man.
Smith Betrays Us!
It seems that Governor Smith took our money and broke his promises! He has accepted the return of the British Crown with open arms, and with our forces in disarray we can do nothing.
Bastard.
Governor Smith Betrays Us
When our troops arrived in Hong Kong, they were greeted by Governor Smith, who privately informed our officials that he would by no means condone a British return. It is rumoured that the High Commissioner has bought his loyalty.
Call off the occupation.
British Voting Rights in the Legation Cities
When the Legation Council was created in 1928, the British were granted observer rights only, since Germany and Japan refused to recognise the government in Ottawa as a 'responsible British government.' Now that we have amassed a good deal of influence in the Cities, however, we are in a position to convince the Legation Council that our cause is just. We shall persuade the Austrian ambassador, as an uninterested third party, to motion for a restoration of our rights.
Let us ask Shanghai for our rights.
Restoration of the British Voting Rights
When the Legation Council was created in 1928, the United Kingdom, as the power with the most concessions in China, was naturally given a seat on the council. However, since Germany and Japan refused to recognise Ottawa as a 
The Council must vote on it.
We will push it through as a procedural matter.
The Legation Council Votes on Restoring Britain's Vote
When the Legation Council was created in 1928, the United Kingdom naturally was given a seat on the council. However, since Germany and Japan refused to recognise Ottawa as a 'responsible British government,' the British were given only observer rights. Now, however, it seems that British influence in the Cities is sufficient to get the Council to reconsider restoring the British vote. Now the Council votes on the matter...
The Legation Council Votes on Restoring Our Vote
Our government has heard from our ambassador in Shanghai that the Legation Council plans to vote on restoring our voting rights, denied at in 1928 by Germany and Japan on the grounds of a lack of 'responsible British government.' The ambassador states that is probable that we will be granted our rights, notwithstanding earlier Russian attempts ending in defeat.
We hope he is right.
The Results of the Vote on British Voting Rights
The Legation Council has voted on the question of restoring Britain's voting rights, and it seems that the vote has ended in...
Success!
Defeat.
The Legation Cities Unilaterally Restores British Rights
When the Legation Council was created in 1928, the United Kingdom naturally was given a seat on the council. However, since Germany and Japan refused to recognise Ottawa as a 'responsible British government,' the British were given only observer rights. Now, however, it seems that British influence in the Cities is sufficient to get the Council to reconsider restoring the British vote. The Austrian ambassador, rumoured to have been bribed by the British, today raised the issue, and it was accepted by the High Commissioner without a vote. It seems the British are back on the Council
And we weren't even consulted?
The Legation Council Restores Our Voting Rights
The Legation Cities only came to be because of Britain's inability to maintain her concessions after the collapse of the Empire. When we invited Germany to occupy Hong Kong in 1925, we could hardly have imagined the near total loss of influence we suffered throughout the next decade. We were never even granted any voting rights on the Legation Council, even though our concessions were the most numerous. Now, though, it seems the Legation Council has rectified their mistake. Today, our ambassador in Shanghai was granted voting rights after a tense debate. We have a share in China once again.
Three cheers for the Empire!
The Legation Council Votes Against Restoring Our Rights
It seems the Legation Council has rallied against the Austrian ambassador's motion to restore our voting rights. We shall have to wait for a better opportunity, and many recommend abandoning the idea of regaining our voting rights at all, instead focusing on retaking Hong Kong.
Damn them!
The Legation Cities Ask for Protection
Though the Legation Cities have a web of international guarantees of their security, obviously these were not enough for them. They have approached the British Crown for protection, and claim they will be strong bulwark of our alliance in East Asia. Many in Parliament, however, claim that this would only expose us to attack by the Japanese.
Welcome to the Entente.
It would be too risky.
[ENT.GetNameDefCap] Accepts
The British Crown has accepted our proposal for an alliance, and are currently dispatching officers and part of the Royal Navy to our aid.
Great!
[ENT.GetNameDefCap] Refuses
The British have refused to allow closer ties between us and their Empire. We shall have to continue to rely on the shaky international guarantees that we have always had.
That's a shame.
British Troops in Hong Kong
As our war with the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions rages on, the [FROM.GetAdjective]s have seen an opportunity to retake their former colony of Hong Kong. The Royal Navy's marines have now occupied Wan Chai and North Point on Hong Kong island and are now poised to take Kowloon. The governing administration in the Central district has accepted the return of the Crown. While this has weakened our enemies in Shanghai, this also means we will not be acquiring the port ourselves once the Cities fall.
Damn those underhanded British!
Mark Aitchison Young Appointed Ambassador to Shanghai
A hallmark of the British Empire, even in these days of decline, is its tendency to whisk away administrators, governors, and attachés to a post on the other side of the world from their original posting after some time. Today, word came from the colonial office that Governor Mark Aitchison Young, Governor of Barbados, was to be appointed to a new post, as the ambassador to the Legation Council and minister plenipotentiary in Shanghai.\n\nHis replacement, Grattan Bushe, sets a new precedent for the Empire, as Bushe is the first colonial governor to be appointed from the Colonial Office legal staff. A reclusive but educated man, the new governor seems set to continue the policies of his predecessor in our Federation and Barbados. After a farewell party last night in Bridgetown, Mr Aitchison set off for his new post at dawn.
Good luck in China, Mr Young.
Mark Aitchison Young Appointed Governor of Hong Kong
A hallmark of the British Empire, even in these days of decline, is its tendency to whisk away administrators, governors, and attachés to a post on the other side of the world from their original posting after some time. Today, word came from the colonial office that Governor Mark Aitchison Young, Governor of Barbados, was to be appointed to a new post, the Governor of Hong Kong, replacing the Acting Administrator Norman Smith, who has been formally granted the position of Ambassador to the Legation Council and Minister Plenipotentiary in Shanghai.\n\nHis replacement, Grattan Bushe, sets a new precedent for the Empire, as Bushe is the first colonial governor to be appointed from the Colonial Office legal staff. A reclusive but educated man, the new governor seems set to continue the policies of his predecessor in our Federation and Barbados. After a farewell party last night in Bridgetown, Mr Aitchison set off for his new post at dawn.
Farewell, Mr Young.
Gang Skirmish in Tianjin
For the most part, the buzzing streets of Tianjin have been spared from the turmoil that has afflicted the rest of China. While anything but calm, this Paris of the Orient has been more accustomed to fireworks than the battles-scarred cities to the west. Today however, the citizens of the city had their daily affairs interrupted as they were treated to a taste of the region's conflicts right at their doorstep.\n\nIt quickly became evident that this was no ordinary heist or criminal dispute as shots were exchanged in a busy street crossing near the diplomatic quarters. Four groups of men in suits, numbering about a dozen total, were exchanging fire before taking off. They managed to escape by mixing in with the panicked crowds, successfully using the general chaos of the situation to evade law enforcement. Two of the criminals were left dead on the ground, and with nothing to tie anyone to a motive or an organisation for the time being the police are left struggling to solve this one. Although an embarrassment for the Tianjin police department, the chief of police has ordered an increase in police presence in the area to root out the gangsters. At the very least, we should be thankful that no innocent people were injured in the crossfire.
Catch those crooks!
Escalation of Sectional Disputes
Mere days after the last skirmish, Tianjin was rocked again by another gun battle, this time within the diplomatic quarters itself. Luckily, the increased police presence prevented a repeat of the last public shooting. Their findings in its aftermath are, however, quite alarming.\n\nOnce more, the criminals had gathered in a similar fashion. Only this time, the Tianjin Police Department were able to both observe them before the crime and intervene as things went south. Two gangsters met one-another outside of a cafe and spoke to one another, exchanged a briefcase, and were then assaulted by a group of six men armed with revolvers, seemingly vying for whatever was in the suitcase. What followed almost seemed like it would be more befitting of a crime flick than real life as the stick-up was met by half four armed crooks on either side of them opening fire at the presumptive thieves as they realised all too late that their victims weren't alone. Even worse for all of them, the police were quick to intervene before any further tragedies could be had, and luckily enough all men gave up the moment they realised that they couldn't fight their way past half of Tianjin's police force. While most were tight-lipped about it, the contents of the briefcase gave away that the men are hired guns from local Triads acting as middlemen in a larger dispute, although the contents of the briefcase didn't give away who or what right away. After the suspects were subjected to lengthy interrogations, however, one eventually snapped and ratted them all out. They were acting on behalf of the Japanese embassy, but it gets more convoluted from there on. One group were acting on behalf of the navy attaché, another group from the colonial office, and yet another acting for the Japanese foreign affairs department. We suspect that more departments of the Japanese may be involved as well, but we have no concrete proof at the time being.\n\nThe fact the Japanese have factional disputes is not news to us, but it hasn't gotten this bad in public before. Now comes the difficult choice in deciding how to deal with this situation. We could intervene directly into the matter, although we should be mindful that doing so could open a bigger can of worms than simply letting this factional dispute die down on its own would.
Intervene!
Let it simmer down.
How to Intervene?
While it's clear that we have to act, it's less clear as to how we should make our move. Various officers in the police force have come forward, but they all seem to fall on two sides of the same debate. There are the ones that want an official intervention through public channels, and another group that insists that keeping things out of the public eye is essential. During the discussions, both sides made salient points. The prior put an emphasis on adherence to rules and that matters of this importance should be handled professionally and that not doing so would be tantamount to 'stooping to their level'. The other side countered by leaning in on practicality and the better chance of success if things are handled with discretion, noting that the Japanese factions involved are likely to merely dig in their heels if publicly pressured.\n\nWhen all was said and done, the decision was made to...
Attempt an official mediation.
Handle this behind the scenes.
Our Investigation Is Ignored by Japan
In a rather disappointing and embarrassing turn of events, our efforts to publicly intervene through official channels has been utterly stonewalled by the Japanese who outright refused to cooperate on the matter. The results so far have merely been strained relations and tensions between the camps, someone no one is happy with. After several weeks of trying, it's likely that continuing with this approach won't yield any different results either.\n\nAfter this fiasco, most seem ready to cut their losses and drop the issue, albeit reluctantly. A small but vocal contingent insists, however, that if they're insistent on hiding their activities then there most be a good reason for it, urging that we investigate them in secret.
Drop the issue.
Secretly investigate them.
Hiring an Investigator
Since we've chosen to investigate the matter, we must decide who we should hire to do the job. Needless to say, we ought to consider our choices carefully as we can't afford another blunder. Our first option is to hire Huang Jinrong, a Chinese detective with underground ties that has worked with the council in the past. Our past working relation coupled with him not harbouring any political biases for or against the Japanese makes him an obvious choice to some. His ties to the underground can, however, be seen as a double-edged sword if we're unlucky.\n\nIn the light of these concerns, some say that it would be more prudent to go for someone with a cleaner record. They have suggested the expertise of both American and German investigation bureau's operating in the region. While they have outstanding track records and are likely to thoroughly and professionally investigate the matter, their expertise lies more in white collar crime and may therefore be less suited for dealing with the Triads. There is also the matter of potential political biases, which we also need to consider. We only have one shot at getting to the bottom of this, so we have to make this investigation count.
Huang Jinrong will get to the bottom of this!
Hire the best American gumshoe in Shanghai!
The Germans are, if nothing else, thorough. Hire them!
The Investigation Goes Nowhere
Much to our frustration, Huang Jinrong has so far not turned up any leads. After a long period of radio silence he's finally contacted us again only to inform us that he's managed to turn up nothing but dead ends. While the long period without results has no doubt been as frustrating to him, he insists that the trial has gone cold, likely due to the amount of heat that the last fight and the public humiliation brought on by our publicly applied pressure. While a conclusive end to the investigation seems unlikely at this point, if what he says is true it should at least mean that we're not going to see any further escalations on this matter. Be that as it may, the investigation continues.
Something seems shady about this...
Huang Jinrong Raises Suspicions
Shortly after his reports to us, the police commissioner of Tianjin raised the alarm that 'pockmarked' Huang Jinrong himself may be implicated in this matter through his ties to the Green Gang, itself also implicated in the matter. The suspicion was raised when he seemed to deliberately and repeatedly omitted details in his recent reports which the Tianjin police knew to be the case. Because of this, the investigation is now turning around towards the supposed investigator himself with the Tianjin police department already on the case.\n\nIt may not have gone as planned, we have at least found our crook and been able to start shutting down the Triad activity tied to this case. If nothing else, the investigation has managed to direct the heat against the Chinese criminal interests in the cities. This should also push the Japanese fighting behind the scenes, at least for now, as their alleged Triad contacts are feeling the heat.
You just can't find good help these days.
Financial Crimes Uncovered
The American investigation was quick to bear fruit. With a heavy focus on financial transactions and economic interests as it pertains to the Japanese factions that sparked this whole situation, the bureau claims to be close to making a breakthrough. Apparently, the business interests tied to the Japanese did not cover their tracks.
Finally, some good news!
Lothar Eisenträger Implicated
Rather surprisingly, the investigation has had a breakthrough that uncovered something we did not expect. Lothar Eisenträger, a major German figure in the legations, has been implicated in this affair. Having had ties to the Japanese businesses that were financially tied to the disputes, the eyes of the law enforcement are now on him and the illicit financial activities he was tied to. As an added bonus, the heat being brought down on these business ties seems to have forced the Japanese factions to settle their disputes behind the scenes rather than on the streets.
And that's the end of that!
Investigations into Chinese Markets
The German bureau that we hired to investigate the matter has focused on financial crimes pertaining to the broader Chinese markets, believing that this is where they'd be most likely to find leads from a shady transaction. They seem to have been correct about their assessments, and are at this moment pursuing numerous leads. We should be seeing positive results in the near future.
Better than nothing.
Connections to Zhejiang Uncovered
The German investigation has wound its way beyond the Legation Cities into Zhejiang and Fujian, the domain of the Kuomintang bandits. It seems that the Japanese-funded gangs were KMT proxies the Japanese used to eliminate their rivals within the Japanese structure. On their recommendation, we have increased security in Shantou and Ningbo and the Japanese activity has seemingly quieted.
The Germans blamed the socialists, what a surprise...
Unofficial Mediation
Discretion is sometimes the better option, even if it may not entirely line up with protocol. Now then, we must choose which intermediary to go through. Although under the control of the Japanese Consulate, the China Agency would be an obvious choice as it would provide a direct and discreet channel of communications with the Japanese. Some claim, however, that approaching them would mean that we'd be dealing on Japanese terms. Although unorthodox, they suggest that going through the Triads using the leads we got from our earlier investigations. Going through them, we could be able to put more direct pressure on the Japanese in our dealings with them as they have relied on these Triads to do their inter-factional dirty work for now.
Go through the China Agency.
Use the Triads as middlemen.
Contacting the Triads
Contacting the Triads is not without risks, so let's hope we've made the right choice. Our options, based on the information we got from the arrests that the police made earlier, seem to be either Du Yuesheng or Zhang Xiaolin. Du is lower on the rung and has a notable role in the red light scene in Shanghai. Allegedly, some of the hired guns answer to him. Zhang on the other hand is probably the largest crime boss active in the Legations. Anything that could be tied to the Japanese involvement has likely passed through him at some point.
Approach Du Yuesheng, he's tied to this.
Zhang Xiaolin holds the cards, contact him.
Triads Backstab Us!
Our dealing with the Triads blew up in our faces! They sold us out to the Japanese and are extorting us over our dealings with them. To say that this limits our ability to act on the matter would be an understatement...
They want HOW much to keep this quiet?!
Escalation of Violence
We hoped that the violence would die down after the last incident. Instead, our inaction towards any of the main parties in this dispute has allowed them to continue their fighting. Yesterday an incident similar to the one that started this occurred, and today there was an arson attack against the residence of a member of the Japanese department for colonial affairs, no doubt tied to the brewing miniature war between these branches of the Japanese government any military. With the way things are going, the Tianjin police department is requesting more resources to deal with the spike in violence.
Deploy extra police from Shanghai!
Gangs Used As Proxies
As the violence escalates, it's becoming increasingly obvious that the Japanese military factions are hiring Triads and other Chinese gangs to fight their battles against each other for them. The fighting reached a fever pitch in recent days, and only the arrival of more police from other parts of the Legations seem to have had a marginal calming effect on things. Their investigators seem to believe, however, that a more likely reason for the gradual decrease in violence is because one of the factions is close to winning.
Which one will it be?
Zhang Xiaolin's Shady Dealings
In recent days, the fighting that briefly became a daily affair in the Legations has died down to nothing. With a final death toll in the dozens and several arrests being made, the power struggle between the Japanese factions has reached a conclusion. Whoever the victor is should become clear once one of the departments become more prominent in the weeks ahead. More importantly however, with one faction coming out on top we can expect the Japanese to take the initiative without these internal restrictions holding them back.
He should have quit while he was ahead...
The Japanese Are Emboldened
In recent days, the fighting that briefly became a daily affair in the Legations has died down to nothing. With a final death toll in the dozens and several arrests being made, the power struggle between the Japanese factions has reached a conclusion. Whoever the victor is should become clear once one of the departments become more prominent in the weeks ahead. More importantly however, with one faction coming out on top we can expect the Japanese to take the initiative without these internal restrictions holding them back.
This is probably bad for us.
The Japanese Resolve Their Differences
Going through the China Agency, we used the evidence we had to help the Japanese resolve their factional disputes. The fact that the Japanese military, navy, colonial department and foreign ministries have severe differences is no secret, but through a series of difficult negotiations we've managed to help resolve their disputes behind the scenes. With the conflict defused, business as usual soon returned to the cities.\n\nAlthough some are unhappy with this development as it means that the infighting that put a cap on the growth of Japanese influence has diminished thanks to this new inter-agency cooperation and bolstered role of the China Agency, most are just happy that further tragedy was averted.
No fighting is good for everyone, right?
Huey Long Is Elected President of the United States
As an institution heavily reliant on American power projection in East Asia, the Legation Cities' future depends on the whims of that power. Following the recent election of Huey Long as the future thirty-second president of the United States, public confidence in the Legation Cities has plummeted, as the isolationist Long seems unlikely to employ American military and diplomatic backing to protect the International Mandate from any future threats.
Hopefully we won't need it.
Floyd Olson Is Elected President of the United States
As an institution heavily reliant on American power projection in East Asia, the Legation Cities' future depends on the whims of that power. The 1936 election has borne a strange result, the election of the Progressive Floyd Olson on a National Unity ticket. It would seem that, hoping to preserve American democracy, the Republican and Democratic Parties have temporarily united to defeat the radical threat. While the National Unity Party's overriding focus is internal stability and not diplomacy or power projection, that very focus has convinced many investors in the Cities that the Americans will remain a stabilising presence for years to come.
They had better be right...
John Nance Garner Is Elected President of the United States
As an institution heavily reliant on American power projection in East Asia, the Legation Cities' future depends on the whims of that power. Following the recent election of the Democratic candidate John Nance Garner as the future thirty-second president of the United States, public confidence in the Legation Cities has risen, as the conservative Texan Garner seems likely to support the Legation Cities as a necessary tool for ensuring peace in the Far East.
Our prospects look good.
Alf Landon Is Elected President of the United States
As an institution heavily reliant on American power projection in East Asia, the Legation Cities' future depends on the whims of that power. Following the recent election of the Republican candidate Alf Landon as the future thirty-second president of the United States, public confidence in the Legation Cities has soared, as the pro-business Landon seems likely to support the Legation Cities as a crucial arm of American diplomacy and commerce in the Far East.
A man after my own heart!
President Long's Actions Destabilise the Cities
It seems that newly elected President Long has begun a process of extensive political reform designed to radically transform America. Many of his Executive Orders have already been blocked by the Supreme Court, but this has not dissuaded him. These moves are worrying financiers in the Legation Cities, but most remain hopeful that the democratic system will suffice to resolve these problems.
Let's keep calm here
General MacArthur Assumes Control Over the United States
Shocking news has come from the United States over the past couple of days. It seems that the Chief of Staff, General Douglas MacArthur, has taken complete control of the government, apparently in response to 'improper actions' by the President. However this crisis resolves itself, this has put an enormous dent in the Legation Cities' faith in America. Some bookmarkers in Shanghai are even offering good odds that America will soon fall into civil war again.
This won't have a happy ending.
Civil Disorder in the United States
It would seem that the new president, [USA.GetLeader], has been unable to pacify the turmoil that is American politics. The Socialists and the Longists have both risen up in the Steel Belt and the Deep South, respectively. President [USA.GetLeader] has assured the international community that democracy is still alive in America, and that once he diffuses the current crisis America will return to prosperity.
It seems that the new president of the United States, [USA.GetLeader], has pacified the socialists and associated unions and strikers in the north. Enraged with these actions, the rightist radical Huey Long has risen up in the South, though unlike the last time the South rebelled he has declared he has no intention of seceding, but instead intends to restore 'rightful American values' to the nation. Though public confidence in America has been greatly shaken by these events, most remain confident that President [USA.GetLeader] will be able to resolve the situation.
It seems that the new president of the United States, [USA.GetLeader], has pacified Huey Long and his movement in the South. Subsequently, the leftist unions and Socialist Party of America have risen up in the north, outraged by the actions of the government. Though public confidence in the United States is undoubtedly shaken, many in the Cities were privately predicting something of the sort, and would not be surprised if this rebellion took a violent turn.
We may soon be on our own.
Massive Unrest In the United States Leads to Unrest In the Cities
As many predicted, General MacArthur's seizure of power in the United States has triggered a crisis, as both Huey Long and the SPA have denounced MacArthur and risen up in the south and north respectively. Many democratically-aligned officials have fled to regroup in the West under the banner of [ACC.GetNameDef], where they have denounced all who seek to destroy the American way of life. With such chaos in the United States, the people of the Legation Cities have lost all hope they might ever have had for American power and influence coming to aid the Cities in need, and public confidence in the American-run Council has plummeted still further.
Curse those radicals!
The Second American Civil War Begins
As many have anticipated since the crisis in American politics began, the United States have fallen into civil war yet again. This has created a power vacuum in the Far East, as America was one of the strongest proponents of the status quo, and its embodiment in the Legation Cities. With them temporarily out of the picture, the very fundamental nature of the Cities will undoubtedly change radically. The first thing to be decided by the Council is what the new voting arrangements for America are, and more importantly which America we are to recognise. If the American voting rights are removed, it is likely that a new High Commissioner will then be elected by the Council. What is sure is that these will be uncertain times for the Mandate.
We shall do our best, whatever may come.
Official Reaction to the Second American Civil War
Since America is hardly able to protect its Chinese concessions, and since we don't even know what the true America is, many are questioning whether to alter the Americans' legal status in the Legation Cities.
We don't need a vote, America is fine.
We should consider amending their situation.
The Political Future of the Legation Cities
The only change in leadership in the Legation Council's short history has been the replacement of Stirling Fessenden with his chosen successor, Nelson Johnson. Then, in the heyday of the Cities in 1932, there was no doubt in any ambassador's mind that a continued American presence was needed, and the transfer of power was smooth. Now, however, with the American civil war raging, the American China Marines withdrawing from Shanghai, and China in chaos, things are different.\n\nWith the invocation of Article 14, High Commissioner Johnson has chosen to step down temporarily, in order to ensure a fair vote. The Council then unanimously voted in Erwin von Zach, the Austro-Hungarian delegate, as the temporary High Commissioner, and the politicking began. The Germans and Japanese delegations, each of which were receiving constant communications from their government instructing them to secure the post of High Commissioner, argued constantly that their opposite number and America were both incapable of protecting the consular powers interests in the Far East, and that only their nation could successfully keep the peace.\n\nThough the American ambassador at a critical time to his country's fate, Mr Johnson himself appeared quite worn out, and the voice of America in the chamber was mostly provided by Patrick Hurley, the current Deputy Commissioner. He argued that the United States was sure to emerge from the civil war even stronger than before, and that they would surely come to Shanghai's aid at any time. This notion was almost universally derided throughout the Council, and Pyotr Tiedemann, the Russian representative, was heard to mutter to his neighbour that ‘the Americans are a spent force in Asia forever.'\n\nAny effect the surprise of proffering his own nation as a dark horse candidate might have provided was soon robbed of him, as the British ambassador rose to speak. He dealt eloquently with the American conflict, and Mr Johnson was seen to give his first weary smile of the session. Acting-Administrator Smith also dealt ably with the Japanese and German ambassador's criticisms of his home country's status on the Council. Who better, he argued, to preside over the Council than a member with no vote? This was met with quiet consternation from the German and Japanese delegations, but Mr Hurley was seen speaking to Acting-Administrator Smith as the Council adjourned. After dinner, Ambassador von Zach motioned for a vote, and the ambassadors took their seat once more. In the end, it seems the Council believed...
The Americans are still capable!
The Japanese, and a better Asia!
Only the Germans can ensure stability!
The British are a natural successor to the Americans.
Americans Remain Dominant in the Legation Council
Following the outbreak of the Second American Civil War, the Legation Cities, heavily reliant on American protection and influence, fell into a power vacuum. The Legation Council had to vote on a new High Commissioner to lead the Mandate into the future, and it seems they have chosen for the incumbent American High Commissioner, [LEC.GetLeader], to stay in the role. This surely signals a renewed commitment to the Open Door policy within the Cities, but what is unknown is how far the Cities will go to secure their neutrality.
Responsible government endures in Shanghai, at least.
Interesting.
The Japanese Ambassador Becomes High Commissioner in Shanghai
Following the outbreak of the Second American Civil War, the Legation Cities, heavily reliant on American protection and influence, fell into a power vacuum. The Legation Council had to vote on a new High Commissioner to lead the Mandate into the future, and it seems they have chosen the Japanese. The Legation Cities are now sundered, possibly forever, from the idea of a pro-Western Open Door to China, and it is unknown if the Cities will even remain nominally neutral in the years to come.
Asians for Asia!
The German Candidate Becomes the New High Commissioner of the Legation Cities
Following the outbreak of the Second American Civil War, the Legation Cities, heavily reliant on American protection and influence, fell into a power vacuum. The Legation Council had to vote on a new High Commissioner to lead the Mandate into the future, and it seems they have chosen Ambassador Bodenheimer, the German delegate. This probably signals an anti-Japanese turn in the Cities, and possibly a pro-Zhili alignment.
Most fortuitous.
The British Dominate the Legation Council
Following the outbreak of the Second American Civil War, the Legation Cities, heavily reliant on American protection and influence, fell into a power vacuum. The Legation Council had to vote on a new High Commissioner to lead the Mandate into the future, and it seems they have chosen a complete dark horse candidate in [LEC.GetLeader], the British ambassador to Shanghai. Few can predict what the British will do with the Cities, but most presume a turn to the British Crown for protection would not be unwarranted.
Good man, that [LEC.GetLeader].
Ambassador Bodenheimer Invokes Article 14
As some weeks have passed since the outbreak of the Second American Civil War, and the High Commissioner has done nothing, the German ambassador to Shanghai has invoked Article 14 of the Legation Treaty, which calls for a leadership change if the current High Commissioner's nation is unwilling or unable to provide backing to the Mandate. While we were planning to do this ourselves soon, our lack of political capital has allowed the Germans to get one over on us.
How did he know our plans?
The Japanese Delegation Invokes Article 14
As some weeks have passed since the outbreak of the Second American Civil War, and the High Commissioner has done nothing, the Japanese delegation in Shanghai has invoked Article 14 of the Legation Treaty, which calls for a leadership change if the current High Commissioner's nation is unwilling or unable to provide backing to the Mandate. While we were planning to do this ourselves soon, our lack of political capital has allowed the Japanese to get one over on us.
How were they privy to our intentions?
Recognising an American Government
As the United States falls into anarchy, their status in the Cities is left in doubt. While the civil war's eventual victor would be well placed to claim their voting rights on the Council, recognising one faction or another would surely lead to international condemnation, as we could hardly satisfy every power and their desires. For the time being, we should welcome representatives from the numerous warring American governments and wait until a truly successful faction has emerged from the bloody fratricide.
A simple solution.
The Legation Cities Grant Us Observer Rights
The Legation Cities have made the decision to grant representatives from all nations involved in the Second American Civil War access to the Council chambers. Much like Britain and Russia, we are now effectively locked out of decision-making in the mandate.
They have no spine in Shanghai!
[FROM.GetName] Requests the Restoration of Their Voting Rights
The American representative in Shanghai has requested the return of the American voting rights owed to it by the Legation Treaty, since their concessions remain unconfiscated. While we could refuse, snubbing the newly reunited America could be a foolish action. However, maybe it would be best to limit their influence in China in the near future.
The Council must vote on it.
The High Commissioner will push it through.
America will never return to prominence in the East!
The Legation Council Votes on Restoring America's Rights
Now that America has been reunited, it has been seeking to restore its power worldwide, and has petitioned the Legation Council for the return of its voting rights. While they acted as a force of stability in Asia before, would it really be wise to limit our own power even further?
The Legation Council Votes on Restoring Our Voting Rights
The Legation Council has agreed to our request for a vote on returning our voting rights, and the great powers' emissaries have already begun debating fiercely over the subject.
Sounds hopeful.
The Results of the Vote on Restoring American Rights
The results of the vote on restoring American voting rights have been announced, and it seems the motion has...
Passed!
Failed.
The Legation Council Votes to Restore Our Rights
The assembled powers of the Legation Council have seen sense and have voted to restore our voting rights on the Council. We may now exert some more influence in the Far East, and we are a little closer to regaining our power.
Great!
The Legation Council Votes Against Restoring Our Rights
The assembled powers of the Legation Council have voted not to restore our voting rights, deeming us incapable of asserting control in China to protect our concessions. We are left with observer rights permanently, it seems.
Damn.
The Legation Council Restores America's Voting Rights
In response to the American motion to restore voting rights to that nation after the end of their civil war, the High Commissioner has unilaterally granted them their wishes, without even calling a vote. America is on their way to returning to prominence in Asia.
We should have been involved in that decision!
The Legation Council Restores Our Voting Rights
The High Commissioner has agreed with out request to return our voting rights on the Legation Council, without even consulting the other powers. While it has angered some of the other great powers, informed members of the populace are rejoicing.
Amazing!
The Legation Council Refuses to Restore America's Voting Rights
In response to the American petition to restore their voting rights on the Legation Council, the High Commissioner has unilaterally shut them down. They are too unstable to return to prominence in the Far East, he implied. Whether the Americans will request it again is unknown, but what is certain is that we should have been consulted on this important matter.
The status quo prevails.
The Legation Council Refuses to Restore Our Rights
The High Commissioner in Shanghai has refused our request without even consulting the member nations of the Council. This is an outrage!
We are powerless in China.
Ambassador Johnson Offers to Resign
With the outbreak of the civil war, the Legation Council was deprived of American support, and has consequently lost some legitimacy. Our ambassador in Shanghai, Nelson T Johnson, has proposed a move to restore some American prestige in Shanghai - his own resignation. He reasons that since he is associated with the failing regime in America, our interests in Asia would be better served by replacing him with his deputy, Patrick J Hurley. Hurley is a more forceful man, but might be a block in eventual reunion between the Legation Cities and China.
Replace Johnson, he's served his time.
He can be useful yet.
Ambassador Johnson Replaced
Following the recent leadership contest, the American government in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has replaced Ambassador Nelson T Johnson with the long-time Deputy High Commissioner of the Legation Cities, Patrick Hurley. They seem to believe this will shore up faith in America here in the Far East.
Good luck, Mr Hurley.
[FROM.GetAdjective] Government Confirms Ambassador Johnson
Although the American ambassador, Nelson Johnson, offered his resignation to the American government in the west, President [Root.GetLeader] has refused his resignation. They believe his presence is a stabilising one, and that he is more amenable to political change than his suggested successor, Patrick Hurley.
He'll do his job well enough.
The United States Sends Troops to Shanghai
Citing security concerns following the collapse of the League of Eight Provinces, the Americans have sent more troops to the volunteer force in Shanghai, as well as reinforcing their own China Marines. This has increased American popularity in the Cities, as well as boosting our manpower.
Seems like a good deal.
The China Marines Leave Shanghai
With the outbreak of the civil war, the American government has recalled the 4th Marine Regiment, popularly referred to as the 'China Marines,' back to America. While American interests in the Far East can only be hurt by this retreat, the American government, in the midst of a civil war, has clearly decided that domestic commitments are more important than foreign ones. Charles F. B. Price led his troops through the city of Shanghai this morning in a grand parade before boarding the USS President Harrison, whereupon, along with many of the American Yangtze Patrol gunboats, they steamed out of the harbour. Soon after the last ships crossed the horizon, the streets were back to normal.
I hope they weren't needed.
Attacks In Tianjin
With Black Monday's ill effects leading to a collapse in living standards of native Chinese in the Mandate, various mobs have been forming trying to find someone to blame for these conditions. In Tianjin, Japanese Buddhists have been beaten, robbed and in some cases murdered. The Japanese are incensed and have offered to send a garrison of their own to maintain order in the city and prevent further attacks. However, this is extremely unpopular with other members of the Council. While allowing Japan to get involved would take a burden off our own limited resources, it could give them additional influence in the Council.
Accept, it's not like we can handle it ourselves.
Refuse - its our duty to maintain security in the cities, not Japan's.
Operations Secured In Tianjin
Our troops have finally gained a stranglehold on our concession within Tianjin, granting us a formidable base to consolidate our military operations in China. While this is certainly not enough to allow passage to Fengtian, the military high command are already exploring options to destabilise the city and give our troops legitimate reasoning to enact a full scale occupation.
All according to plan...
This has gone quite far enough, cancel any further plans!
Terrorist Attack In Tianjin!
Horrible news has reached Shanghai! A bomb has just gone off in the old town of Tianjin! Scores of innocent people are dead and even more are wounded as the fire and medical services scramble to get the survivors treatment. The police have already began an investigation and have pointed the finger at the native Chinese and have promised that this just another act of the anti-concessionist movement. The Chinese themselves are incensed they are taking the blame and have claimed dark forces are at work from beyond the shadows.
Well that was a speedy investigation.
Rioting In Tianjin!
Following the terrorist attack in Tianjin, the Japanese forces have shown great eagerness in their own crackdown on anti-concessionist forces, often surpassing the official investigators in brutality, angering an already incensed population. The tensions have finally hit a crisis with mass rioting engulfing the city. The Japanese delegation in Shanghai has warned that with the situation continuing to spiral out of control, the Empire will have no choice but to take 'pre-emptive action' in doing what we cannot. Meanwhile the authorities in Tianjin have taking executive action and began dealing with the rioters themselves, promising some semblance of reform. While much of the council is prepared to turn a blind eye, others and especially Japan have called for this to be vetoed, citing that this is in direct dispute of the Council's mandate.
Veto them, we don't want to anger the council
Keep the reforms to a minimum...
Terrorist Attack In Tianjin Foiled!
In the early hours of the morning, an explosive device failed to detonate properly and the Tianjin police were able to disarm it before the bomb could do any real harm. A manhunt for the terrorist has already begun - though with little evidence as to who may have planted it, there isn't much hope for a speedy investigation or a good result. Huang Jinrong has been called upon to investigate the attempted bombing, though the German delegation has proposed their own investigative team take charge citing Huang's less than scrupulous methods.
Let the Germans investigate.
Allow Jinrong to proceed.
Arms Shipment Discovered!
During a routine custom's inspection of a ship docking in Shanghai, a massive cache of weapons has been discovered with all of the crew aboard being put under arrest until further notice with the ship officially seized. An official investigation is under way and is expected to get some results soon.
Never a dull day in Shanghai!
Japanese Guns In A Russian Ship
The investigation has finally returned and gathered up all the evidence available to them. The ship itself is Russian in origin, registered to a shipping company in Vladivostok but the guns are Japanese in nature and comprised mostly out of obsolete Arisakas. The crew have given no useful leads and it appears we will have to track this down to the source, either investigating the shipping company in Vladivostok or calling on the Japanese to assist.
Look into the shipping company.
Call the Japanese for assistance.
A Warm Day In Vladivostok
Our agents in the Russian port city of Vladivostok have recently contacted us with an interesting lead. After having obtained manifests from the shipping company it appears that the arms were being sold to the China Agency with Japan using the Russian shipping route to clear suspicion and launder the weapons. Now with this evidence our agents in the Legations can begin an official investigation into the China Agency.
Something strange is afoot...
The Investigation Gets Stonewalled
The Japanese have been less than cooperative with our detectives, either outright refusing to help or giving vague or downright bizarre answers. It seems that the Japanese will be of no help in this investigation and we will to go down other avenues of investigation... The Green Gang are the obvious choice, assuming their leaders haven't been incarcerated.
The Green Gang don't seem like too bad fellows...
Japanese Intrigue In China
With an official investigation of the China Agency having gone under way we have finally reached the bottom of these arms shipments and it appears that the Japanese are arming loyal collaborators in preparation for a full scale invasion and occupation of China. Now that the genie is out of the bottle we will have to pick a side, either offering the Japanese a deal or attempting to crackdown on their smuggling.
Let's cut them a deal.
Start a crackdown.
Offering A Deal
In some dirty backroom somewhere in one of Shanghai's many backstreets representatives from the China Agency have met with representatives from the Legations Council. The China Agency are aware we're onto them and now it is time for us to press down the boot. We can obviously look the other way to their indiscretions on the condition that they...
... grant us some future favours.
... give us everything they have on Du Yuesheng.
Beginning The Crackdown
With full knowledge of the indiscretions of the China Agency it is time to put the boot down and remind the Japanese that the Legations are not mere pawns in their game for China. Huang Jinrong is the obvious choice to lead the crackdown but his criminal connections could compromise the status of the council. While the Chamber of Commerce has put itself forward as a more 'moral' alternative, many commissioners doubt their capabilities.
Huang Jinrong will lead the crackdown.
The Chamber of Commerce is a more palatable choice.
The Crackdown Succeeds!
Good news has reached Shanghai! The crackdown against the China Agency has went exceptionally well despite the best attempts by the Japanese to obstruct us. With the China Agency defanged and its operations limited solely to its more legal avenues we have removed one of the larger thorns in our side. While the Japanese are internally seething, there is little they can do now.
Stability returns to Shanghai!
The Crackdown Fails!
Terrible news has reached Shanghai! The crackdown against the China Agency has gone horribly wrong! The organisation was able to successfully hide in the deep underbellies of the city and obscure its more illegal operations. While this will have little short-term effect, in the long term Japan will be able to regroup and bolster their operations.
Well that's not good...
Help From The Green Gang
While it is unfortunate we have to ask for help from common gangsters, with the Japanese proving unwilling to cooperate, we have had to turn to less than orthodox means. By offering to turn a few blind eyes, The Green Gang has agreed to do some investigation work for us and has come to the conclusion that the Japanese are using the China Agency to funnel arms to their contacts in the Chinese interior with the Legation Cities as the smuggling point. While this evidence is flimsy at best we could use it as a prerogative for a more... official investigation.
This could prove very interesting...
Shanghai Says Yes!
Great news from Shanghai, the Mandate has agreed to give us a green light to further operations in Tianjin. It seems that their economic woes were just too much to maintain security in the city. Regardless, this greatly benefits ourselves and we can now beginning garrisoning more troops in Tianjin, making way for an eventual takeover.
The dominoes are starting to fall...
Japanese Troops Garrison Tianjin
It seems that economic woes have gone down hard on the Legation Cities and they have decided to outsource much of their security operations to the Japanese to keep their economy afloat. While there is little we can do to stop them, there has been uproar in the council over the shifting balance of power and with calls for Japan to not abuse their position in the city.
Worrying, to say the least.
Shanghai Refuses!
Terrible news has come out of Shanghai! The International Council has refused to give us a green light to further expand military operations! This is a major blow to our plans to take over Tianjin and we will now have to wait for the China Agency to orchestrate more attacks before we can make our demands again.
Damn!
Terrorist Attack In Tianjin!
Earlier today an explosive device was detonated in the port city of Tianjin, killing scores of civilians and wounding many more. The police have claimed that this is simply a case of the anti-concessionist violence though the native Chinese are adamant that 'dark forces' are at work, with some wondering if this has any relation to our recent involvement of Tianjin. Obviously the military has claimed it has nothing to do with them.
Nothing to do with us!
Japan Demands A Security Garrison
Members of the Japanese delegation have petitioned the mandate to grant Japan a green light to begin security operations in Tianjin. Arguing that the Tianjin Police have been unable to stem the tide of attacks they now believe that only their own troops can guarantee the safety of their citizens.
They do raise a good point...
What do they think we are, the Japanese Cities?
Huang Jinrong Returns
Huang Jinrong has come to us with glorious news having caught the bomber - one of the usual miscreant native Chinese though under interrogation he admitted that he himself was not the mastermind behind the plot but instead a rogue Japanese officer. While the Japanese have court-martialled the officer and are attempting to distance themselves from the plot, this serves as a politically embarrassing incident.
Hurray!
The Germans Return
The German investigation returned with little luck, having apprehended only a few of the typical miscreants, none of which had shown any initiative or intelligence to construct the bomb and plan out such an attack. After successive interrogations the men were released and we find ourselves with no leads or clues. The Germans have admitted that their 'sources' have failed and promise they'll catch them next time.
Damn!
Invade Tianjin?
The Legation Council has gone bankrupt, spelling an end to the International Mandate. Now, as Shanghai devolves into street fights and chaos, the outlying cities of the Mandate are left unprotected. In Tianjin, rioters and gangs have mostly been suppressed, and the city police are slowly regaining control, aided by our troops and prominent Triads, all of whom are trying to secure the city for one faction or another.\n\nThere is not much time before Beijing hears the news, and they are almost guaranteed to try and take the city if they can. We have one opportunity to secure the city for ourselves before they can mobilise - should we take it?
Dispatch our troops!
Let China have it.
The Japanese Invasion of Tianjin
The Japanese have invaded Tianjin with the full power of the IJN supporting their troops already in their concessions there. They claim to be merely helping us secure the city from unidentified bandits, but this move is clearly very aggressive and beyond the normal parametres of Japanese movements in the Mandate.
The Japanese have invaded Tianjin with the full power of the IJN supporting their troops already in their concessions there. With the Legations in chaos due to their recent bankruptcy, nothing could be done to avoid this outcome.
We cannot hope to resist them.
Awful!
Tianjin Successfully Captured
Tianjin is in our hands! Our troops easily sailed into the second city of the Mandate, and are occupying it even now.
Surprisingly, the Legation Cities have responded to our invasion with incredible hostility, and though we have occupied Tianjin, we are now in a state of war with them.
All according to plan.
The Administration of Tianjin
Though, of course, we have admitted the Mandate still is sovereign in Tianjin, we can do, in effect, whatever we want with it. Some, in order to expedite the war with the Central Government by our Fengtian allies, propose handing it over to them, while others wish to keep it for ourselves.
We will retain it for now.
Hand it over to the rightful Chinese government.
Japan Hands Over Tianjin to Us
The Japanese have recently occupied Tianjin, and have been deliberating the fate of the city. Happily for us, they have decided to restore the city's administration to the rightful Chinese government, and our troops have already moved into the city. This is a great day for all Chinese!
One step closer to reunifying China!
The Occupation of Tianjin
With pro-Japanese forces having gained control of the Legation Council, they are now beginning to exert their influence. The Legation Council has not only recognised us, they have invited our troops into Tianjin to 
Still, an enormous coup!
In that case, it's not worth it.
[FNG.GetNameDefCap] Occupies Tianjin
The Fengtian government, with the assistance of the Japanese and the Legation Council, has occupied Tianjin, opening another flanking front for their troops in the coming war. This has energised our people even further to expel the imperial collaborators from our land, but there is little we can do, for now.
Awful!
Weapons Stockpiles in the Legation Cities
Some of our friends in Shanghai have suggested a cunning plan to enrich all and aid our coming war in China - we will provide our agents in the Cities with weapons, and when we are fighting our war they shall smuggle them back to our forces. This will greatly aid our supply lines.
Sounds like a plan.
The Legation Cities Supply Our Troops
The pro-Japanese but ostensibly neutral council in Shanghai have been secretly charged by our Japanese allies to deliver our ground troops with weapons smuggled across the neutral zones, and they have done just that.
Good news.
Fengtian Accepts
[FNG.GetNameDefCap] has accepted our offer of free passage through Tianjin, meaning they have also accepted our demand of continuing to receive the profits of Mandate-owned industries and Mandatory protective tariffs from nations not on the Council.
Cooperation is good for everybody.
Fengtian Refuses
[FNG.GetNameDefCap] has refused our offer of free passage through Tianjin, as they are unwilling to accept our terms for retaining many of the profits that the city provides. Tianjin will remain part of the decaying Mandate for now.
We can serve the Empire better than they can, anyway.
[FNG.GetNameDefCap]'s Coup in Tianjin
After almost two years of occupation, it seems the [FNG.GetAdjective] government no longer feels obliged to stay constant to the terms of our agreement. They have cancelled any shipments to Shanghai, and have put very competitive tariffs on goods coming into Tianjin.
How annoying.
Guns Smuggled Into Shanghai
Japanese arisakas have found their way into Shanghai and are already being distributed to pro-Japanese collaborators within the Mandate and in areas of China far beyond. Of course there's nothing to see here...
Guns come and go every day. We mustn't follow every one of them.
Triad Activity in Fuzhou
One of the pre-eminent members of the Green Gang, Zhang Xiaolin, has begun opening store fronts and suppressing local crime in Fuzhou. This is one of the first times Xiaolin has attempted an independent operation in a different city from Shanghai, and this operation could reveal his style of conducting a gang. What will he order his men to do?
Xiaolin's men are deadly.
Xiaolin's men expand the Triad organisation.
Xiaolin likes profit, however he can find it.
A Fight on the Docks
In the Fuzhou port gang violence between Xiaolin's men and a local gang looking to curb Xiaolin's encroaching influence has broken out during a smuggling operation of the Green Gang. Xiaolin's men, intercepted by the rival gang, opened fire almost immediately, killing several and wounding many more. While they are a step closer to securing the dockyards of Fuzhou, their reputation has suffered.
More violence, great.
Heroin Production Goes Local
Zhang Xiaolin, an important member of the Green Gang, has created a domestic Fuzhouan heroin production, making it unnecessary for him to smuggle the heroin from Shanghai, thus making his operations far more secure than they are currently.
We should crack down on the imports from Shanghai.
We should focus on stopping local refinement.
A New Temple Opens in the Town
Zhang Xiaolin, an important member of the Green Gang, has gracefully sponsored a new temple in Fuzhou, however reports have surfaced that this temple is used more for smuggling drugs than religious worship.
What a waste of real estate.
Green Gang Secures Control of Shipping
The Green Gang has taken over much of the shipping in Fuzhou, especially of the smuggling of drugs, with them finally being able to push out more smaller local Triads. These had been a thorn in the side of Xiaolin's Green Gang, as they attacked or intercepted smuggling of drugs before.
They better leave legal shipping alone!
Drugs Proliferating
Drugs have become more and more common in Fuzhou, with the police being unable to stop the spread of them, with the most popular drugs being opium and heroin. Many of the new drugs are being produced in Fuzhou, though Shanghai remains the hotbed of drug creation.
Where are the police when you need them?
Zhang Xiaolin's New Powerbase
Zhang Xiaolin has established Fuzhou as his new power base for his smuggling operations, giving him and the Green Gang a sizeable advantage over other, more local, Triads. He is using his new power base already to expand his smuggling operation elsewhere within China. Many within the government ask how we should respond to this new development, as he may be an useful ally, though some say his new rival and former partner Du Yuesheng could be a more valuable one. Some propose that the best course of action is simply to try and eradicate his gang from Fuzhou, now that he has proved himself a disturber of the peace.
Go to Du Yuesheng.
Try to root him out.
Work with Xiaolin.
Strange Things At The Vermillion Society
The Vermillion Society is a collection of various clubs, informal groupings, secret societies and organisations made up of wealthy and influential men in the Mandate, often from Chinese or mixed-race backgrounds. The Society's nationalist leaning is an open secret and their funding of nationalist organisations throughout China is somewhat in the open, though it has never been confirmed to be true. The Society provides somewhat of a headache to the council and represents in the broadest terms Chinese influence in the Legations. Recently, Mandate financial auditors have discovered numerous irregularities in the funding of the Society with the trail leading back to Hong Kong. While there is no evidence as to whether or not this is simple tax evasion or a much grander conspiracy, we should investigate and see where the clues take us.
Let's see where this goes...
Oh I don't know anything about tax evasion.
The Hotung Connection
Our investigations have borne fruit and the paper trail leads back to none other than Sir Robert Hotung of Hong Kong. Hotung is one of Hong Kong's more influential businessman and is widely respected in the city and the Mandate at large. One of the richest men in Hong Kong, Hotung controls much of the city's largest enterprises and was able to expand his influence when the British were partially evicted. Hotung is a notable Chinese nationalist and was involved in the founding of the Vermillion Society when his Hong Kong based Chinese Club merged with similar groups, with Hotung still acting as the de facto chairman of the Hong Kong branch and is by far its most notable figure.\n\nDespite his leanings Hotung is ironically one of the larger supporters of the Legations among the Chinese crowd, seeing no contradiction in his support for both Chinese nationalism and the perceived safety of the cities. Despite all this it seems the old man is despairing at the situation of China and has began desperately funding nationalist organisations across the spectrum including the fledgling KMT, the Fengtian Government and Chen Jiongming's Federalists. While funding these organisations is not illegal, tax evasion is and it gives us an opportunity to crack the monetary lifelines of some of the Legations greatest existential threats.
Sir Robert would surely understand.
Questions Need To Be Asked
The initial investigation into the KMT connection regarding Sir Robert has not gone particularly brilliant. The investigation team has been unable to locate any KMT members beyond the usual low-ranking miscreants, all of whom are unaware to the greater workings of the Kuomintang machine. To make matters worse the KMT appear to be onto us and have since retreated to the shadows. If this investigation is to go any further we'll need to call in some help. China Agency operatives are notoriously efficient, though they may meet the same end as the Mandate investigators. Du Yuesheng is a known KMT sympathiser and could very easily lead us to the KMT cells in exchange for a favour or two...
Well they are very good at their jobs.
Best of a bad bunch I suppose...
The Japanese Are On The Case!
After some drawn out negotiations, we have finally come to an amicable agreement with the Japanese. In exchange for offshoring the investigation to the China Agency, we'll look the other way on some of their more... illicit operations. While not exactly ethical, it does allow us to get to the bottom of this mystery and at a bargain too.
All for the greater good, right?
The KMT Cell In Shanghai
The Japanese have come to us with some interesting results and have exposed a KMT cell operating in Shanghai itself. While this was always suspected, to finally have a confirmation as well as an insight into their operations. While much of the cell was able to escape and regroup, this proves some promising news for us.
This better not get buggered up.
Du Yuesheng's Collaboration
While it has always been an open secret that Du Yuesheng has sympathies for the KMT, with help from our allies in the China Agency, we have finally been able to prove his illegal involvement with the group, primarily in supplying weapons and counterfeited documents. This proves as both a blow to the KMT and primarily to Du's operations.
The noose is closing in...
Cracked The KMT!
Great news! It seems our allies have held up and we have successfully taken the fight to the KMT managing the break their monetary lifeline. In the short-term this will not effect the wider Kuomintang but it does break their operations in the cities and has proven a heavy blow to the Vermillion Society.
Hurray!
A Dead End
It seems the China Agency was not as resourceful as we had expected. During an operation in Shanghai, KMT Juntong agents were able to escape with important documents, destroying what had been left behind. While this serves as a boost to th Vermillion Society and to the Kuomintang, it at least damages the Japanese with heads beginning to role in Tokyo.
Drat!
Into the Dragon's Den
Du Yuesheng is a known sympathiser of the rightist Kuomintang though with a special distaste for Wang Jingwei and his more socialist elements. Even better, he is a common criminal and not averse to doing dirty work for the right price... Du could easily help us sabotage the KMT connection but in exchange he will expect far more than a mere pound of flesh and has requested that we arrange an 'accident' at the Shanghai Police Archives.
Well, if we have no choice...
Fire at the Shanghai Police Station!
Horrible news has come in from Shanghai! A massive fire has broken out in the police archives with numerous case files being destroyed in the inferno. The fire brigade have desperately battled to save what they could but it ultimately resulted in the loss of the entire D section. Valuable files on Du Yuesheng have been lost to history, setting back our investigation into his affairs.
Was it truly an accident?
A Book of Names
It seems that the inferno has had a silver lining. As the fire investigation team searched the rubble, a small black book was discovered and contained the names of Kuomintang agents, safehouses, weapons caches, dates of meetings and supply lines. With such a treasure chest of information the Kuomintang will melt in the face of the police.
What a find!
Investigating The Fengtian Lead
Interestingly it seems some of Hotung's money is being deposited in the accounts of high-ranking members of the Fengtian governments and various companies involved with the Fengtian administration. Being the last stand of the Xinhai Order seems to have paid off for Zhang Zuolin with Hotung donating much of his money to the remaining republican government. We must tread carefully during this operation as some elements in Tokyo are unlikely to be thrilled to find us meddling in the affairs of Shenyang.
Let's reach out to friends in the West...
Let's tell Japan what's happening.
A Meeting With The Westerners
In one of the more opulent gentleman's clubs in Shanghai, a meeting between representatives from AmCham Shanghai, the Ostchina Direktorium, the Hong Kong Club and the Shanghai Municipal Council was under way to discuss their mutual issue of Hotung giving money to Fengtian. After lots of bickering the group eventually agreed to put together a joint investigation team to get to the bottom of what's going on. Though due to the high-profile nature of the meeting it won't be long before the Japanese spies catch on...
Did that window open itself?
A Report From Shanghai
Our operatives in the China Agency have informed us that a covert meeting between the western powers and western officials in the Shanghai Municipal Council has taken place to discuss the issue of Fengtian receiving Vermillion Society donations and this is surprising news to the foreign office. Much of the civilian government wishes to ignore the meeting and let the Mandate deal with this themselves so they can unwittingly push Fengtian further into our grip though some members of the military have called on us to veto the investigation immediately for the sake of Fengtian's stability.
Well Fengtian is independent after all...
Veto the investigation! Only we are responsible for Fengtian's affairs.
Something's Wrong
With the investigation into the Vermillion Society's illicit Fengtian contributions, it had unfortunately reached a snag with few leads coming up and many crucial witnesses 'forgetting' events. As the situation stalled, it became even worse as late yesterday evening a group of armed Chinese men broke into the investigation offices and began firing automatic weapons before setting fire to the building and escaping. No evidence was discovered but the Fengtian Government is suspected of the attack.
Damn it!
Japan Vetoes the Investigation
Today representatives of the China Agency appeared at the Shanghai police headquarters to pass on a note from Katsuo Okazaki, himself, simply stipulating that the investigation was to be called off by order of the Japanese Government and that they had exercised their veto. Unfortunately there is nothing we can do and the investigation must come to a halt.
Word has reached us from Tokyo that we are to abandon the investigation immediately. Any and all files on Robert Hotung's 'alleged' involvement in Fengtian are to be destroyed and Mandate investigators are forbidden from meddling in Fengtian's affairs from now on.
Put it in the cold cases.
Intrigue In Liangguang
It seems that by investigating the Cantonese connection has paid off greatly with numerous interesting leads being discovered. After a few bribes to local officials we've been able to deduce that Sir Robert is heavily involved in the activities of Chen Jiongming and the Federalist movement. To continue our investigation we will have to dig deeper into this connection by either going to the heart of operations in Hong Kong or getting the Ostchina Direktorium to grant us some favours within the AOG.
It seems that by investigating the Cantonese connection has paid off greatly with numerous interesting leads being discovered. After a few bribes to local officials we've been able to deduce that Sir Robert is heavily involved in the activities of Chen Mingshu and the Liangguang KMT. To continue our investigation we will have to dig deeper into this connection by either going to the heart of operations in Hong Kong or getting the Ostchina Direktorium to grant us some favours within the AOG.
It seems that by investigating the Cantonese connection has paid off greatly with numerous interesting leads being discovered. After a few bribes to local officials we've been able to deduce that Sir Robert is heavily involved in the activities of Li Zongren and the fledgling Right KMT. To continue our investigation we will have to dig deeper into this connection by either going to the heart of operations in Hong Kong or getting the Ostchina Direktorium to grant us some favours within the AOG.
Into the heart of darkness we go.
Well Guangzhou is close by...
Dinner At The Hong Kong Club
Despite the British ostensibly being evicted from the Legations, they continue to hold huge sway in their old colony of Hong Kong, primarily through the Hong Kong Club. During our investigation into Chen Jiongming's affairs in Canton, the Club has shown an interest in aiding us and appear to have been conducting an investigation of their own into him. A few bribes over a friendly dinner and this information could fall into our hands...
I think I'll have my steak well done.
A Favour From The AOG
The AOG or Aufsichtsrat der Ostasiatischen Generalverwaltung are a grouping of semi-legal territorial concessions throughout China, afforded to Germany by warlord Sun Chuanfang and they often been referred to as Germany's own Legation Cities. One of their primary base of operations is in the southern port city of Guangzhou near Hong Kong. It is no secret the Germans have been keeping tabs on the activities of Chen and other revolutionaries in the city. In exchange for some clout to the Ostchina Direktorium, the AOG will gladly take part in some information sharing.
Pleasure doing business with you!
The Liangguang Connection Severed
It seems that our connections have paid off and we have struck a monumental blow to the Vermillion Society as some of their biggest allies has been cut off from funding. While in the short term this won't have much impact across the border, it has already wreaked havoc on the Vermillion Society as members are slowly beginning to get indicted of their financial crimes.
You fought the law and the law won.
Chen Jiongming Arrives in Hong Kong
Chen Jiongming, leader of the Chinese Federalist movement has arrived in Hong Kong, having been forced to go into exile recently from his native Guangdong. He has already become a guest speaker and close associate of the Vermillion Society and is currently staying with Sir Robert Hotung until he can find a more permanent accommodation. While his presence proves a minor headache for the Hong Kong Club, for the most part he doesn't appear capable of causing any major revolts for the time being.
How ironic.
Chen Jiongming Dies in Exile
News has arrived today that Chen Jiongming, the Chinese Federalist leader, has died from typhus in Hong Kong. Having suffered from ill health since his move to Hong Kong, it seems Chen finally succumbed to his diseases and passed on. The nationalist Vermillion Society in the Legation Cities mourns his death, as well as one of their causes célèbres - without its founder, what remains of the Federalist movement has collapsed.
Rest in peace.
Legation Dollars in Shenyang
A report has just come in from our agents in Shanghai that leading philanthropist, Robert Hotung, is secretly funding the Fengtian Government with his vast wealth. Members of the military believe that this could work in our favour as Hotung has little interest beyond securing a 'Chinese Republic' though to many within the government, his meddling is an outrage and could lure Zhang away from our grasp. Of course we could demand an explanation from Fengtian directly.
Tell Shanghai to keep their noses out of our affairs.
This could be useful, give them a greenlight.
The Investigation Goes Ahead
Despite fears that the Japanese had been spying on the meeting and would be ready to veto the investigation it appears that they themselves are unaware of Fengtian's monetary aid and will let us operate unhindered. However, there are rumours that pro-Fengtian spies will be lurking in the city so we should act quickly before they can disrupt the investigation. Allegedly, Huang Jinrong may have documents that could speed up the investigation but he would want them at a price...
Tokyo has officially given us the greenlight to go ahead with the investigation though there are rumours that pro-Fengtian spies will be lurking in the city so we should act quickly before they can disrupt the investigation. Allegedly, Huang Jinrong may have documents that could speed up the investigation but he would want them at a price...
We can handle this on our own, thanks.
*Sigh* How much?
Shanghai Investigates The Hotung Fund
As Fengtian is the sole and legitimate government of China, it attracts various 'charitable donations' from all over with some coming from Sir Robert Hotung of Hong Kong. As part of a monetary fraud crackdown, the Legation Cities have began to close in on disrupting Hotung's benevolent donations to the cause of the Grand Marshal. There are many Chinese men in Shanghai who would gladly do our dirty work for the right price but to sway them would cost a substantial bribe. Though if Shanghai's investigation bears fruit it could severely damage our finances...
Make some patriotic contributions to some patriotic citizens.
We can't spare the funds!
Fengtian Funds Seized
With the investigation into the Fengtian connection finally bearing fruit, investigators seized a ship in port today filled with gold and silver en route to Fengtian. The Grand Marshal will no doubt feel a sting soon as his funds run dry.
Now what to do with all this gold...
Federalist Sympathisers In Hong Kong
With the collapse of suitable republican movements in Liangguang and Chen Jiongming's own relocation to the city of Hong Kong, many of his sympathisers have followed him and taken up residence in the city where funds from the Vermillion Society have now been redirected too. These elements actively plot against the mandate, often engaging in terrorism but with some help from the British we can finish off their numbers.
Give the Hong Kong club a call.
Federalist Sympathisers Raided
In the early hours of this morning, the homes of various sympathisers to the federalist cause in Hong Kong were raided on the grounds of harbouring fugitives, money laundering and weapon smuggling. Many arrests have been made and the Vermillion Society has been struck a bad blow.
Great news!
A Fading Sun On Hong Kong
With unprecedented evidence against Robert Hotung and the Vermillion Society at large, many officers in the Volunteer Corps believe the time has come to establish a special body to regulate financial affairs within the Mandate and wash away Vermillion Society sponsored crime. Before any conclusion could be reached, Hotung himself invited all officers involved to his private estate in Hong Kong and has promised to make a 'charitable contribution' to the Mandate if we are to look the other way and allow his actions to go unpunished.
We've not come this far just to take a bribe.
Well... these are trying times after all...
Vermillion Society Funds Cut
We have just received word from our agents in Shanghai that the Mandate has undertaken a major crackdown against our monetary operations. With our Vermillion Society contacts forced to go into hiding and the Mandate closely watching all monetary funds moving our way we'll have to tough it out and recoup the funds another way.
Damn the imperialists!
The Legation Cities Collapse
SHANGHAI. Disturbing news has come of the total collapse of Legation Council rule. This news comes on the heels of earlier reports detailing how several unwise financial choices lead to a devastating lack of economic confidence, and ultimately bankruptcy of the Legation Cities. Now the powers formerly making up the Legation Council have all withdrawn from the institution, and the Japanese, Germans, and British have sent in troops to protect their concessions from approaching Chinese forces.\n\nThe Shanghai Municipal Council has assumed control of Shanghai and its former neutral region, but, as demonstrated by ongoing fights between German- and Japanese-backed Chinese troops in the streets, the city is now little more than a prize for the great powers.
China fractures even further.
Japan Is Removed from the Legation Council
SHANGHAI. The Legation Council announced its decision to remove [JAP.GetNameDef] from their proceedings and confiscated their formal Chinese concessions. High Commissioner [LEC.GetLeader] justified these actions to the world in a formal statement several days ago, as these proceedings were still ongoing. \
They knew the consequences of their actions.
Germany Is Removed from the Legation Council
SHANGHAI. The Legation Council announced its decision to remove [GER.GetNameDef] from their proceedings and confiscated their formal Chinese concessions. This drastic action comes in the wake of a hard turn against Germany in the Cities, following an overall retreat of their influence in China. The Legation Council has issued an explanatory statement elaborating on their decision. It states that the Germans have clearly violated the provisions of the Beijing Treaty, and that they are no longer a reliable actor in China.\n\nThe Germans have denounced the action, and an attack by the Kaiserliche Marine may be forthcoming. Whatever may come, it seems the Legation Cities have failed in their role as a peacekeeper in the Far East.
The Far East destabilises further.
Offer a Peace Treaty to the Western Coalition
This war has dragged on long enough, and it is clearly in our favour. We should request peace.
War for the Legations
The Legation Council
The Legation Council is a body comprised of the representatives of the leading nations with interests in China. Motions here are proposed by a representative, and must gain a simple majority to pass. Abstentions do not count for either side, except in the case of a tie, where they serve as an extra vote for no.\n\nThe current countries that have voting rights on the Legation Council are:\n[LEC_voter1][LEC_voter2][LEC_voter3][LEC_voter4][LEC_voter5][LEC_voter6][LEC_voter7][LEC_voter8]\n\nThe current motion on the floor is: [LEC_current_motion]\n\nYes Votes: §G[?global.legations_yes_votes]§!\nAbstentions: §Y[?global.legations_abstain_votes]§!\nNo Votes: §R[?global.legations_no_votes]§!
Motion on the Floor
If we can vote, and we don't make our intentions clear to our representative in Shanghai, he will have to abstain. This may hurt our interests.
Restore Voting Rights to [RUS.GetNameDef]
The Russian voting rights were frozen after their 1928 military adventure in Manchuria, and have been kept that way because of German and Japanese insistence. But now that these things are past us, their rightful voting rights can be reinstated.
Start a Motion On Conscription
Start a Motion On a Legationary Navy
Start a Motion To Bail Out the DAB
Start a Motion To Provide Aid to Sichuan Province
Start a Motion to Remove [BEL.GetName] From the Council
Determine the Next High Commissioner
Start a Motion To Discuss Next Year's Budget
Looming Bankruptcy
Influences in the Legation Cities
The Legation Cities are cut-throat and many factions vie for power. We should move carefully.\n\n§RChinese Influence§!: [?LEC.party_popularity@social_liberal|%0]\n§YBritish Influence§!: [?LEC.party_popularity@social_conservative|%0]\n§CAmerican Influence§!: [?LEC.party_popularity@market_liberal|%0]\n§gGerman Influence§!: [?LEC.party_popularity@paternal_autocrat|%0]\n§LJapanese Influence§!: [?LEC.party_popularity@national_populist|%0]
$LEC_influence_category$
$LEC_influence_category_desc$
Supply the Japanese with Guns
The Japanese have sent us weapons in the past. Now that they need them, we should give them to their troops on the front-line and help supply them.
Request British Protection
It is clear that the web of international guarantees that once protected us can do so no longer. We must have a closer ally, and the British are our best bet for security.
Join the Reichspakt
It is clear that the web of international guarantees that once protected us can do so no longer. We must have a closer ally, and the Germans are our best bet for security against the Japanese.
Join the Co-Prosperity Sphere
We must join with our Japanese brothers, in order to liberate China and Asia as a whole!
Reunite with [FNG.GetNameDef]
Start an Investigation Into Du Yuesheng's Activities
Arrest Du Yuesheng
Convict Du Yuesheng
Convicting Du Yuesheng will be difficult, due to the amount of supporters he has in the Cities and all over China.
Start an Investigation Into Zhang Xiaolin's Activities
Arrest Zhang Xiaolin
Convict Zhang Xiaolin
Start an Investigation Into Huang Jinrong's Methods
Arrest Huang Jinrong
Convict Huang Jinrong
Prosecute Solomon Adler
Prosecuting Adler will reduce American influence in the Cities.
Prosecute Lothar Eisenträger
Prosecuting Eisenträger will reduce German influence in Shanghai.
Start an Investigation Into British Activities in Hong Kong
It seems the British Crown is engaged in covert manoeuvrers in Hong Kong. We should make sure that they aren't trying to threaten the authority of the Legation Cities.
Crack Down on British Activities in Hong Kong
The British are clearly trying to retake Hong Kong from us, or at the very least worm their way onto the Legation Council. We cannot let them, and must begin to take drastic measures in Hong Kong.
Reach Out to Hongkonger Businessmen
Hong Kong was once the crowning jewel of British Asia, the equal of Singapore or Calcutta. Though Hong Kong has been sundered from the Empire since 1925, the residents still feel bonds with us. We should rekindle our active relationship with them.
Send a Volunteer Battalion to Hong Kong
Sending a cadre of volunteers to the Legation Defence Force in Hong Kong will both protect Hong Kong and buy us some more influence in Hong Kong.
A Royal Visit to Hong Kong
Sending Prince Albert and his daughter to Hong Kong for a royal visit would surely raise support for the British Empire there.
Appoint a New Royal Governor
We have not exercised our power of appointing a new governor to Hong Kong since 1925. We should consider doing so as a method to extend our influence in China.
Invite Hong Kong Back Into the Crown's Protection
The Legation Cities are now vulnerable enough that we can make our move and retake Hong Kong for the British Crown.
Request the Return of Our Voting Rights on the Council
Now that we are in a position of influence in the Cities, we can move the Council to consider the restoration of our voting rights, due to us for our Chinese concessions.
Send More Troops to the Legation Cities
The League collapse has made the Legation Cities, and thus our interests in China, vulnerable. We should reinforce the garrison there.
Request American Voting Rights
Now that there is only one America, we should request that our voting rights on the Legation Council be restored to us.
Demand [BEL.GetName] Be Removed from the Legation Council
[BEL.GetName] has now escaped from our sphere, and they are no longer useful to have as a member of the Legation Council. We should ask the Council to remove them.
Send More Troops to the Legation Cities
The League collapse has made the Legation Cities, and thus our interests in China, vulnerable. We should reinforce the garrison there.
Trigger Instability In Tianjin
With the world in the throes of Black Monday, China and by extension the Mandate has been badly hit with the Chinese within the cities suffering terribly. Tensions are reaching a boiling point and by giving our operatives in the China Agency the green-light we can gain a prerogative to gain a foothold in Tianjin.
Send Weapons To Our Allies
As collaborators begin to appear within China it is time to begin preparing for the inevitable and arm them to fight for our cause. The only issue present is getting the guns to our allies. The Legations however present an easy way to smuggle the weapons in...
Bolster The Police Command
Equip The Garrison
Reinforce The Garrison
Destabilise Tianjin
With a foothold in Tianjin secured, we can begin to destabilise the city, giving our army a prerogative to intervene.
Seize Tianjin!
Now that the Legation Cities are vulnerable, and we powerful, enough, we can seize Tianjin for ourselves!
Investigate The KMT Connection
The KMT are the most obvious place to investigate seeing as Hotung was one of Dr Sun's largest donors.
Investigate The Fengtian Connection
Investigate The Liangguang Connection
The Investigation's End
Wartime Emergency Measures
Assemble Australasian Air Squadron
Purchase American Arms
Purchase German Artillery
Purchase Japanese Tanks
Legation Cities
Legationary
the Legation Cities
Shanghai
Shanghainese
Shanghai
China
Chinese
China
United Urban Communes of China
Communist
the United Urban Communes of China
United Urban Communes of China
Communist
the United Urban Communes of China
International China
the International Mandate for China
International China
the International Mandate for China
International China
International
the International Mandate for China
International China
International
the International Mandate for China
International China
International
the International Mandate for China
International China
International
the International Mandate for China
International China
International
the International Mandate for China
Pan Hannian
Yuan Zhenying
Yun Daiying
Robert Ho Shai Lai
§YBorn:§! §LMay 15th, 1906, in Hong Kong, British Hong Kong§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to an extremely wealth Eurasian family, the third son of Sir Robert Ho Tung, a powerful Hong Kong tycoon, Ho enrolled in the Diocesan Girls' School - becoming a boy in a girls' school. In 1916 he then transferred to Queen's College before attending Nanjing Military Academy. Fascinated by the prospect of a military career, he sought entry into Baoding Military Academy at the suggestion of Wu Peifu and Qi Xieyuan, but the Zhili-Fengtian war shut down the academy. His attempt to attend school at the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich in 1925 was similarly foiled by the British Revolution, which toppled the old order his family had deep connections to.\n\nInstead he attended the Royal Military College of Canada, graduating in 1927 and becoming a member of the battered Royal Tank Corps. He also studied heavy artillery. Developments in China in 1927-1928 saw the Zhili emerge triumphant over most of their foes but at the expense of the creation of multiple massive concessions known as the Legation Cities. Disgusted by the British role in these events, and realising they have little leverage, he formally renounced his British citizenship in a fit of patriotism and was stripped of his commission. He then went to Germany for further studies in artillery, receiving praise for his skill before making a majestic return to Hong Kong aboard a cruise ship in 1930.\n\nSecuring employment with the League, he became disillusioned by League brutality in the 1932 Uprising. Sent into the Shanghai neutral zone under the command of German officers to avoid breaching the rules of the international treaties, he has yet to return to Qi Xieyuan's service.§!
Nelson Trusler Johnson
§YBorn:§! §LApril 3rd, 1887, in Washington, D.C., United States of Amerca§!
Patrick Jay Hurley
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 8th, 1883, in Lehigh, Choctaw Nation, Indian Territory§!
Norman Lockhart Smith
§YBorn:§! §LMay 29th, 1887, in Ryton, Durham, England§!
Cecil Clementi
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 1st, 1875, in Cawnpore, North-Western Provinces and Oudh, British India§!
Mark Aitchison Young
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1886, in British India§!
Cornell Franklin
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1892, in Columbus, Mississippi, United States of America§!
Siegmund Bodenheimer
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1874, in Heidelberg, Grand Duchy of Baden, German Empire§!
Katsuo Okazaki
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 10th, 1897, in Kanagawa, Empire of Japan§!
Francis Wogan Festing
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 28th, 1902, in Dublin, Co. Dublin, Ireland§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGraduated from Sandhurst in 1921. Festing was looking at a promising career in the British Indian Army or at Eastern Command, having served as Aide-de-Camp to John Burnett-Stuart, former General Officer Commanding, Madras District right up until the eve of the revolution. Now like most of the British officer corps who lacked a syndicalist bent he finds himself drifting between the old colonies. Lacking the budget to commission him the Empire elected not have him continue service in any of the extant dominions and thus he has wound up living with old army chums in Shanghai, where there's nobody to tell you to stop wearing the old uniform and a good chance of a stiff gin in the morning.§!
Edward Barrett
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1879, in Churt, Surrey, England§!
Hans Speidel
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 28th, 1897, in Metzingen, Black Forest District, Kingdom of Württemberg, German Empire§!
Walter Stennes
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1895, in Bad Wünnenberg, Province of Westphalia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Koreshige Inuzuka
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 11th, 1890, in Tokyo, Empire of Japan§!
Michitaro Komatsubara
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 20th, 1885, in Yokohama, Kanagawa, Empire of Japan§!
William Ewart Fairbairn
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 28th, 1885, in Rickmansworth, Hertfordshire, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA former Royal Marine and police officer in one of Shanghai's red light districts, William Ewart Fairbairn is most notable for his frankly frightening collection of scars accumulated from hundreds of street fights in the line of duty and for organising the SMP's specialist anti-riot squad. Known as \
German Time
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 2nd, 1891, in Perm, Perm Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGerman Germanovich Time has his family roots in the Thieme family originally from Germany, though the family has been Russian hereditary nobility for centuries. Time graduated from Nikolayev Cavalry School in 1912 and commanded various Guards Cavalry units during the Great War. He fought in the Siberian and Ural fronts in the White forces. Time was assigned to the Russian regiment in Shanghai in 1925. Despite Russian voting rights in the Legation Council being frozen after the Fengtian Conflict, a small number of Russian forces remained within the Legations service, with Time being promoted as their commander in 1935. By now this cavalry commander has spent most of his career in policing action in China rather than active combat, but if necessary, Time can surely take the responsibility of true military command.§!
Reginald Yorke Tyrwhitt
§YBorn:§! §LMay 10th, 1870, in Oxford, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEnrolled as a cadet on the HMS Britannia in 1883, Sir Reginal Yorke Tyrwhitt rose through the ranks and eventually served during the Weltkrieg as commander of the Harwich Force, the squadron which fired the first shots of the war in 1914. Its most famous action under Tyrwhitt's command was the Cuxhaven raid, where sea-planes played a key role in attacking a German port from the air and escaping with no casualties. Tyrwhitt's only major blemish is his commendation of Captain John Knowles Im Thurn prior to his mismanagement causing the Plymouth Riots in 1925. Holding the position of Commander-in-Chief, China, in 1926 during the Northern Expedition Tyrwhitt is at least partially responsible for the evacuation of British forces to Australia and the subsequent 
Shanghai Municipal Council
§YFounded:§! §LJuly 11th, 1854, in Shanghai, British Concession§!
Du Yuesheng
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 22nd, 1888, in Gaoqiao, French Concession, Shanghai International Settlement§!
Robert Hotung
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 22nd, 1862, in Hong Kong, British Hong Kong§!
Huang Jinrong
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 14th, 1868, in Suzhou, Jiangsu Province, Great Qing§!
Zhang Xiaolin
§YBorn:§! §L1877, in Ningbo, Zhejiang Province, Great Qing§!
Liu Hongsheng
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in Shanghai, Shanghai International Settlement§!
Stirling Fessenden
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 29th, 1875, in Fort Fairfield, Maine, United States of America§!
John Leighton Stuart
§YBorn:§! §LJune 24th, 1876, in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, Great Qing§!
Vandeleur Molyneux Grayburn
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 28th, 1881, in England§!
Lothar Eisenträger
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 9th, 1896, in the German Empire§!
Emil Helfferich
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 17th, 1878, in Neustadt an der Haardt, Palatinate, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!
Hiraya Amane
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Empire of Japan§!
Masahiko Amakasu
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 26th, 1891, in Miyagi, Empire of Japan§!
John Duncan
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 24th, 1872, in Scotland§!
James Howe Dobson
§YBorn:§! §L1901, in Dundee, Forfarshire, Scotland§!
Conway Pulford
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 26th, 1892, in Agra, North-Western Provinces and Oudh, British India§!
John Marston
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 3rd, 1884, in Somerset County, Pennsylvania, United States of Pennsylvania§!
Eric Sykes
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 5th, 1883, in Barton-on-Irwell, Manchester, England§!
Amleto Vespa
§YBorn:§! §LApril 10th, 1884, in L'Aquila, Kingdom of Italy§!
Ellis Mark Zacharias
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1890, in Jacksonville, Florida, United States of America§!
International Army Committee
§YFounded:§! §Lin Shanghai, Shanghai International Settlement§!
Pearl of the East
Big Eared Gangster
The Grand Old Man
Pockmarked Detective
Ruthless Killer
Nationalist Industrialist
Lord Mayor of Shanghai
Enlightened Academic
Reformist Administrator
Old Civil Servant
Hong Kong Financier
Tsingtao Spymaster
HAPAG Chairman
The Japanese Connection
Efficient Propagandist
British Officer
This man is a part of the §cHong Kong Club§! and his service to the Mandate is primarily motivated by circumstance and he will be suspended from service if an §Ranti-British administration§! is in power or Hong Kong is separated from the Mandate.
German Officer
This man is a part of the §POstchina Direktorium§! security forces and is leased to the Mandate. He will be suspended from service if an §Ranti-German administration§! is in power.
Japanese Officer
This man is a part of the §nChina Agency§! security forces and is leased to the Mandate. He will be suspended from service if an §Ranti-Japanese administration§! is in power.
International Volunteer Officer
This man is a part of the §CInternational Volunteer Force§! and he is under the direct oversight of the Mandate. He will not be removed from service outside of specific circumstances.
