Persia Focus Tree
Tabriz Accords
HSIi
Hezb Socialism Irani
HSI
Hezb Sandicaei Iran
HEd
Hezb Edalat
HD
Hezb Democrat
HEe
Hezab Eetedaliun
HT
Hezb Tajadod
HET
Hezb Eslah Talaban
Khandane Qajar
Khandane Qajar
Khandane Qajar
Khandane Qajar
RI
Hezb-e Pān Irānist
All enemies of the Internationale shall be §Hembargoed§! and will no longer receive our oil reserves - and they will embargo us in response.
§5If Kurdistan exists when war against the Ottomans breaks out, they will become our subject.§!
We will exchange §Y[418.GetName]§! for an alliance with §Y[RUS.GetNameWithFlag]§!.
§Y[RUS.GetNameWithFlag]§! has refused our alliance offer
§RThe §Y[ROOT.GetFactionName]§! will be dismantled!§!\nDepending on their government, our allies will have a choice to join alongside us or abandon our alliance!
§RWith the capitulation of §Y[FROM.GetNameDefCap]§!, the §YTabriz Accords§! are no more!§!
The Monarchy keeps power.
A Revolution has taken place.
The Shah is Dead!
This morning at 6:30 AM, Ahmad Qajar, the Shah of [PER.GetNameDef] drew his last breaths. While his death is no surprise to anyone, due to his health complications and wounds from his assassination attempt, all around [PER.GetNameDef] people are shaken as his death will have numerous consequences regarding [PER.GetNameDef]'s political sphere. The events following his death are already in motion.
Long Live the Shah!
With the succession crisis over we shall now crown the crown prince and declare the new Shahanshah of [PER.GetNameDef].
Reinforced Constitutionalism
It's been three decades since the constitutional revolution in [PER.GetNameDef]. Sadly, there hasn't been enough time to properly implement the system as Ahmad Shah was either ill or a weak puppet during his reign. It's time to change that and implement a proper constitutional monarchy.
Majlis Majority
In order to have a successful rule we must cooperate with the different elements of the Majlis. Each politician is important to the development of [PER.GetNameDef] as a nation.
Imperial Court Reforms
The Qajar Imperial court is in need of dire reforms. Too many unnecessary titles exist which hinders the administration of the Empire and cost us a hefty sum of money to maintain.
Curtail Aristocratic Influence
For too long the aristocracy has meddled in the affairs of the parliament and the shah for their own gains. It's time to cut their privileges in order to enforce both imperial and parliamentary rule.
Wrath of the Qajar Lion
With the Shah in direct control of the country, maybe it's not much of a bad idea to restore absolute Qajar rule. After all, the Majlis did betray the Monarchy in the end and the lion can have so much patience...
Enforced Loyalty
Although many are looked upon as the enemy of the Shahanshah, his mercy has no bounds. He shall grant pardons to those who wish to serve under his benevolent rule.
The Lion Strikes Back
We must ensure that never again any form of political movement can endanger the rule of the Shahanshah. We must eradicate the silly political parties who have plagued this country since the constitutional revolution...
Bedroud! Oh Constitution
It is done. With a grand speech, today the Shah announced that 'No more shall [PER.GetNameDef] be a weak nation run by the whims of weak men. From this day forward, the Shahs shall take direct control as it was always meant to be.' He then in a symbolic gesture, tore the constitution to shreds.
Long Live the Revolution!
The Monarchy is toppled. After centuries of [PER.GetAdjective] monarchs, we have finally ridden ourselves from the yoke of the tyrannical oppressors. Long live the Revolution, and long live [PER.GetNameDef]!
Desolation of the Sun Throne
With the monarchy toppled and their influence slowly dying off, it's time to destroy the Imperial Throne. This last act of defiance will ensure the people that the time of Tyranny is over and will also send a clear message to those who want to restore the monarchy.
Long Live the Republic
Finally, we have managed to form a republic against all odds. Since the start of the constitutional monarchy we have been in the struggle to increase our rights in [PER.GetNameDef]. and today we have achieved it. A republic by the people for the people. Long live the republic.
Parliamentary Democracy
The Majlis has been accumulating power since the Constitutional revolution. With the country completely in our hands it's time to move all the power to Majlises hands.
The Uprooting of the Aristocrats
Although we control the country almost entirely, aristocratic influence between not only the people but the politicians is high. With some reforms here and there and a few new laws, we can restrict their power slowly until it's all but gone.
Nedaye Socialism
It is time for [PER.GetNameDef] to follow its true calling: Socialism. Since 1905 [PER.GetAdjective]s have had an active presence in the left leaning political movements, even participating in the Russian civil war on the side of the reds. Today, after many years and many failures it's finally time to answer the Calling of Socialism! Nedaye Socialism!
Evolution
Our nation has been suffering for centuries. It's time to reform our system and its policy so it suits everyone's needs. While it might seem that we need to recreate everything from bottom to top, in reality the government is salvageable and can be fixed with massive reforms.
Reform the Bourgeoisie
The different elements who might cause trouble in the future are a threat to our cause. Although we can outright kill them and be done with it, that would make us no different from the oppressive Shahs in the past. We must try and integrate the Bourgeois in our new society for all.
Revolution
[PER.GetNameDefCap] is in need of massive reforms in order to achieve a socialist nation. It is better to recreate the nation in our own vision from the bottom to top.
Crush the Bourgeoisie
Now that we have begun to reconstruct our nation from the bottom up, it's time to get rid of all dangerous elements in our new society. Everyone who isn't compatible with our new system shall be removed one way or another. Permanently.
People's Constitution
With the nation set in a new path, it's time to write a new constitution to ensure the future of [PER.GetNameDef].
Shining Democracy
[PER.GetNameDefCap] is one the first few nations in the Middle East that has embraced democracy. As a free nation lead by its people, it is [PER.GetNameDef]'s duty to safeguard ideals of democracy.
Join the Reichspakt
For the past century, Persia has been at the mercy of both the Russians and the British. It is time for us to orient ourselves towards a partner that has not treated [PER.GetNameDef] as badly as they have. German capital has brought prosperity to [PER.GetNameDef], and German arms will keep it safe.
Join the Moscow Accord
[RUS.GetNameDefCap] has been the regional ally of choice ever since its recent resurgence. Now is the time to formalise and deepen our partnership.
Beacon of Socialism
We are the first nation ever in the Middle East to embrace socialism. It is our duty to preserve the new system of governance and spread the revolution in the region! It's time for the workers of the Middle East and all other oppressed majority to rise against their governments!
An Imperialist-Free India!
Now that we have secured our nation, it is time to spread the revolution abroad. The Dominion of India hold some of our people in Baluchistan, and with the help of the Bharatiya People's Republic, we can liberate the workers of India.
Join the Third Internationale
As the forces of socialism rise in the middle east, our comrades in Europe struggle for the rights of the working class worldwide. It is time now, to join a struggle far larger than our own, an International struggle for the freedom of all workers!
Bahrain, the Jewel of the Gulf
Bahrain has a dominant Shia population and most of them speak our language, Farsi. Bahrain was for a long period of time [PER.GetNameDef]'s tributary and territory but was finally lost in the 1700s. Ever since, we have maintained strong relations with the local rulers and exerted our influence, but it's finally time to reclaim the lost land.
The Legacy of Agha Mohammad Khan
Now that the Shah's position is secured within the nation, It is time to reclaim our former glory. Like Agha Mohammad Khan we shall forge an empire that will be the awe of men for ages to come. Long Live [PER.GetNameDef] and Long Live the Qajar Dynasty!
Reassert Claims on Iraq-i-Arab
It has been 3 centuries since we have controlled Iraq. Our Safavid predecessors once ruled the region as its Shahs. Yet the Ottoman armies prevailed in the end and took the region. As Iraqis are our Shia brothers we must do our best to free them from the Sunni Caliph's grasp and now is the perfect time as the Ottomans are on the verge of collapse.
Government Reform
In order to survive the coming challenges we need to adapt and overcome with the new challenges ahead of us. Only by reforming the governmental functions can we survive.
Mandatory Education
Currently education is not mandatory in our nation, so many suffer from illiteracy. it's time to enact a mandatory education law to ensure the future of our nation is guarded by a bright new generation.
Mandatory Nezam Service
Our nation is surrounded by enemies and threats. For too long we have had a small standing army, under the boots of stronger nations. It's time to enact a mandatory conscription for our young generation in order to safeguard our nation from future threats.
[266.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] University
While Dar ul Fununs created by Amir Kabir helped with higher levels of education in [PER.GetNameDef], they aren't modern enough to help create a new generation of intellectuals. We need to expand them and create a new system of higher education. Following western and foreign examples we shall build the first ever modern University in [PER.GetNameDef].
Tribal Appeasement
For centuries the tribal population of [PER.GetNameDef] has both been a blessing and a curse. If they are loyal they can be of great help but if not... utter chaos. We must begin a country wide programme to pacify our tribes, which, due to recent upheaval and state weakness, have begun to act increasingly independent. With an Iron fist we shall bring them into fold and never allow them to rise against the nation's interests.
The Child Labour Act
While at first glance having children work might be profitable for our nation, we must not forget that it's not the duty of our children to work. They must grow up healthy and in a friendly atmosphere. They must be educated in schools to become great [PER.GetAdjective]s in the future. With the Child Labour Act, we shall abolish any sort of child labour.
Women's Rights
It is time for women to stand together beside men. For too long they have been oppressed by the conservative elements in society and as the government it is our duty to safeguard their rights.
Melate Javide Iran
We have a great nation with great people. Our government and nation stand proudly with its people behind it. Together with the people we shall become eternal.
Traditional Values
Recently there has been poisonous thoughts pouring into the minds of some of the population. Things like equality, women's rights and the likes. We must remind the people that our ideals and customs shall not be tarnished with the degenerate ideas the Western nations are following.
Shah Va Khorsid
The Shah is the most important symbol of [PER.GetNameDef]; he and religion are what keeps this nation together. The people must do their best to serve their Shah and the nation! Long live the Shah!
Doshanbeh Siah Recovery Plan
Black Monday was a disastrous day for the Germans. For our nation that has direct ties to Germany and is dependent on German Empire for its economy, it was an apocalypse. In a day, almost all that had been done in 2 decades after the Weltkrieg crumbled. So, to survive we must adapt. And to adapt we must draft a plan.
Astan Quds Razavi
The Astan Quds Razavi was created around the time of the Safavid empire, their job is to be the custodians of the 8th Shia Imam, Imam Reza. In the past couple of centuries, they have gathered massive amounts of wealth. We need it to further our recovery plan.
Sheikh Khaz'al's Wealth
Sheikh Khaz'al is one of the wealthiest men in the Middle East. His ties to the British Empire and being the protector of Khuzestan and its oil fields for them in the past, has made him wealthy beyond measure. With the Black Monday upon us we can use his wealth to recover and continue our next phase of recovery.
Modern Agriculture
Agriculture after oil is one of our most important sectors of economy. Yet we are far behind in technology and methods in the field. Our farmers still use old tools and techniques to plant and harvest their crops. It's time to help them increase production capacity.
Agricultural Funding
With subsiding our farmers we can ensure our nation never faces another famine like 1919. The effects of the last famine still hunt us to this day and to avoid such a horrible thing in the future we must be prepared.
Kesharvazi Bank
It is time to open a bank which can further help with our agricultural expansion plans. With the creation of Keshavarzi bank we shall ensure the steady growth of the agriculture field in the future.
Expand the Aghajari Oil Fields
Currently we have decent oil production from the Aghajari and Gachsaran oil fields. But we can greatly increase the output of these fields with the money we gained recently.
Oil Exploitation Plan
Most of our oil comes from 2 or 3 different oil fields. We believe there are numerous more oil rich sites to be found. With enough investments we can surely find new sites to exploit.
Oil Logistics Plan
With the increase of oil output of our nation we need to find new ways to transport and export our oil. As it stands currently we are far behind in transport technology. With enough investment from us we can fix that.
Mining Expansion
We are currently mostly dependent on oil, but studies show our nation is rich with minerals. We should begin extracting them and exporting them in order to lessen our reliance on oil.
Steel Mill of Isfahan
We have an abundance of natural resources, the best way to use them is to create a steel mill. The world is in dire need of steel and we should enter the market to make a hefty profit.
Trans Iranian Railway
By expanding our mining operations and starting our steel mill project we are ready to finish the Trans-Iranian Railway we started a couple years ago. With the railway complete we can profit from increase of trade with our neighbouring nations and the increase of travel inside our borders alongside the ease of access to all corners of [PER.GetNameDef].
Renewed Trade Initiative
With the country modernising and production skyrocketing compared to the past, it is time to expand our exports and our relations with countries around the world.
Doshanbeh Siah Resolved
With reforming our economy we have saved our country from certain collapse. Our economy's cogs are once again spinning and our nation is no more under the certain doom that the Black Monday caused.
Expansion of Army Funding
Our military is in a horrendous state. Even with the recent modernisation done in the past decade under the guise of germane supervision, we are lacking behind both in technology and structure. A mish mash of levies and standing army, our armies need serious modernisation in order to be able to stand against foreign aggression. With expansion of the military budget we can begin modernisation.
German-[PER.GetAdjective] Cooperation
The German Empire is one of the only few super powers with friendly or cordial relations with us in the past few centuries. We must ask them for their expertise in the military in order to be able to modernise.
Kaiserliche Kriegsakademie
By sending our officers to Germany we can ensure that they have a proper education in the military field and can lead armies with modern methods.
Franco-[PER.GetAdjective] Cooperation
The French Commune is a nation with a unique military. Our sources say their methods of warfare are vastly different from traditional methods we are familiar to. Maybe it's time to entirely change our military structure to be able to face future threats.
ESPM
By sending our officers to France we can ensure that they have a proper education in the military field and can lead armies with modern methods.
Austro-[PER.GetAdjective] Cooperation
While the Austrian army might not be as strong as the Germans, they are by far the best choice for our neutral foreign policy to ask help from. With not choosing the Germans we wouldn't get tangled in any future conflict between the Germans and the French.
Theresianische Militärakademie
By sending our officers to Austria we can ensure that they have a proper education in the military field and can lead armies with modern methods.
Asfari University
With having a pool of up to date officers at our disposal we can begin to train our officers ourselves without the need of being too relied on foreign help.
Study of the Weltkrieg
The greatest war to happen was the Weltkrieg. It changed the way wars were waged. By studying it we can learn how to face the challenges of modern warfare.
Lessons of the Simko Incidents
Simko Shikak waged a bloody rebellion against our government in the aftermath of Weltkrieg. We barely managed to defeat him due to his army's skills in guerrilla warfare. We must study the events of the war in order to be prepared for any future similar occurrences.
German Engineers
With our army modernisation on the way we must also upgrade our military equipment to suit the needs of our army. The Germans have agreed to help us in the field.
French Engineers
With our army modernisation on the way we must also upgrade our military equipment to suit the needs of our army. The French have agreed to help us in the field.
Austrian Engineers
With our army modernisation on the way we must also upgrade our military equipment to suit the needs of our army. The Austrians have agreed to help us in the field.
Local Production
If we want to have a strong independent army we must be able to produce our equipment ourselves without needing to buy them from foreign nations.
The Modernisation Complete
We have finally through great effort, managed to modernise our army. We are prepared to face whatever challenges that the future might hold for us.
Marineakademie
[PER_gernavaltext]
Ecole Navale de France
[PER_franavaltext]
Kunglinga Sjokrigsskolan
[PER_swenavaltext]
Naval Dockyards and Facilities
Alongside engineers we need modern dockyards and navy facilities in order to maintain our navy.
Foreign Naval Engineers
In order to maintain our new small navy we are in dire need of engineers. We must ask foreign nations to help us as we currently have no capable engineers in [PER.GetNameDef].
Ahvaz Naval Academy
With our navy officers trained in foreign nations it's time to ask them to train our new generation of officers. With the Ahvaz Naval Academy built we can reduce foreign reliance in the navy field.
Tofang Darane Daryaee
With the creation of a new navy for our nation we should create a marine division to protect our gulf possessions against foreign threats.
Expansion of our Fleet
[PER.GetNameDefCap] has now access to up to date naval officers and naval facilities, now we need new ships to form a proper navy.
Trade Protection
With having control over the Persian gulf we need to follow a naval strategy. Maybe we should focus our navy on protecting trade.
Trade Interdiction
With having control over the Persian gulf we need to follow a naval strategy. Maybe we should focus our navy on disrupting trade to damage our enemies economy.
Pessian Air Academy
Pessian is a war hero from the Weltkrieg. He served in the gendarmes and fled [PER.GetNameDef] in the beginning of the Weltkrieg in order to fight the Russians and British occupiers. He joined the German Empire air force and managed to get a German medal of honour and later came back to [PER.GetNameDef] to help fight off the foreign occupation. Recently he has begun advocating for creating a modern [PER.GetAdjective] air force and he is prepared to teach new pilots.
A New Generation of Aces
While [PER.GetNameDef] managed to create a small air force in the past decade, it's mostly for show. With proper training of our pilots, we can ensure that they are completely operational and ready for actual combat.
Strategic Airfields
While we have a small air force and two somewhat operational airfields, they aren't simply enough to guarantee the safety of our airspace.
Local Air Production
We need to expand our air force without needing to rely on foreign nations for new airplanes. By expanding our production lines, we can achieve self-reliance in airplane production.
New Airplane Models
We need better airplanes to be able to compete with foreign threats.
Local Havapeima Variants
With our air force properly operational, we can now try to design local plane variants in order to further expand our air force.
The Iranian Airspace
In order to keep our skies safer we need to produce more effective planes.
Radar Installation Imports
We can't ensure the safety of our Airspace until we have Radar Installations to detect enemy airplanes. We can sign a contract with foreign powers in order to install Radar stations in a couple of key locations throughout Iran. hopefully they will be enough to keep Iran's skies safe.
With our important strategic location, we need a strong navy to protect our nation and trade. Currently as it stands, [PER.GetNameDef]'s navy is a mish mash of fishing boats and in order to have a formidable regional navy first we need to train naval officers. The French Commune having access to the old French Republics navy is a good choice to have our officers trained at.
Though the Commune has fallen, the naval tradition it cultivated is a model for the socialist nations of the world. Let us direct substantial state resources to adapting the doctrine of the Commune.
With our important strategic location, we need a strong navy to protect our nation and trade. Currently as it stands, [PER.GetNameDef]'s navy is a mish mash of fishing boats and in order to have a formidable regional navy first we need to train naval officers. The German Empire with its grand navy is a good choice to have our officers trained at.
Though the German Empire has fallen, the naval tradition it cultivated is a model for the nations of the world. Let us direct substantial state resources to adapting the doctrine of the German Navy.
With our important strategic location, we need a strong navy to protect our nation and trade. Currently as it stands, [PER.GetNameDef]'s navy is a mish mash of fishing boats and in order to have a formidable regional navy first we need to train naval officers. Sweden being neutral in world affairs and a formidable navy, is a good choice for us in order to good officers trained and not get tangled in world affairs.
Though Sweden has fallen, the naval tradition it cultivated is a model for the nations of the world. Let us direct substantial state resources to adapting the doctrine of the Swedes.
Shabaz Aircraft Manufacturer
[ROOT.PER_GetArmsCompanyPrefix] Arms Company
[ROOT.PER_GetArmsCompanyPrefix] Artillery Company
[THIS.Owner.PER_GetArmsCompanyPrefix] Arms Company
[THIS.Owner.PER_GetArmsCompanyPrefix] Artillery Company
Increased Plane Production
The Iranian Airspace
Trade Initiative
The Child Labour Act
Melate Javide Iran
Women's Rights
Traditional Values
Foreign Engineers
Disorganised Military
The strategies and tactics used by our military are dated, leading to disorganisation and a lack of innovation in our armed forces.
Lingering Famine
In many areas across Iran, there is a severe lack of food for vast swathes of the country.
Political Crisis
Politically, our nation is in crisis, with all the factions unable to agree on any issues. Also, there is a growing socialist threat throughout the nation. If any great tragedy were to happen, there would be many factions challenging the current rulers, and civil war may occur.
Corrupt Aristocracy
Our political system is plagued with corruption throughout, and power mostly being held by rich aristocrats.
Fading Famine
Agricultural Funding
Skilful Pilots
Unruly Khans
There are many Khans and other tribal leaders in our land, ruling some of our peoples like bandits.
Local Military Production
Reformed Military
Changing Bureaucracy
Loyalty Enforced
The Lion Strikes Back
Black Monday
Weak Economy
Recovering Economy
Astan Quds Razavi
Astan Quds Razavi Wealth Seized
Sheikh Khaz'al's Wealth
Sheikh Khaz'al's Wealth Seized
Legacy of Agha Khan
Beacon of Socialism
Shining Democracy
Curtailed Aristocratic Influence
Violent Revolution
Bourgeoisie Purged
Bourgeoisie Reformed
Evolved Socialism
Jihad
Regulating Persepolis excavation
Illiterate Populace
Many people in our nation never received any form of education, leading to an ignorant and unintelligent populace.
Iranian-Armenian Friendship
Military Cooperation
Naval Cooperation
Persia gained full independence from the Russians and British after the Weltkrieg, but the years since then have been spent in turmoil.\n\nThe Shah, in poor health since his assassination attempt several years ago, is not long for this world, and his brother and heir Hassan Mirza is ready for the throne. Royalists believe he should lead an empowered monarchy, but he may not even sit the throne, as the calls for a republic or even a socialist state are unending. And of course, there is the matter of rightfully Persian lands in Ottoman clutches...
GFX_PER_intro
Introduction to [PER.GetNameDef]
In the past few decades, [PER.GetNameDef] has been in a state of constant change and instability. Having gained full independence from Russia and the British Empire, we have struggled to find our own place in this world. All around [PER.GetNameDef], from the smallest hamlet in the furthest corners of the nation to the big cities like [266.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], we can see the difference in beliefs between the people. Just a few years ago, the Shah himself was shot by a socialist assassin. Although he survived, the Shah's health has been declining by the day. It is clear the nation cannot survive like it is, and with the Shah's death looming, there are fears ideological divide could turn into open revolt. Democrats trying to force a republic, royalists who would support a powerful monarchy led by the Shah's brother, Hassan Mirza, and socialists, attempting to create the first socialist state in the Middle East. We can only hope the power transition is peaceful...\n\nOur nation's military is in shambles, and we are still recovering from a famine that killed millions of our people. Not only that, our political class is dominated by a corrupt aristocracy, ruining our political legitimacy. Our nation has many problems to sort out, but if we can do it successfully, we could become the greatest Empire the Middle East has ever seen.
The Qajar Dynasty
The Qajar dynasty, claiming descent from the Oghuz Turks settling in the northwest of the Iranian plateau, have been active in [PER.GetAdjective] affairs for centuries. They went from forming the Qizilbash with numerous other Turkic and non-Turkic tribes and serving under the Safavid Empire, what most would call the Fourth Persian Empire, to taking the reins of [PER.GetNameDef] as its Shahanshahs in 1796. Agha Muhammad Khan Qajar, the first Qajar Shahanshah of [PER.GetNameDef], took control after eliminating his political rivals in the aftermath of the fall of Nader Shah Afshar and his dynasty. Seeing the political situation unstable and the nation disintegrated once again into numerous independent kingdoms, Muhammad set out to reunify [PER.GetNameDef] under his own banner. It has been years since the day Muhammad reunified [PER.GetNameDef], and the Qajar dynasty has ever since been in decline. First it lost its Georgian territory, then Transoxiana and the rest of Caucasia to the Russians. Then the dagger that was the British Empire struck the heart of the Qajar dynasty, bringing the end to [PER.GetAdjective] rule in Afghanistan and Baluchistan. Weaker by the day, the Qajars had no choice but to appease the Russians and British with oil. But, with appeasement comes corruption and treason, which the nation is rife with.\n\nWith the fall of the Russian and British Empires in the events following after the Weltkrieg, it is time for the Qajar dynasty to finally find its place in the sun, or be left behind in the sand.
Oil Nationalisation
In the year 1925, after the evacuation of the British garrison in Khuzestan and the fall of their empire, the Majlis, in celebration of the reunification of Khuzestan, nationalised the oil industry. Each year [PER.GetAdjective]s celebrate this event and let it be a reminder to them to not allow anyone to take control of their oil and land.
§MMonarchy - Qajars (Absolutist)§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot When Ahmad Shah Qajar dies, choose to have Hassan Mirza flee Persia.\n£white_dot In the following event, choose to send loyalists to the Majlis.\n\n§MMonarchy§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot When Ahmad Shah Qajar dies, choose to have Hassan Mirza stay in Persia.\n£white_dot In the following event, choose to do nothing.\n£white_dot To get Shah Hamid Mirza, send loyalists to the Majlis, assassinate the Shah, and then make peace.\n£white_dot In the 1938 election, we will get the option to choose between the §SHD§!, a right coalition lead by the §cHET§! and a liberal coalition lead by the §lHEe§!.\n£white_dot In the following elections, the options will be between the §SHD§!, the §cHET§! or a right coalition lead by the §aKhandane Qajar§!.\n\n§MRepublic§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot When Ahmad Shah Qajar dies, choose to have Hassan Mirza flee Persia.\n£white_dot In the following event, choose to do nothing.\n£white_dot To get a radical socialist republic, choose to form a socialist republic.\n£white_dot To get a democratic republic, choose the democrats to form a republic.\n£white_dot If we formed a democratic republic:\n In the 1938 election, we will be able to choose between the §SHD§! and the §mHT§!.\n In the 1942 election, we will be able to choose between the §SHD§! and §cHET§!.\n And in the 1946, we will be able to choose between the §SHD§!, the §lHEe§! and §cHET§!.
Change Our Name to Iran
Pressure is mounting from modernising elements within our nation to push for the international community to refer to us as \
Oil Embargo to the Enemies of Socialism
We are too far from the European theatre to directly support the Third Internationale - however, we are in possession of vast oil reserves which all of the world's great powers seek. Let us prohibit the export of oil to the Reichspakt, the Entente, and the Moscow Accord so the enemies of socialism would not be able to fuel their machines of war!
The War for the Gulf
Conflict between the Sublime Porte and Teheran is as old as time giving rise to no less than 12 Ottoman-Persian wars. Despite a century of peace between our two nations, past transgressions have not been forgotten and both sides have been involved in a tug of war spanning from Azerbaijan in the North to Kasab in the South.\n\nWith the Sublime Porte, until recently the definitive power in the Middle East, struggling on all sides and tangling finances, military affairs, pacifism and foreign policy, the time has come for a resurgent Iran to test the limits of Ottoman power and restore the might of Teheran over not only the Gulf but also Iraq and Eastern Anatolia.
Negotiate with Barzinji
Although the Saadabad Pact, signed in 1927, was supposed to put an end to the continued support for Kurdish separatist movements in both Iran and Iraq, opinion has shifted away from a policy of friendly relations with the Porte as many see the damage inflicted by Ottoman dominance in the region on Iran's standing as greater than the fallout of a potential Kurdish insurrection within Iran itself.\n\nTherefore the government sees it fit to reopen negotiations with the deposed 'King' of Sulaymaniyah, Sheikh Mahmut Barzinji, and attempt to cause havoc on the Ottoman eastern frontier. As such deviating their attention further North, the Gulf will see itself open to Iranian incursions.
This could lead to Ottoman reprisals in Western Azerbaijan and Kurdistan, possibly even resulting in £GFX_in_combat §Rwar§! with the Sublime Porte.\n\n
Launch the Sulaymaniyah Revolt
With war with the Porte now practically inevitable, the time has come to send in Barzinji in the hopes of breaking open the Ottoman Eastern Defences and providing Teheran with an easy path into Baghdad, Kirkuk and Basra.
Seize Hengam Island
Although Hengam Island, just South of the Persian coast, on paper belongs to the Persian state, the island is de facto ruled by Sheikh Ahmed ibn Obaid ibn Juma (father-in-law to the Sheikh of Dubai). With the Ottomans crushed under financial burdens and the Iraqi army involved in a complicated shuffle in leadership, the time has come to tighten our borders and assert Iran's position in the Gulf.
Enforce Transit Fees in the Gulf
Despite the Strait of Hormuz clearly being an important asset of the Iranian economy, traders from inside the Gulf have been able to rely on the dominance of the Ottoman navy to escape customs duties and other forms of taxation on their goods passing through the Strait. No more! If Iran is to reclaim its position as a controller of the Gulf, we have to start enforcing our position on the Arab states on the other side.
Invade Khasab
An enclave of the Muscati state, the peninsula of Khasab is one of the most crucial positions in the Middle East. Singlehandedly having the capacity to completely cut off the strait of Hormuz, thus cutting Iran and Iraq off from the world's economy, it has been a thorn in the sight of both Kostantiniye and Teheran. With Muscat however forming a neutral power between the two rivalling blocs, an acceptable compromise seem to have been reached and for centuries the Sultans of the Muscati thalassocracy have been able to govern the peninsula uncontested.\n\nThe decay of the Muscati state has however not gone unnoticed and with tensions rising between the two largest powers in the region, the peninsula has found itself a pawn in a dangerous game. The Muscati navy, their lifeblood and pride for centuries, has been entirely wiped out as the industrial behemoths of the seas have outclassed the classical Dhows leaving the defence of the peninsula solely to the goodwill of its neighbours. This goodwill seems to have run out as naval manoeuvres by the Persian fleet around the Strait have led to a similar response from the Caliphate, bringing the two to the brink of war.
We will receive the following effects if the Ottoman navy stands down. If they do not stand down, this may lead to £GFX_in_combat §Rwar§! with the Sublime Porte.\n\n
§Y[OTT.GetNameWithFlag]§! will no longer be able to cross the £GFX_convoy_texticon §YTangeh-ye Hormoz§!
Instigate Unrest on Bahrain
Considered a province of Iran in the eyes of many within our country, the majority Shia island of Bahrain plays a crucial role within the Gulf. It would therefore be beneficial for us to make contact with pro-Iran cells on the island and to instigate trouble for the Ottoman garrison.
Revoke the 1913 Shatt al-Arab Protocols
Signed in 1913 under the guidance of the British and Russian attachés to Kostantiniye and Teheran, an end was put to the border conflicts between the Ottoman Empire and our own which had been ongoing for almost a hundred years. Despite the solution however, many feel that the treaty was too generous to the Ottomans and that it did not adequately provide security for Iranian shipping in the Shatt al-Arab. Furthermore they claim that the establishment of the Fao fortress at the entrance of the Shatt al-Arab is in open breach with the protocols, thus nullifying them and reaffirming the Iranian claim on a larger slice of the estuary.
Persia
Persian
Persia
Socialist Republic of Persia
the Socialist Republic of Persia
Socialist Republic of Persia
the Socialist Republic of Persia
Socialist Republic of Persia
the Socialist Republic of Persia
Iran
Iranian
Iran
Socialist Republic of Iran
the $PER_iran_totalist$
Socialist Republic of Iran
the $PER_iran_syndicalist$
Socialist Republic of Iran
the $PER_iran_radical_socialist$
Iran
Iranian
Iran
Avetis Soltanzadeh
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Maragheh, Azerbaijan Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Ja'far Pishevari
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 26th, 1892, in Zaviyeh-ye Sadat, Azerbaijan Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Iraj Eskandari
§YBorn:§! §L1907, in Tehran, Tehran Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Hasan Taqizadeh
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1878, in Tabriz, Azerbaijan Province, Sublime State of Iran§!
Mohammad Mosaddegh
§YBorn:§! §LJune 16th, 1882, in Ahmedabad Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Mohammad Ali Foroughi Zoka-ol-Molk
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 1877, in Tehran, Tehran Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Ahmad Qavām
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 2nd, 1873, in Tehran, Tehran Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Reza Khan
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 15th, 1878, in Alasht, Mazandaran Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Mahmud Aqa Ansari
§YBorn:§! §L1871, in Anjireh, Hormozgan Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Ahmad Shah Qajar
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1898, in Tabriz, Azerbaijan Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Hassan Shah Qajar
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 2nd, 1899, in Tabriz, Azerbaijan Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Hamid Shah Qajar
§YBorn:§! §LApril 23rd, 1918, in Tabriz, Azerbaijan Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Karim Agha Khan Buzarjomehri
§YBorn:§! §L1886, in Natanz, Esfahan Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Ahmad Akghar
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in Tehran, Tehran Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Ahmad Amir-Ahmadi
§YBorn:§! §L1884, in Esfahan, Esfahan Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Abdollah Khan Amir Tahmasebi
§YBorn:§! §L1881, in Tehran, Tehran Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Morteza Yazdanpanah
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in Tehran, Tehran Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Mohammad Pouladin
§YBorn:§! §L1885, in the Sublime State of Persia§!
Amanollah Jahanbani
§YBorn:§! §L1891, in Tehran, Tehran Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Fazlollah Zahedi
§YBorn:§! §LMay 17th, 1892, in Hamedan, Kermanshah Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Mohammad Taqi-Khan Pessian
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in Tabriz, Azerbaijan Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Gholamali Bayandor
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 13th, 1898, in Tehran, Tehran Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Ehsanollah Khan Dustdar
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in Sari, Mazandaran Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Morteza Hejazi
§YBorn:§! §L1902, in Tehran, Tehran Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Khalil Maleki
§YBorn:§! §L1901, in Tabriz, Azerbaijan Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Ebrahim Hakimi
§YBorn:§! §L1869, in Tabriz, Azerbaijan Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Seyyed Zia'eddin Tabataba'i
§YBorn:§! §LJune 1889, in Shiraz, Fars Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Mohammad-Taqi Bahar
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 11th, 1886, in Mashhad, Khorasan Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Mohammad Vali Farmanfarmaian
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Tabriz, Azerbaijan Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Firouz Nosrat-Od Dowleh III
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Tehran, Tehran Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Abolhassan Ebtehaj
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 29th, 1899, in Rasht, Gilan Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Jafar Gholi Khan Bakhtiari
§YBorn:§! §L1879, in Bakhtiari Territory Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
Joint Committee of National Defence
§YFounded:§! §Lin Tehran, Tehran Province, Sublime State of Persia§!
