West Indies Focus Tree
Revolutionary Front
RF
National Resistance
NR
Freedom Coalition
FC
Parti pour l'Autonomie (Socialist)
PA (Socialist)
Parti pour I'Autonomie and People's National Party
PA-PNP
Parti pour l'Autonomie (Federalist)
PA (Federalist)
The Parti pour I'Autonomie and Labour Party
PA-LP
Unity Party
UP
National Consolidation Party
NCP
Patriotic Union
PU
Military Government
MG
Unification Party
UP
Parti pour I'Autonomie (Socialist)
PA (Socialist)
Labour Party
LP
People's Party
PP
British Citizens' and Workers' Home Rule Party (Butler Party)
BP
Vickers-Armstrong
Jamaican Armoury
Kingston Dockyards
de Havilland Guyana
The Cayenne Agreement
The Cayenne Agreement was signed in 1931 between British and French politicians regarding the status of the French territories. The agreement guarantees higher autonomy for the French colonies than the British, and has been the subject of a great deal of controversy.
Modified Cayenne Agreement
With the Parti pour I'Autonomie in power, the Frenchmen have been convinced to fight for the federation.
Young Army
While we may have experienced British general staff backing us, the idea of a West Indies army is relatively new. Our troops, while eager to learn, do not yet have the experience or training they need.
Artillery Investments
Increased Artillery Production
Land Air Cooperation
New Command
With Clifford's plan being chosen for the official West Indies doctrine, a strong emphasis has been put on having a proper plan and competent generals to carry them out.
Centralised Command
Clifford has been pushing his reforms forward more as of late with his most recent reform consolidating the generals to plan more effectively.
Army-Naval Command
Clifford's final reform has embraced the navy into the joint planning system, allowing for much more effective communication between the army and navy.
Increased Military Funding
Although our budget is limited, we have chosen to increase military funding, ensuring we are prepared for the next war.
The West Indies Air Force
No longer a meagre force mixed of volunteers, locally made planes, and natives, the West Indies Air Force has been created to protect our waters from the sky.
Increased Air Funding
Surprisingly enough, the government has decided to prioritise the funding of the Air Force compared to the navy and army, attracting more people to join.
Caribbean Trade
Trade within the Caribbean and even Central America is a very important part of our country, and it's only natural that our navy helps to promote this.
The West Indies Naval Academy
For a focus on self dependence, we have made our own naval academy to train our people on the basics of our navy.
A Canadian Naval Academy
Due to a worry of a lack of experience on our part, we have begun to rely on Canada for assistance in naval training.
Expanded Naval Production
Defenders of the Caribbean
Increased Naval Budget
As expected by most, the government has chosen to increase naval spending with our limited budget, ensuring our naval officers receive a high quality training.
Economic Downfall
The collapse of the British Empire has caused the majority of the market on the Home Isles to be closed off from us. With our exports and tourism now very limited, the Federation's living standards have been plummeting.
The Great Depression
Ripples of financial disaster have hit our country. When Black Monday in Germany extended the Great Depression in the United States, our economy has shattered even further. The people are upset and quality of life is dropping even lower than the poor standards we previously had.
West Indies Monetary Compensation
The revelation of what was discovered in the Moyne report led to a recommendation by the commission to increase the amount of funding going to the West Indies, which we have decided to respect.
West Indies Monetary Compensation
The revelation of what was discovered in the Moyne report led to a recommendation by the commission to increase the amount of funding going to the West Indies, which the Canadian government has decided to respect.
Tourism Monopolies
Social Programmes
Social programmes have been enacted in order to appease the people and improve the conditions of the West Indies in general.
Social Programmes
$WIF_social_programs_idea_desc$ Along with this, more money has been invested in the building of schools for the country to try and improve the standard of education.
Expanded Agriculture
With the Great Depression behind us, the price of sugar has made a steady rise from its plummet downwards. Sugar along with other crops have begun production in full again in order to restore our previous profits.
Agricultural Reform
Along with the expansion of the farming industry, many reforms have been set in place in order to make farming work at peak efficiency and with the correct standards.
Developing Industries for War
The Cayenne Agreement Compromised
The Cayenne Agreement signed in 1931 was signed between British and French politicians regarding the status of the French territories. The agreement guarantees higher autonomy for the French colonies over the British, and has been the subject of a high amount of controversy. After the elections of 1937 the Cayenne Agreement has been confounded by NCP.
The Cayenne Agreement Rescinded
The Cayenne Agreement signed in 1931 was signed between British and French politicians regarding the status of the French territories. The agreement guarantees higher autonomy for the French colonies over the British, and has been the subject of a high amount of controversy. After the elections of 1937 the Cayenne Agreement has been being systemically compromised by NCP. This agreement now is only theoretically in work.
Federal Institute of West Indies
Federal Institute of West Indies is an advisory body whose task is to organise the integration process. [WIF_federal_institute_head]
Ralph Grey is the current head.
Robert Arundell is the current head.
Currently, the position of head is vacant.
French Conscription
The army will help us integrate the French into the Federation. Just as others they must serve in the army. The time of excessive autonomy is behind us.
Consolidation Disaster
Our nation is crumbling. Consolidation turned out to be a disaster.
Consolidation Failed
Our nation is suffering. Consolidation failed.
Consolidation Is a Bitter Success
Our nation is stabilising. Consolidation turned out successfully. We paid a high price for it but it was worth it.
Consolidation Triumph
Total triumph of the consolidation!
The Final Draft of the Constitution is a Resounding Success!
The constitution proposed by us turned out to be not only optimal for the parliamentary majority, but it is also assessed as well written. Journalists give it as a model of modern piece of legislation.
The Final Draft of the Constitution is received with Mixed Reactions
The desire to adopt a new constitution at any price and with a small amount of work led to the creation of another incoherent document. It's good that it even exists, but maybe we could have written something better.
School Subsidies
We offered state subsidies to improve the schools in French. Thanks to this, they can manage to match the level of English-speaking schools.
Labour Movement Ended
Cracked Down on Unions
It's time for everyone to get to work instead of a revolutionary struggle.
It's time for everyone to get to work instead of a revolutionary struggle.
Plantation Issues
Freedom of the Press
It has been decreed that the press shall be free, and that the news can freely voice their opinions without fear.
United Workers
The workers' strife has been ended - workers are organised in unions, united against their oppressors, the capitalists.
A New West Indian Culture
'West Indian' is now accepted as a united culture. No longer will the people of the West Indies be split along ethnic and linguistic lines. Instead, they will continue on as one people.
Promotion of Trade
Trade has been promoted between the West Indies Union and the world.
Trade Union Dominance
The position of trade unions within the government has been elevated.
Mechanised Labour
Labourers can now use machines in their work to speed it up.
Concessions to the NCP
Concessions to Unity
Concessions to the Social Democrats
2nd Cayenne Agreement
The First Cayenne Agreement was signed in 1931 between British and French politicians regarding the status of the French territories. The 2nd Cayenne Agreement, however, guarantees equal rights and level of autonomy for the French and British colonies. It is far less controversial and moreover it better guarantees crucial civil rights for everybody.
Sangster Bill
Social liberal set of resolutions that surely is going to stimulate West Indies economy.
Increased Soldiers Wages
Conscription to the army should not be forced. To create content military, some funds should be devoted to increasing wages and improving the quality of life of military personnel. We are peaceful but we also need to protect ourselves.
Pacifism
There is no reason to increase the conscription to the army. That is why we can delegate part of the population back to the economy. We are peaceful and pacifist nation.
Informal Cooperation with Trade Unions
Building the Social Coalition
Decentralise Economy
A New Economy for the Confederation
The Grand Social Coalition
By convincing all the various radical groups in our country to law down their arms and cooperate with us to bring the country to prosperous socialism, we have managed to create a powerful block in the parliament and in the populace.
Legalised Trade Unions
By legalising the trade unions, whom leaders are friendly to us, we have increased the cooperation between government and industry, and have given a stronger voice for the workers in their plight.
Assisted Reconstruction
A Caribbean Economy
Clamp Down on Syndicalism
Lax Anti-Syndicalist Laws
The Second Cayenne Agreement
Mending the Language Divide
Left-wing political support will drop greatly and agreements with the French islands will be removed.
§RThe Internationale will enter the war. We may not be ready to fight them.§!\n
§YWe will offer a peace which assures our continued control over Bermuda and the Bahamas.§!\n
§CTensions can no longer lead to spontaneous socialist and imperial coups, though they may still create maluses.§!\n
Replace both §YSocial Programmes§! and §YAgricultural Reform§! with §YA Caribbean Economy§!\nEffective Change:\n$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_FACTORY_MAX_EFFICIENCY_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!
Replace both §YLegalised Trade Unions§! and §YDecentralise Economy§! with §YA New Economy for the Confederation§!\nEffective Change:\n$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_FACTORY_MAX_EFFICIENCY_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_GLOBAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!
Two §Ylight cruisers§! and six §Ydestroyers§! will be transferred to §C[WIF.GetNameWithFlag]§!.
Four §Ydestroyers§! will be transferred to §C[WIF.GetNameWithFlag]§!.
We will choose to focus on preparing a navy that can project force far from our own shores.
We will choose to focus on preparing a navy that can properly protect our possessions in the Caribbean.
We will be forced to switch to Leatham's plan.
Canada has refused to send us ships.
The Conference is finished preparing.
§OWe will begin the preparations for the conference between parties.§!\n
§RWe will begin the conference, we can only hope the results will be positive.§!
§OWe must decide what the status of the Governor-General will be in the future of the Federation.§!
\nThis will modify §Y$WIF_cayenne_agreement_2_00$§! by:\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: §R-5.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_CONSCRIPTION_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §R-4.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!
\nThis will modify §Y$WIF_cayenne_agreement_2_00$§! by:\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: §R-10.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_CONSCRIPTION_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §R-8.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!
\nThis will modify §Y$WIF_cayenne_agreement_2_00$§! by:\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_CONSCRIPTION_FACTOR$: §R-5.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §G+4.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: §R-5.00%§!
\nThis will modify §Y$WIF_cayenne_agreement_2_00$§! by:\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_CONSCRIPTION_FACTOR$: §R-10.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §G+8.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: §R-10.00%§!
\nThis will modify §Y$WIF_cayenne_agreement_2_00$§! by:\n$MODIFIER_CONSCRIPTION_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §R-10.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!
§GA new agreement will be made based off our policies so far:§!
§RSocialist§! tensions will lower by $RIGHT|G0$.\n
§RSocialist§! tensions will rise by $RIGHT|R0$.\n
Tensions with the §CEmpire§! will lower by $RIGHT|G0$.\n
Tensions with the §CEmpire§! will rise by $RIGHT|R0$.\n
Tensions with the §CEmpire§! will become §R55§!\n
§GSocialist tensions are removed!§!\n
§GTensions with the §CEmpire§! are removed!§!\n
Socialist tensions will become §R75§!\n
Tensions with the §CEmpire§! are lower than §R20§!\n
Consolidation will lower by $RIGHT|R0$.\n
Consolidation will rise by $RIGHT|G0$.\n
We gain $RIGHT|G0$ votes for the new constitution!\n
We gain $RIGHT|R0$ votes against the new constitution!\n
We gain $RIGHT|C0%%$ quality of the new constitution!\n
§RIf we vote now, the constitution won't pass.§!
£pol_idea Social Turmoil
Social Turmoil\n§W--------------§!\n§gThough politically united, the [ROOT.GetName] is socially divided. Loyalist and Socialist forces jockey for dominance of public life while Localist identity slowly grows amongst the nation's many culturally diverse islands.§!\n\n[WIF_coupornotloc]§YUpdates Dynamically:§!\n§W--------------\nCurrent tension with the§! §YSocialists§!§W:§! [WIF_socornot]\n§WCurrent tension with the§! §YEmpire§!§W:§! [WIF_britornot]\n\n§W$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$:§! [?WIF.var_wif_stability|=%+]\n§W$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$:§! [?WIF.var_wif_war_support|=%+]\n§W$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$:§! [?WIF.var_wif_pol_power|=%+]
Notes on calculation:\n-Baseline effects are calculated linearly. Five points of stability or five percent of political power gain are subtracted for each marginally higher level of socialist or Imperial anger respectively.\n-At medium or higher levels of anger, war support is deducted on the same scale.\n- Under a socialist or Imperial government, while maluses from the faction in power are obviously negated, the maluses from the other faction are intensified. This does not affect the threshold for a coup to occur.
§CVery Low ([?WIF_socialist_anger])§!
§GLow ([?WIF_socialist_anger])§!
§YMedium ([?WIF_socialist_anger])§!
§OHigh ([?WIF_socialist_anger])§!
§RVery High ([?WIF_socialist_anger])§!
§CVery Low ([?WIF_british_anger])§!
§GLow ([?WIF_british_anger])§!
§YMedium ([?WIF_british_anger])§!
§OHigh ([?WIF_british_anger])§!
§RVery High ([?WIF_british_anger])§!
§gIf tensions with any group reach a§! §RVery High§! §glevel, a §Rcoup§! may be launched.§!\n\n
§WN/A§!
[WIF_socialistangerloc]
§WN/A§!
[WIF_britishangerloc]
§RThe Moyne Commission shall release its report a year from now. If we do not take their suggestions and apply them by that time, the Unity Party can face harsh consequences, along with changes in the strike movement.§!
This will help the federation save face by the time the report releases.
§YA new socialist West Indian military is born.§!
§GThe Young Freedom Coalition pledges support for the Parti pour l'Autonomie Government.§!\n
§GThe Fringe Revolutionary Front pledges support for the Parti pour l'Autonomie Government.§!\n
§GThe Popular National Resistance pledges support for the Parti pour l'Autonomie Government.§!\n
§RThis will remove any form of the Cayenne Agreement currently in effect.§!
Entente
Internationale
French-Caribbean Exchange Programme
Granted Us Suzerainty Over Puerto Rico
The Moyne Report Is Released
The Airway Project
Right now the West Indies covers many locations, from all the way up to Bermuda all the way down to Cayenne. While the navy serves us well to help transport these waters for now, who knows when it will fail us, leaving us isolated from the majority of our country? As such, the government has begun to undergo a project of constructing airports and bases around the country as a failsafe in case we can no longer traverse our waters.
Jamaica Airway Expansion
Jamaica, currently considered one of the keys to keeping the Federation together as the industrial capital alongside Trinidad & Tobago and Guyana is in dire need of an official airbase. Without it, we could see our capital put in danger at the worst moment possible.
Bahamas Airway Construction
The Bahamas are possibly the most decentralised of all of our colonies, consisting of over 700 islands altogether. While not integral to the defence of the federation, it useful just for tourism profit from America and must not be lost.
Bermuda Airway Construction
A mere 50 square kilometres, Bermuda is often overlooked. However, thanks to its central position in the Atlantic Ocean, it has a high strategic value. We should capitalise on this by expanding the island's airfields.
Guyana Incident Reaction
The events in Guyana were a cruel act of barbarism. Innocent people lost their lives, killed by the syndicalist beasts. We must stop this spiral of hatred. The integration process shall begin.
Send in Special Forces
We must send in special forces to stop the rebellion in East Guyana and arrest instigators. It is unfortunate, but it is the only way we can stop the violence from getting worse.
Take over Bauxite Mines
We must take control over the bauxite mines and bring them to their full splendour. Full nationalisation will allow us to slightly increase extraction.
Propaganda Campaign
By slandering and depicting the people we arrest as monsters, we can sway public opinion to our side..
Establish Federal Institute
The Federal Institute of West Indies will be an advisory body whose task it will be to organise the integration process.
Integration Process
Consolidation is our priority. We must unify our homeland and we must do it as soon as possible. This will be evaluated by the integration rate. Depending on its value after the timer expires, we will receive an appropriate evaluation.\n\nIntegration rate levels:\n§G100-80%§!\n§H80-50%§!\n§R50-30%§!\n§R0-30%§!\n\n§gOur current integration rate: [?wifint]%§!
Integration Timer
When the timer ends, we will receive a proper evaluation of the process. If it is high enough we will recover the cores in the former French colonies.
Ask for Royal Assistance
We must ask his Majesty for help in the consolidation process. The plan calls upon the ever-generous monarch to send a group of lawyers and political scientists to assist with integration, in exchange for temporarily placing a significant portion of our Bauxite mines under full Canadian control.
Start the Guyana Trials
The beasts from Guyana became the main topic of talks between the inhabitants of the Federation. Numerous newspaper headlines have been devoted to them. It is high time for them to be judged. The arrested are detained in Trinidad. The trials are going to intensely affect our society.
Judiciary Unification
Consolidation requires us to unite our legal system. The old French laws must give way to the modern legal order inspired by the Commonwealth law. However, an important issue without which this system can not be introduced due to the pressure of our party are the Guyana Trials. As long as they do not start the legislative work on unification of the law will not be voted. Prominent NCP politicians' will should be sanctified.
French Conscription
We have begun a huge campaign to recruit residents of French Antilles to our army. The General Staff is opposed to the introduction of more French-speaking officers. This may make the functioning of our army more difficult, but on the other hand it will be a perfect example of harmonious consolidation.
Universal Rights Agreement
After guaranteeing civil rights for the inhabitants of the former French colonies, we still cannot count on their loyalty. However, we can arrange a great event in the Port of France. During the grand ceremonies, a declaration of the universal civic rights in the West Indian Federation will be officially signed. Certainly, this will make our people like us more. Moreover it will highly improve our party popularity.
Organise a Meeting with the Local Population
The government is taking the initiative to meet with the local population. However, the effect of such a solution is not sure. The fear that the population will react negatively is strongly justified. The basis is to prove to them that the consolidate is happening and it is harmless.
Flyer in French
A small manifesto has been published in Port of France. It is contemptuously called the 'flyer in French' by Kingston elites. It deals with matters that touch on ridiculousness. Most of the proposals should be rejected in the runs. However, the acceptance of a few more might appeal to the inhabitants of the French Antilles. The author of this failed work remains unknown... Nevertheless, the Federal Institute must carry out the analysis of the manifesto.
Francophonie
Already in September 1937, the first attempts to cooperate with the Sorbonne were made. It is time to intensify this relation. We can invite a representative of the Sorbonne. However, in order to get permission for their arrival we need to improve relations with the French Commune. It's going to warm up NCP image among the islanders. Moreover, it will allow us to organise Department of French Literature at the University of Kingston. Part of the inhabitants of Martinique and Guadeloupe will have a chance for high-quality education in French.
New Constitution for the West Indies Federation
Each category allows us to achieve a specific bonus. However, we must remember that §Hthe most favourable decisions may not be liked by the voters§!, and thus may not allow the adoption of a new constitution. Additionally, at the moment of voting, the §Cquality§! of our new constitution will be assessed. §C50%§! is enough to consider it §Cgood§!. This high quality constitution would §Cstabilise§! federation, improve national spirit and push us towards §Cmodernisation§!.\n\n§gTherefore, you should find equilibrium between the number of votes in favour, the quality of the new constitution and the amount of additional bonuses.§!\nVotes for: §G[?WIF_const_for]§!\nVotes against: §R[?WIF_const_against]§!\nConstitutional quality: §C[?WIF_const_qual]%§!
Address the Capitalist Economy in the Constitution
Address Personal Liberties in the Constitution
Address Reforms to the Political System in the Constitution
Address the Rule of Law in the Constitution
Address our Relation with Canada in the Constitution
Convince some Representatives to Vote
Final Voting on the Constitution
If we have more votes for than against, the new constitution will be passed. The effect of the new constitution on the legal order will depend on its quality. On the other hand if we lose the vote, it will cause political fiasco for NCP and a loss of stability.
2nd Cayenne Meeting
Undecided pool: §Y[?WIF_2nd_cayenne_meeting_undecided]§!\nRepresentatives for agreement: §G[?WIF_2nd_cayenne_meeting_for]§!\nRepresentatives against agreement: §R[?WIF_2nd_cayenne_meeting_against]§!\n\nWe need to gain as many supporters as we can, but 51 will allow us to pass the new agreement.
Parti pour I'Autonomie-Labour Party Coalition
[palpcoaltion]\n[palpcoaltion2]\n[palpcoaltion3]
Coalition is §Rfalling§!.
Coalition is §Yunstable§!.
Coalition is §Gworking§!.
Coalition is §Cstable§!.
We work with §CNCP§!.
We work with §YUnity§!.
We work with §RSocial Democrats§!.
We §Ydo not have majority§!. We can work alone or we can try to invite other party to work with us. As long as there is no majority government [Root.GetName] will suffer from destabilisation. Moreover there are some chances that our coalition with LP gets destabilised.
§YThe government has not been formed.§!
§YThe government has been formed.§!
Stabilise Coalition with LP
We can try to use our influence to stabilise our coalition with LP. But keep in mind that this action gets more expensive every time you use it. But keeping coalition with LP stable or working should be priority for us.
Report on the Party Status
Our party can be evaluated based on the stability of our coalition with LP. There are some nasty consequences for instability. But well working party can highly improve the quality of West Indies political life.
Form A Coalition with Another Party
We can start talks with other factions. Who we can offer cooperation will depend on the goals we have chosen and who we have worked with during the 2nd Cayenne Conference.
Falling Coalition Penalties
Every time after countdown you can get bad events or one helping you to improve the stability PA-LP coalition.
Form Majority Government
Finally. The West Indies needed it.
Minority Government Penalties
PA do not have majority in the parliament. Therefore we can not pass any new bills. To combat this, we need to find other party willing to work with us. Every week we wait our Federation loses a chance to develop.
Organise Meeting
Voting
Gain Votes from NCP
Gain Votes from Unity
Gain Votes from Social Democrats
Permanent Rule of the Governor-General
Looking at the history of elections in the Federation, Sir Fiennes has made the call to continue to rule without returning to democracy, lest it threaten to destroy the country again.
Strike Season
With a trend of labour strikes and a very alarming spike of French sympathy for the mainland, we're teetering on a very frightening scale of appeasing both the left and the right of our country, resulting in many referring to this time as our country's 'Strike Season'. Should we ever begin to go too far in sympathising with these anarchists, the Governor-General could intervene. Suppressing them too much, on the other hand, could lead to outright revolution. We'll need to be careful with our actions in the future while keeping this in mind.
Increase the Plantations' Fiscal Responsibilities
For a long time, the nature of our fledgling government has allowed the plantations to continuously falsify their profits, and thus, the amount they had to be taxed. While they still bring us revenue in the form of exports, this is a visible violation of the rule of law, and newspapers and socialists never miss a chance to report on it. We'd better increase our oversight of the finances of the plantations to increase the trust in the government.
Crack Down on Illegal Activities in the French Islands
Ever since the integration of the French colonies, the language divide has been a hard one to overcome. Another big issue was the fact that not all Frenchmen liked the new arrangements, and started trying to get around the stricter laws. Even worse, the French police have looked the other way when the crime involved anything regarding weakening the authority of the Federation, and British policemen do not have the tools needed to intervene in the French-speaking territories. We need to crack down on these troublemakers in a more concise manner, lest our hold on the French continue to weaken.
Increase Pressure for English Adoption
The language divide in the federation has to be solved, and the current policies are too slow. We need to fund English schools for adults, and enforce English as a secondary language in the curriculum of all French schools.
Allow Yellow Unions
While unions are toxic to the federation's economy, we could concede to socialist unrest and legalise a milder form of unionism, one that the corporation still has control over.
The West Indies Federation was created as a result of the collapse of the British Empire in 1925 due to being unable to exert the influence to control the region directly. After the incorporation of the French colonies in 1927, the country has been home to not only a noticeable class divide but a cultural and ideological one as well. The people and new generation have seen a noticeable drift towards socialist attitudes and preference towards the communards on the mainland. All it could take is one wrong step before chaos erupts on the Indies...
GFX_WIF_intro
Introduction to the West Indies Federation
The West Indies Federation has had a troubled history since its creation, with what was initially a divide between Englishmen who did and did not want to incorporate the French colonies evolving into a complete split between French and British culture. The victory of the NCP (National Consolidation Party) in the 1925 elections resulted in the incorporation of French colonies, but with deep socialist roots in them, it immediately grew into chaos.\n\nThis ended with the victory of the UP (Unity Party) and signing of the Cayenne Agreement in 1931. This established the ability for the French to make their own parties and allowed them higher autonomy than the British colonies. While this move turned out well at first, it seems to have only increased tensions in the long run with the moderate right demanding the entire agreement be repealed and replaced with a new one, while the left wants to further increase autonomy for either the French or all territories of the Federation.\n\nA new party, the PA (Parti pour l'Autonomie), a huge mesh of French socialists and liberals along with a smattering of left-leaning British politicians designed to represent the left, was created in 1933. Partially as a response to this, the NCP has steadily been rising in power and popularity again due to a large part of the British population feeling like it got a bad deal in the Cayenne Agreement. Having barely slipped by in the 1933 elections, the Unity Party stands in a dangerous position.
§MPA-PNP Victory§! ($social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Complete no more than one Moyne Commission reform focuses before the Moyne Commission makes its report, and the §SPA-PNP§! can be elected in the Federal Election.\n\n§MPA-LP Victory§! ($social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Complete two or more Moyne Commission reform focuses before the Moyne Commission makes its report, and the §lPA-LP§! can be elected in the Federal Election.\n\n§MUnity Victory§! ($market_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Complete at least one Moyne Commission reform focus before the Moyne Commission makes its report and the §mUnity Party§! can be elected in the Federal Election.\n\n§MNCP Victory§! ($social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot Simply choose the §cNCP§! as the winner in the Federal Election. It will always be available no matter how many Moyne Commission focuses were taken or not.\n\n§MThe Governor's Push§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Be at peace and have tensions with the Empire be at 80 or above and the coup will randomly fire.\n£white_dot If you complete the focus \
Bermuda
the Bahamas
Bermuda and the Bahamas
withdraw while retaining [WIF_event_islands], 
Unity Victory
The Unity Party, focused on reconciliation between the various parties and a compromise, has come out on top in the 1937 Elections.
Contact the NCP
The NCP represents a large amount of the right-wing side of West Indies politics, hoping to achieve complete incorporation of the French colonies. Contacting them will be necessary for us to achieve political peace.
Contact the Governor-General
The Governor-General of the Federation is an experienced general and politician from the times of the Weltkrieg. Known for not being afraid to state his opinion on the current affairs of the Federation, involving him in the talks between parties is a must.
Contact the PA
The PA is the main representative for the French minority in the country and their needs. Despite some unsavoury rumours about them, it's best to ensure we remain in contact with them as well.
Prepare the Conference
With all parties contacted and heard from, Gordon James Lethem has decided to hold a conference between all the parties in an attempt to form a '2nd Agreement which satisfies all sides'. The preparation for this will be lengthy, but something good could come out of it in the end.
Begin the Conference
With all the preparations complete, we can officially begin the conference. Tensions are high, but surely something can come out of this event.
Increase French Autonomy
The PA, despite some of their radical viewpoints, are right that the French deserve more autonomy than they currently have. While the NCP would be fiercely opposed to this, it is necessary to ensure peace for our young nation.
Retain Cayenne French Autonomy
The Cayenne Agreement was right about the topic of French autonomy at least, and it is perfect right where it is at. While this will only really satisfy members of our party and Félix Éboué's group, picking either side on this topic would result in disaster.
Lower French Autonomy
The Cayenne Agreement was completely wrong in its purpose. The idea that the French population is deserving of more rights than the British is stubbornness on the French and PA's part, and not something we should have to deal with.
Increase British Autonomy
The idea of not mentioning British autonomy in the Cayenne Agreement was ludicrous, and only resulted in an increase of Syndicalist British activities. Autonomy must be properly raised in order to compensate for lack there of from the Cayenne Agreement.
Retain Cayenne British Autonomy
British Autonomy is an even more dangerous topic to touch than French, due to it being a trigger for both French and British Syndicalist movements. It's best to leave the topic alone than to touch the hornet's nest.
Lower British Autonomy
Not discussing British Autonomy in the Cayenne Agreement was a mistake on our part. British Autonomy is already too high with the French Syndicalists growing as a result. It must be lowered in order to satisfy the French population.
Crack Down on Syndicalism
Syndicalism in the Federation will be an ever-looming threat until dealt with properly, and what is a better time than now? We must make sure our country is never threatened again by the Syndicalist menace.
Loosen the Reins
The reason Syndicalist movements are so present in the Federation is due to our censorship of them, making the people feel a heavy weight on their psyche, and making our government less liked. Loosening censorship laws will help us in the long-term.
British Ties
The British population makes up the majority of our population, and our ties to them is everlasting. While this will displease the French minority, the majority must take precedent.
French Ties
The French have had limited contact with us besides through the governors of the French colonies, which deeply upsets the French population. Creating new ties with the French will please them, but might upset the British majority in our country.
Status of the Governor-General
While the Governor-General has served us well, his position in power is something that must be decided. While he serves as a source of inspiration for the British, his presence adds a very distinct British feeling to the French colonies.
The 2nd Agreement
With all things decided and the worst avoided, a 2nd Agreement has officially been forged based off our previous policies. Hopefully this will ensure a future of political peace for the Federation.
PA Victorious
With the Victory of the PA, the Unity Party coalition lies shattered. While normally this would call for celebration amongst our party members, the reality is that the fragile alliance that once kept us together now lays broken, and the faction from the PA that comes out successful from the power struggle may change the shape of the Federation forever...
PA-PNP Coalition
The PA shall ally itself with its most socialist elements, forming the PA-PNP Coalition and setting the Federation on the path of Socialism.
Memories of the Mainland
We should not forget that those who call themselves our masters were expelled from their home nations. While the protection of the Empire has been appreciated, our ties with the home nations the Entente seeks to recover so desperately may be stronger than our ties to the Entente as a whole.
Reconciliation Project
In order to stand a chance against the conservative elements of our nation, we can't allow ourselves to stand divided. We need to contact the Socialist organisations in our nation and bring them under our wing. Through Unity, we will find strength.
Status of the Trade Unions
Our first step towards earning the trust of socialist organisations is by clarifying the status of the Trade Unions in our nation, as their legal status has been left relatively murky in order to make them more easily manageable for the government.
The Fringe Revolutionary Front
The Fringe Revolutionaries, while few in number, will still make up for an important ally against the reactionaries in the Federation. With this objective in mind, we ought to make contact with their organisation and start drawing plans together.
The Popular National Resistance
With the other factions under our thumb, it is time to contact the last remaining faction. The Popular National Resistance movement has been a prevalent force within the Federation, and their support in this time of need could prove to be the definitive leverage we need to accomplish our goals.
The Young Freedom Coalition
The Young Freedom Coalition takes up a significant part of the socialist support base in our nation, and their support will be vital for our efforts of uniting the left wing movements against the reactionaries.
Legalise Trade Unions
With the legal restrictions lifted in our prevision legislative revision, we can now finally de-facto legalise the Trade Unions in our territory and endorse their usage for the general populace.
Steps Towards Autonomy
One of the main points over why we were elected was the promise of increased autonomy from the Federal Government. While costly, this first step towards accomplishing our promises to the people will be vital to secure legitimacy in the people's eyes.
Convince French Conscription
The French have been supporters of the PA for quite some time, and our victory in the elections has been greatly acclaimed in their territories. Since we can barely afford to trust the British conscripts, we would do well in encouraging more French-speaking citizens to sign up to our armed forces.
Persuading the People
Many within our nation still trust the Entente to protect their interests, despite the fact the Entente has bigger issues to deal with than concerning themselves for the government type of our island-nations. We will have to convince them that this government is for the people, by the people, as well as assuring our English-speaking citizens that our government won't oppose the Entente's commands.
Secured Loyalty
With the loyalty of the people secured, we can finally display the legitimacy we needed to be able to face the Entente agents on equal grounds. While they won't like our move towards independence, there's little they'll be able to do against it.
Preparing the Secession
Our secession will not come without question or difficulties, and we may have to face the might of the Entente or the ire of their loyalists sooner rather than later. As such, we will have to undertake steps to assure that we will be prepared for any eventuality for when we do secede.
Declare the Confederation
With our power consolidated and our pool of supporter larger than ever, it is now time to implement one of our most risky promises: To turn the West Indies Federation into a Confederation of equal yet autonomous states.
PA-LP Coalition
Trying to sideline the most radical socialist groups, the PA has joined forces with the Labour Party and both parties will now work closely to bring about the Liberalist ideals to our nation.
Proposal for a New Agreement
The present agreement seems to be too compromising. It's time to adopt a new agreement that guarantees more freedom for the citizens of the Federation. At the same time, the state should withdraw from such intense interference in people's lives. We must prepare a draft for a new agreement and send it to the main political parties. Then we will be able to organise the 2nd Conference in Cayenne.
Reconciliation with the Socialists
PA has always had two wings. It's time to reconcile with socialist brothers. As long as they are willing to give up their radical aspirations, our cooperation will be fruitful.
Mending the Divide
Time has shown that we can work as a unity for the good of the islanders. Such an arrangement will allow us to manage efficiently.
Our Own Power
First of all, focus on increasing the strength of our party. The coalition with LP must strengthen before we start looking for another coalition partner.
Ties with the Unity Party
A natural ally in the implementation of liberal ideas seems to be Unity Party. In the future we may invite them to form majority coalition in the parliament.
Hear the People
Do you hear the people talk? It is the speech of a people who will not be slaves again. It turned out that consolidation or other forms of restricting freedom would not be effective. NCP lost its position, now they may try to form coalition with PA. It would be unthinkable.
Status of Autonomy
Donald Sangster is a young reformer with a head full of fresh ideas about decentralisation and how a country can economically benefit from the self-government of its citizens. We need to decide if we want to trust this young economy minister.
The Issue of Conscription
During the elections, the issue of conscription to the army was rarely discussed. However, in order to stay in line with the mainstream of our party, it is necessary to raise the subject of involuntary conscription to the army.
Ideas of a Republic
The ideal of political life is the republic, understood as a political community. The West Indies Federation as a subject of Canada has a monarch over itself. The king is the guarantor of democracy, but no monarch not elected by people should be the head of our country. It's time to adopt a resolution on this subject, declaring the king 'patron of democracy in West Indies'.
Liberal and Equal Society
With the implementation of our policies, we can finally establish that our government, while Liberal in nature and embracing the idea of the free market, will not abandon its citizens to their fate, and we will strive to reach a balance between socio-economic freedoms and welfare measures.
§C2nd Cayenne Agreement§! will be available via decisions.
Some representatives will vote §Gfor§! §CNew Agreement§!.
40 votes §Gfor§! §CNew Agreement§! needed.
51 votes §Gfor§! §CNew Agreement§! needed.
§YUnstable§! or §RFalling§! coalition with LP needed.\n
Coalition §GStability§! will rise after this.\n
Coalition §RStability§! will drop after this.\n
§CStable§! or §GWorking§! coalition with LP needed.\n
§CStable§! coalition with LP needed.\n
Not §RFalling§! coalition with LP needed.\n
§RFalling§! coalition with LP. Improve stability to stop being punished.\n
§YMajority government§! has been formed.
§YMajority government§! is going to be formed.
§C2nd Cayenne Agreement§! has been already voted.
§C2nd Cayenne Agreement§! has been already voted, so improving coalition stability is going to get cheaper.\n
NCP Victorious
From 1929, when the NCP lost power, the West Indies were losing their importance. It was during the NCP rule that the territory of the federation expanded by former French colonies. Many say that the party's policy has led to stagnation in our homeland. However, despite this bad press, NCP has steadily strengthened. It was almost enough for us to take over power in 1933 and bring order to West Indies.
Swearing our Loyalty
The identity and cohesion of our nation result from loyalty to the British Monarchy. Without the king, the sense of the existence of the Federation is threatened. As soon as possible, we must go to Ottawa to inform His Majesty about our loyalty. The interest of the residents of West Indies is the interest of the entire empire faithful to the king.
Political Domination
The strength of the NCP has been proven by the 1937 elections. We must solidify our power by using all the tricks allowed in democracy. On the one hand, we must silence the syndicalists who benefit from the disloyalty of the French. On the other hand, radicals on the right may be a problem. We can not let West Indies fall into the vortex of authoritarianism.
The Intervention
Those gazing at the governor of lunatics still pose a threat to our democracy. To this end, the NCP organised mass conscription to the army among the population associated with the authoritarians.
Governor-General Cooperation
We must organise an advisory body with our government responsible for cooperation with the Governor. In this way NCP will be able to control authoritarian attempts. And the Governor-General will get the illusion of power.
Weaken the Left
The weakening of the left wing is decisive for the West Indies Federation progress. Unfortunately, to avoid the build-up of tensions, we must do it delicately. We can initiate talks and at the same time create a series of scandals compromising the left.
Crackdown on Unions
Stopping the workers' movement hes been a fundamental goal for a long time. Thanks to this, we will remove the blockade for the development of the economy. It is time to use the weakest for many years position of the left and to forbid trade unions.
End the Labour Movement
The Labour Movement at some degree became a symbol of anarchy. Time to prohibit the publication of content that stirs up the mood. In addition, conspiratorial organisations will be dissolved, so as radical parties. In turn, landowners and capitalists will be obliged to supervise revolutionary moods in workplaces. It's time for everyone to get to work instead of a revolutionary struggle.
The Integration Process
In our election campaign we have highlighted the need to complete the integration process. It is time to decide with what to replace the shameful Cayenne Agreement. We must also take into account the resistance of the inhabitants of French Antilles and Eastern Guiana. Time for consolidation!
Lower the Autonomy
Some members of our party believe that the real consolidation requires us only to partially abolish the autonomy of the former French colonies. This option would certainly be easier to swallow for the enemies of the consolidation. However, some NCP members may see this as a missed opportunity to finally kill the Cayenne Agreement. Maybe it's time to forge a new friendlier version of consolidation.
Revoke the Autonomy
Some members of our party believe that the true consolidation requires us to completely abolish the autonomy of the former French colonies. Such a solution would allow us to create a strong state in which there is an only one clear centre of power. The benefits of this method are unquestionable. However, there is also a risk that we will not be able to convince the French to our ideas. It could be a disaster.
Allow French Conscription
It's time to launch a conscription among the French. This will organise the environment that will catalyse birth of the generation of new patriots. In addition, it will undoubtedly strengthen our army and also show them that we do not treat them as enemies that threaten the integrity of our army. If only they want to serve in our army at all...
Universal Rights
Being a West Indies citizen also means certain rights. It is time to reward forgotten citizens as long as we are sure that they will not create a problem for NCP government. In addition, this can only strengthen our consolidation. One legal system will facilitate management and integration of our nation.
The New Identity
A new national identity was created, which will only strengthen ties in our country with each passing year. The first phase of consolidation is moving towards the end. We have to look to the future and try to keep the path once chosen, then the profit will be great. A wonderful French-Caribbean mix born in the spirit of the British culture and law.
Ending the Strife
One consolidated nation. No one doubts that the empire of hundreds of islands (fabricated by us) will last hundreds of years.
Integration process has begun
D.J. Jardin has reacted to East Guyana Incident
Bauxite mine in East Guyana has been retaken
Government has set up propaganda programme in East Guyana
Federal Institute has been founded
Entente has promised assistance in the integration process
Guyana trials have started
French conscription has been started
Universal rights have been instituted
§CNew constitution§! decisions are enabled
§CIntegration§! decisions are going to be enabled after some events
§CMore Integration§! decisions are enabled.\n§RSuccessful ending will be easier to obtain.§!
§CMore Integration§! decisions are enabled.\n§RSuccessful ending will be harder to obtain.§!
§RHarsh trials will remove integration progress.§!§G On the other hand people of the West Indies are strongly in favour of it.§!
§GGentle trials will push forward integration progress.§!§R On the other hand people of the West Indies are strongly against it.§!
The Governor's Push
With the Governor General now possessing extraordinary executive powers, we can finally make a move towards securing the Federation against those who threaten its existence.
Ban Dangerous Groups
Socialist parties and organisations infest our country like a plague. In order to dismantle such the threats to the Federation, we will first take out these potential troublemakers.
Suspend Democracy
Democracy will return to the Federation once the crisis has passed and the dust finally settles, but until then we will have no option but to suspend it in order to focus on maintaining the stability of our nation.
Resolving the Cayenne Problem
The problem the Cayenne Agreement presented to our former administrations was that it granted the French territories larger autonomy from the Federal Government that they should have had. If we hope to restore stability once more to our nation, these privileges shall be revoked.
End of the Chaos
With our legal flanks covered, the time has finally come to deal with those who would've threatened our nation. While many will protests the many apprehensions and crackdowns that are going to take place, these are necessary sacrifices for the greater good of our nation.
Restore Democracy
Now that the threat has passed, we will restore the democracy our citizens cherish as the Governor-General promised when he took over.
The New Rule
The Empire can't afford to have any loose ends, and as such, we should protect our people from themselves and maintain the extraordinary executive powers of the Governor-General.
Militarisation
Only through thorough militarisation will our nation be ready to face any foreign threats and protect both our interests as well as those of the Empire and his Majesty.
The Governor's Power
While our Governor has acquired extraordinary executive powers through his takeover, his usage of these powers is far from legally accepted and far from absolute as well. With some changes to our legislation, we could ensure the Governor-General has not only even more executive capabilities, but also the legitimacy to act upon his decisions.
Never Another Cayenne
The Cayenne Agreement was our Achilles' heel for nearly a decade, and could be partially blamed for the instability of our nation. As such, it is in our best interests to integrate the French territories into our core holdings in order to prevent the French from creating a new Cayenne agreement that may weaken us again.
Permanent Stability
While many democrats may not like it, censorship, surveillance and crackdowns have managed to bring back stability to the nation. Provided that the results can't be underestimated, we will push to maintain these stabilising reforms so that stability may never leave our nation again.
Healing Wounds
The fighting has left our populace shattered and distrustful of one another and our government as well. Steps will have to be undertaken for our populace to trust our institutions once more and for the wounds of our country to heal.
Rebuild and Recover
Reconstruction of our islands is in order after the recent strife. Hopefully this will allow further development on our territories as well as improving the trust people have for our administration.
Relying on our Allies
We should not forget that the Federation is full of shortcomings, and as such, we would do well in relying on our allies for assistance in order to recover our strength, and requesting funding from them in order to get our construction projects done could prove to be a decisive factor.
A New Indies
While the recent developments still haunt many parts of our nation, no one can deny that the Federation now looks forward to the future with renewed enthusiasm and a new sense of unity and trust in favour of our government.
A Socialist Revolution
The time has come. Socialists of the West Indies now band together, the agitation and cries of the working class unheard by the governor in Kingston. The revolution must rise up, and bring a new socialist era for the West Indies!
The New Military
The old military of the West Indies was corrupt and weak, bound by the chains of Canada and her Entente. To preserve the revolution in the West Indies, we must be able to fight back! And so, a revolutionary military must be created for the provinces.
The First Trade Unions
Trade unions must be established to better the position of workers. They deserve rights, lower hours, more pay, and above all, freedom! To break the chains, we must utilise the tool of trade unions!
Join the Internationale
Our socialist brethren in Europe may be willing to lend a hand in the West Indian Revolution. We must seek membership in the Third Internationale to protect ourselves against Canada.
Socialist Democracy
The time has come when we have consolidated our power enough. We will start direct democracy in the Union, and the people will choose their new leader.
The Parti Pour l'Autonomie
The Parti Pour l'Autonomie has won the election, and with it, President Lagrosillière will begin his new changes within the West Indies Union.
The People's Liberty
What is socialism without freedom of the people? The people must be prioritised, and their liberty comes first. We will promote their freedom, so that they can freely think and express themselves.
Freedom of the Press
We must acknowledge that there are those who do not wish to see us in power in the West Indies. But, the freedom of the press is still to be respected, and it shall be restored upon the union!
Ending the Workers Strife
The workers have been in strife for too long. They have been shackled and chained, and even fought each other for scraps. No more, we say! No more! For man must not turn against his fellow man, but instead unite against a common enemy!
The People's Party
The People's Party, under Aimé Césaire, has come out of the election victorious. This new socialist government is full of young radicals willing to do anything for socialism, and their promises for the West Indies are great.
Mending the Divide
The divide between the workers and the organised socialists must be ended. For are we not all comrades, brothers? When oppressive overlords go dare to attack us socialists, we must unite and respond with a unified, more powerful voice.
Promoting Trade
From the days of the Spanish, the West Indies has been known for its trade. We must now promote trade with other socialists in the Internationale, and by doing so, help the development of the provinces.
The New Indies Culture
To push for unity of the islands, we must promote a new Indies Culture. It is one of Calypso, of jerk, and of rum. We shall not be individual islands with individual cultures - from now on, we are one!
The Butler Party
Tubal Uriah Butler and his British Citizens' and Workers' Home Rule Party have won the West Indian election. A strong proponent of trade unions, we must see how Butler plans to steer the nation.
Trade Union Dominance
Trade Unions must be made to hold much more power over the government, so that workers may have a say in how their country and their workplaces are run through their unions.
Mechanisation
It is the dream of any worker to be free of work. We will now take a stride in this direction and mechanise our labour. Machines will, eventually, replace workers, and we will be finally be free from the chains that bind us!
Liberate the Workers
The workers are still pushed down and oppressed. Now, we will liberate them, and allow the workers, not the rich, to take their place in the West Indies, as it was always destined to be.
The Naval Situation
While the navy of our nation is nothing to scoff at, it is due to some very needed reforms. However, our Naval high command is undecided on what should the nature of our reforms be, and it's time for the government to weigh in the debate and finally break the stalemate.
To Defend the Crown
The West Indies Federation is, by design, an extension of the British Empire and his majesty. As such, our objective should be to match and, if possible, surpass the Royal Navy's capabilities, so that the Federation may be the spearhead of the Empire!
Readjust the Naval Budget
Considering the lack of dry-docks and dockyards in our nation, producing new ships for our usage is out of the question. As such, our new naval budget will include the overhaul of several of our current ships in order to equip them with stronger hulls that can sustain larger punishment, as well as better engines to improve their manoeuvrability.
Use the Canadian Academy
Due to a lack of Naval Military infrastructure, our best bet to obtain the captains of today and the admirals of tomorrow shall be to utilise the already established Canadian naval infrastructure. In return, we will obtain more capable officers that will be able to adapt more easily to the ever-changing battlefield that is the sea.
The British Doctrine
The Royal Navy has stood as a bulwark of naval ingenuity for several decades, even after the British Revolution. As such, we should seek to learn upon their developments, and try to apply their knowledge to our own navy.
The West Indies Marines
As our nation is mostly comprised of islands, possessing a marine force capable of retaking our home islands in case of invasion and punching a front for our allies in Europe is a priority. As such, we shall begin to train a capable landing force that can make our glorious Empire proud!
Bigger is Better
Our Fleet is comprised of effective yet small vessels, capable mainly of coastal patrol and escort duties, which has been so far suitable for our role in the larger scheme of the Empire and our own self-defence. However, in order to obtain some much needed autonomy to have our own engagements with any the enemy fleet, we will require bigger ships to be able to outgun our foes.
To Defend our Sea
While the idea of the Federation being the spearhead of the Empire's fleet abroad is a tempting idea, the reality is that our current facilities and assets are simply not enough to allow us to pursue this set of reforms. Instead, we shall focus on protecting the home waters of the Federation, that way we can accomplish the duty for which our citizens vote for and keep war away from our shores.
Home Ship Production
We should not rely on the rest of the Empire to do our ship building. After all, they have greater concerns and the protection of our island is obviously a secondary objective for them, but a primary one for us. In order to increase our autonomy from them and be able to protect our home waters without hindering the Royal Navy, we shall kickstart the construction of a shipyard and an expansion of the port of Martinique.
Defending Caribbean Trade
The lifeblood of the Caribbean economy is its trade. If enemy forces were to cut our islands from each other and our Federation from the world as a whole, we would stand no chance of success in the long run. We should focus on preventing such a catastrophe to happen by improving upon our convoy protection tactics.
Study International Design
While the Entente's designs are suitable for the purpose of retaking the home-islands, international designs for coastal defence may prove to be a more vital asset than the High-Seas designs the Entente is currently pursuing. We shall start hiring foreign designers and study foreign ship designs in order to copy and adapt those designs to our particular conditions.
Building our Own Academy
If the Federation ever wishes to become independent from the Royal Navy, we will require a developed naval officer corps. In order to achieve this, we will have to hire officers from different renowned naval academies and set up our own naval academy, which shall train the officers of today and the admirals of tomorrow so that our fleet may remain both independent in its command structure.
Fort Construction Project
While we hope to never have to fight in our own shores, one can never be too careful. Since our islands haven't been prepared to resist attacks since they were colonial possessions, we will have to start a construction project to overhaul our existing but outdated fortification system.
Purchasing Canadian Ships
Since our Naval production is far lower than our overlord's, it may be a better idea to purchase Canadian ships for our protection. After all, our benefit is their benefit in the long run, isn't it?
Jamaican Dockyard Project
Jamaica stands as one of the shining jewels of the Federation, and as such, it would be more than capable of holding dockyards in order to help our navy modernise and expand.
Defending Caribbean Sea
The Caribbean Sea is both our prison and our barrier against invaders. As such, we should seek not only to travel through its crystalline waters, we should above all else seek to rid ourselves from whoever may disturb the peace in the Federation's waters.
Upgrading our Standards
In order to cope with the novelty of our armed forces, we had been forced to lower the average training and drilling standards in order to be able to field a decent force faster. Now that we have long achieved this objective, we can once again increase our recruitment and drilling standards in order to finally catch up with the standards of the rest of the Empire.
Shipments from the [WIF_faction_scriped_loc]
Considering our local arms manufacturing enterprises are insufficient to maintain a steady flow of rifles and supplies for our armed forces, we will have to rely once more on our allies in the [WIF_faction_scriped_loc] in order to supply our standing army!
Beginning of a Proper Army
With our standards up to par with our allies and our forces equipped with the necessary supplies, we can finally begin our reforms in order to bring the Federation's armed forces to new heights.
Use [WIF_faction_scriped_loc] Strategies
As we lack our own army academy, we should focus on taking advantage of the [WIF_faction_scriped_loc] developments in land warfare in order to improve the effectiveness and fighting capability of our army.
[WIF_faction_scriped_loc] Gun Study
The [WIF_faction_scriped_loc] has been at the forefront of gun development for decades now. Instead of trying to come up with our own design, we should try to contact them and use their designs. This way, we can get a reliable base model from which to develop a variation to adapt to our environmental needs.
Requesting Generals
The Federation's high command is terribly understaffed and in dire need of new commanders. We shall request these from our allies in order to have a more competent fighting force with which to help them.
Increasing Military Funding
If our force hopes to be up to par with our allies, we will need to increase our yearly budget in order to keep up our reforms, lest we have our new hard-fought-for standards fall through once more.
Professional Armed Forces
After many reforms, we can finally let the old myth that the Federation's armies were incapable of fighting to rest and step forth into the modern battlefields with a professional fighting force
Establishing a Doctrine
We have so far improved on general areas of our military organisation which has allowed us to be fairly flexible in what kind of doctrine we use. However, if we want to master the battlefield, we will have to choose a doctrine to perfect with which to surpass our enemies.
Compensate with Strategy
In order to compensate the manpower issue our nation would face in the case of war, we have decided to focus on improving our overall strategy and strengthen our High Command.
Ensure Communication
One of the biggest challenges we face as a nation is the fact that our territories are not geographically connected. As such, we will need a sturdy communication system in order to stay on top in the ever changing modern battlefields.
Centralised High Command
If we wish to effectively lead a strategically superior fighting force, we will need to solidify the executive power our High Command has over regional leaders, and as such, the centralisation of our High Command comes as a top priority.
The Next Generation
The backbone of our army won't be the old generals that the Empire has given us, but the new blood that volunteers in the recruitments booths. As such, it is our duty to ensure these patriotic volunteers a special spot in our army.
Increase Funding of the Oak Ridge
We need to increase the funding of our research capabilities to keep up with this ever changing world.
Cooperate with the Navy
The Navy is a powerful force in the Federation, perhaps even stronger than the army itself. Unlike many other countries, we can't afford to have an interservice rivalry, and so we will seek to strengthen the cooperation between the Army and the Navy.
Marine Training
In order to stay on top in whatever war we may find ourselves in, we will need the navy to possess a significant number of standing divisions capable of amphibious landings. While this may be giving the navy too much power, it's bound to help both branches to be more effective in the battlefield.
Naval Bombing
Lacking large ships, our navy stands little chance against larger fleets. A recent proposal from our air commanders has reached our desks and it proposes the development of torpedo bombers capable to support the advances of our fleet. While these tactics have not yet been tested in the modern battlefield, perhaps allowing this proposal to pass may give us an edge the day we face a larger foe?
Compensate with Weapons
We won't win a war by throwing men at the enemies with the manpower we possess, so we may as well rely on having better equipment that can ensure that more of our soldiers can survive the battles that awaits us. A modernisation programme for our army's equipment is preferable over improving our already old army leadership.
Artillery Manufacturing
Very recently, the Federation has given birth to a few steel melting companies willing to produce artillery for us for the right price. While we have yet to give them some concise designs, they have taken the initiative and delivered several units of the British QF-18 Pounder in order to show their production capabilities. We would do well to invest in them if the trial of this artillery proves successful.
Cooperation with the Air Force
The Air Force and the Army have had a close relationship since the birth of the two, and now that they're both independent, it may be a good idea for both to start improving their coordination in order to provide for each other's needs and cover each other's shortcomings in the battlefield.
Anti-Air Setup
Our Air force, while brave and enthusiastic, is small in number and could be overwhelmed by a stubborn foe. Even if we have some of the best pilots, given sufficient enemy aircraft, we will need a backup plan to deal with the planes our pilots can't take down, and as such we will set up anti air batteries across the Federation in order to shoot down any remaining planes that manage to breach through our skies.
A Secured Army
Our army will receive regular reconnaissance support from our air force. That way, the Army can be directly benefit from a better air force, and said air force can finally prove its usefulness in the modern battlefield to those who once doubted it should be an independent organisation.
[WIF_faction_scriped_loc] Plane Request
The Air Force is a relatively new weapon on the modern battlefields. As such, we don't really have a respectable air force of our own. However, our friends in the [WIF_faction_scriped_loc] do, and purchasing their outdated planes may be a good starting point for us to kickstart our own air force!
Airway Project
If the Federation is to have an air force, we will require decent airfields for these to operate effectively. As such, we should divert our funding to an Airway construction project so that we actually possess the infrastructure to project a significant amount of aerial power.
Establishing the Air Force
So far, our attempts to form an air force so far had envisioned it as a branch of the Army, always serving as a subservient entity of it. With our recent reforms to our air force, we're finally able to inaugurate it as a separate and independent branch of our armed forces. Today is a great day for the Federation!
Control our Skies
While the battle for the control of the Caribbean sea may be vital for our survival, so will be the control of the skies above it. If our foes were to overwhelm us in the air, our fleet will not stand a chance. On the other hand, if we manage to overwhelm our opponent, maybe our small but brave navy may yet stand a chance against larger fleets.
Heavier Fighters
The distances involved in patrolling the Caribbean mean that the usage of short-range fighters may prove to be fatal in case of a war. Instead, we should focus on innovating in the air department and begin designing and constructing heavy fighter models, which by sacrificing agility for range and firepower will be able to protect the skies of our Federation as a whole.
Air to Ground Support
Combined Arms tactics are still in their infancy, yet they are showing great promise in the battlefields across the globe. As such, our air force shouldn't lag behind this worldwide developments, and we should start preparing to produce our own homemade support planes in preparation for the wars to come.
Closer Ties
By closing the ties between the army and the air force, we will be able to improve upon our doctrine for both service branches.
Young Generation of Pilots
As our newly-born air force is staffed full with young and ambitious pilots, their spirit pushes us for new doctrinal breakthroughs to keep up with their enthusiasm. As these new and young pilots continue performing beyond our expectations, our officers should not lag behind their subordinates and should exceed expectations as well.
Women Pilots
It is not only men that have signed up for our air force, but also many women, who unfortunately were refused due to our male only policy. However, there may yet be a place where these women can help our nation, and as such we should lift the restrictions so that these brave airwomen can still serve our country, even if it is in auxiliary roles.
Increase the Air Budget
As our air force grows in airmen, so does our need for capable engineers and repairmen, as well as better equipment and spare parts for our planes. If we hope to keep up with our current pace of development, we will need to divert funding into our air force so that it may achieve its full potential.
Reaching all Skies
While many countries focus on more agile models, our focus shall be in speed and range, which shall be vital to provide an aerial safety net for our Federation. As such, we shall encourage the design of new heavy fighter models to improve upon our already existing designs.
Depression Woes
The Depression has caused the Federation's economy to crawl for more than half a decade. While we have managed to make some improvements over time, the time has come to finally put this economic downturn to rest and start growing as a nation.
Fixing the Economy
Many issues plague the Federation's economy after Black Monday, and we will have to invest heavily on overall improvements across the board to even begin any pretence of reform in the near future.
Attempt to Sell Sugar
Sugar has been one of the Caribbean's main exports ever since the colonial times, and it still plays a large role in our economy. If we wish to improve our economy, we will need to find a way to get our collected sugar out of the Federation in order to keep our plantations going.
Trinidad Oil Profit
Trinidad has shown promise in the recent geological analysis, which indicated that the island possesses worthwhile oil deposits. With the recent economic downturn, maybe exploiting these oil deposits will have long lasting effects in our economy and allow us to recover faster.
Birthing a Tourism Industry
Tourism has shown to be a promising enterprise on a few of our islands, and encouraging tourism to our wonderful Caribbean paradise may help us overcome our economic woes. After all, no one can deny the Caribbean is a great location for people to spend their holidays in, and if that brings us profit, then we only stand to win from it!
Tapping into American Markets
America could prove to be the most important trade partner of the West Indies Federation, perhaps an even closer partner than our friends in the Entente. Since the American market is so big and profitable, tapping into it might be a game changer for our nation and it will allow us to recover from our economic woes a lot faster than if we just focused on our tried and true trade partners.
Trade Profit
Trade has increased significantly since Black Monday, and it has allowed us an extra kickback to reinvest in the rest of our economy, which helps us improve our overall economic situation, albeit only slightly. At this rate however, we will soon be free from the effects of the Depression!
The Moyne Report
The Moyne Commission, chosen to evaluate the labour conditions in the Federation after the recent labour unrest, have finally arrived in our nation and is assessing the living and working standards across the islands in order to provide a comprehensive and decisive answer that we can implement to prevent any more unnecessary unrest in our nation.
Obtaining Funding
In order to implement the Moyne Report's suggestions, we will require further funding. Given our recent economic downturn, we shall have to request this funding from His Majesty's Government in Canada.
A Proper Family Structure
The Moyne Commission has deemed that the lack of a proper family structure is responsible for the poverty, high rates of child mortality, venereal disease and general ill health that plagues the Federation, and as such, the adoption of the nuclear family system shall improve the overall situation of our nation.
An Education System
The education system in the Federation is laughably outdated and terribly inconsistent between our islands. We will have to invest heavily in order to standardise our education system if we hope to have any chance of avoiding complete intellectual shortages.
Improving Health Standards
Health standards across the Federation are deplorable, and it's no wonder that in these conditions many workers and farmers quickly joined the ranks of radicals in order to demand a better livelihood. If we hope to save face when the Report finally releases to the general public, we will have to, at least, have begun efforts to improve the livelihood of these people.
Status of Plantation Conditions
A final look on the working conditions of the Plantations across the Federation may prove to be a deciding factor for our future policy towards them, as they form a huge part of our economy.
Ending the Depression
After nearly a decade of damage, we can finally get rid of the last effects of the Great Depression that affected our economy. We can finally start making our young nation grow strong!
Trinidad Oil Production
With our experiments in fossil fuels in Trinidad being successful, we should now invest in expanding these oil fields so that our yields may be greater, as well as our profits.
Tourism Monopolies
While many travel agencies across the globe offer their services for passengers to come to our great nation, it falls to us to give these agencies the permits necessary for their activities to be profitable. Instead of allowing foreign companies to take all our profits, we could create our own agencies and slowly begin favouring them over the foreign competition, which shall in turn increase our profits.
Deepen the Bauxite Mines
Aluminium has proven to be an extremely profitable endeavour in our continental possessions, and with the need for light airframes increasing in both our allies and trade partners, offering even more Aluminium may prove to yield even greater benefits to our economy for the near future.
Social Programmes
The great social inequality in the Federation, as proven by the Moyne Report, has become more than unacceptable. We shall begin a series of Social Programmes focused on our people's welfare that shall ensure that every man and woman of the Federation stands protected from economic hardship from now on.
University of the West Indies
The lack of an autochthonous university for our nation has led many of our bright scientists and cunning researchers to leave to overseas. In order to prevent this Brain Drain from continuing, we shall found the University of the West Indies in Jamaica with the help of the other members of the Federation who, in turn, shall receive special benefits for their students to come and study in Kingston.
Agriculture Focus
Now that we have a decent budget to speak off, encouraging the growth of our agricultural output would be ideal, and investments in this area shall prove to be vital for the prosperity of our nation in the years to come.
Modern Farming
While we acknowledge the importance of agriculture, little steps have been taken to bring it up to date in the face of modern developments like the tractor. If we wish to improve our output and reduce our costs, then subsidising the importation of this machinery for our farmers is a priority for the Federation's government.
Industry for the People
While the industry of the Federation is quite small, it has the potential to continue growing and currently provides employment to many people in the cities who would otherwise be out of work. For them, and for our own benefit, we shall take efforts to invest in new factories for our country.
Focus on the Smaller Islands
Jamaica, Trinidad and the Guyanas are highly profitable. Smaller territories, like Barbados and Martinique, feel more like a burden by comparison. As such, it is a priority for our government to make these islands more profitable, and an easy way to achieve this is to build new factories on these islands so that they may have a tangible economic production outside of small scale tourism and agriculture.
Education for the Poor
As an extension of our social programmes, we will begin a campaign to eradicate illiteracy in our nation as well as investing in subsidies for our citizens to be able to reach higher education. While this may put us at odds with the Empire by spending part of their earnings on these programmes, it will greatly diminish the Socialists' legitimacy.
The West Indies Railway
While the usefulness of a railway is greatly reduced by the fact our territory is not connected through land routes, that doesn't mean we can't use train tracks on the individual islands to improve the transportation of goods around our territory. As such, the foundation of a new railway company within our nation is imperative for improving our earnings.
A Caribbean Economy
Given our geographical limitations, we have to accept that our country won't ever be as economically powerful as other nations like Germany or Canada. That doesn't mean however that our nation can't be prosperous, and as our reforms finally start making a tangible effect in our economy, we are slowly entering a small but welcomed stage of economic growth.
Heavy Industry
Heavy Industry will be vital for our war efforts in the future, and as such, we should focus on kickstarting the construction of weapons' factories in our nation.
Developing the Navy
A strong navy is vital for the survival of our nation in case of a foreign invasion. As such, investments in new dockyards and ports in our territories are imperative for our government.
The War Effort
With the ongoing war, we find ourselves in a slight shortage of supplies and equipment for our men in the front line, and as such it is a priority for our government to invest in new factories to produce the equipment our men sorely need at the front.
West Indies
West Indian
the West Indies
West Indies Union
the West Indies Union
West Indies Union
the West Indies Union
West Indies Union
the West Indies Union
West Indies Federation
the West Indies Federation
West Indies Federation
the West Indies Federation
West Indies Federation
the West Indies Federation
West Indies Federation
the West Indies Federation
West Indies Federation
the West Indies Federation
West Indies Federation
the West Indies Federation
Caribbean State
Caribbean
the Caribbean State
West Indies Union
the West Indies Union
West Indies Union
the West Indies Union
West Indies Union
the West Indies Union
West Indies Confederation
the West Indies Confederation
West Indies Confederation
the West Indies Confederation
West Indies Confederation
the West Indies Confederation
West Indies Confederation
the West Indies Confederation
West Indies Confederation
the West Indies Confederation
West Indies Confederation
the West Indies Confederation
Caribbean State
Caribbean
the Caribbean State
Joseph Gothon-Lunion
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 10th, 1895, in Gossier, Colony of Guadeloupe, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMost of the western world first learned Joseph Gothon-Lunion's name when a photograph was published in French and British magazines in 1927, showing him sitting crossed legged and grinning in the British Coronation Chair. This striking image of a black man seated atop a symbol of the British Empire was accompanied by declarations such as \
Tubal Uriah Butler
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1897, in St. George's, Grenada, British Windward Islands§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTubal Uriah 'Buzz' Butler is a Grenadian Spiritual Baptist teacher in Trinidad and Tobago. Born in Grenada, Butler was unable to find work after completing his primary school education at the Anglican School, and chose to join the British West Indies Regiment when he was 17, fighting for the United Kingdom in the Weltkrieg and stationed in Egypt.\n\nAfter returning home in 1918, he became active politically, being influential in the establishment of the Grenada Representative Government Movement and the Grenada Union of Returned Soldiers.\n\nIn 1921, he moved to Trinidad, where he was exposed to the political thought of Marcus Garvey. He came to prominence in 1935, when he led a Hunger March in Port of Spain, and became an incredibly influential figure in West Indian socialism. Now, he leads the British Citizens' and Workers Home Rule Party and hopes to elevate the position of trade unions.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1897, in St. George's, Grenada, British Windward Islands§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBeyond championing his enthusiastic political activism throughout the Caribbean, Butler also enjoys de-facto command over the socialist movement's more militant actions. His experience as a veteran of the Great War, serving with the West Indies Regiment in Egypt, as well as his many brawls and skirmishes with colonial authorities in Trinidad and Grenada hardened him as well as tough him the basics of strategy, tactics and warfare. Although Butler is more accustomed to the garrison duty he did in Egypt and rallying militias in the Trinidad oil fields, he's slowly but surely been able to adapt his military cunning to wage a larger scale of guerrilla warfare against the British and French overlords.§!\n\n§YNotes: Lacks a lot of knowledge about military strategy, but has the charisma and willpower to command his soldiers Has been battle hardened from his time in the Great War and fighting colonial troops in Trinidad, as such he's more than willing to go into battle alongside his men.§!
Aimé Césaire
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1913, in Basse-Pointe, Martinique, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrom an early age, Aimé was greatly inspired by his grandfather Fernand Césaire who had been the first black teacher in the French colony who passed down a great deal of literary and scholarly aptitude to his grandson. After working his way through high school, Aimé Césaire journeyed to the Commune of France in 1931, disgusted with the colonial system of the West Indies and seeking to pursue the kind of higher education he had been unable to attain on his home island. During his sojourn at the Sorbonne University, he joining with a cadre of other black students, eventually founding a newspaper dubbed 
Joseph Lagrosillière
A very active French politician, Lagrosillière founded the Socialist Federation of Martinique (a branch of the SFIO on the island), and its newspaper Le Prolétaire.\n\nLagrosillière broke with the Parisian socialists in 1913, however, as they did not support the assimilation of colonies. Lagrosillière is a strong proponent of turning colonies into Departments, and the Federation of Martinique, without Lagrosillière, fell apart. It was revived in 1924 as the Second Federation. However, Lagrosillière continued his socialist advocacy in the Caribbean, continuing to become a politician in the West Indies Federation after the Weltkrieg.\n\nIn 1919, he made an electoral alliance with Fernand Clerc, a Béké industrialist on the island, which alienated him from his old socialist allies that criticised his 'alliance with capitalists'. He was arrested in 1925 for inciting trouble and violence, and again in 1931 for influence peddling.
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 2nd, 1872, in Sainte-Marie, Martinique, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$WIF_joseph_lagrosilliere_desc_body$\n\nNow, Lagrosillière leads the PA and the West Indies into a new era of social democracy.§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 2nd, 1872, in Sainte-Marie, Martinique, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$WIF_joseph_lagrosilliere_desc_body$§!
Grantley Herbert Adams
§YBorn:§! §LApril 28th, 1898, in Saint Michael, Colony of Barbados§!
Norman Manley
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 4th, 1893, in Roxborough, Colony of Jamaica§!
Victor Sévère
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 1st, 1867, in Case-Pilote, Martinique, French Republic§!
Joseph Trounsell Gilbert
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 30th, 1888, in Paget Parish, Bermuda§!
Solomon Hochoy
§YBorn:§! §LApril 20th, 1905, in the Colony of Jamaica§!
Georges Robert
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1875, in Courseulles-sur-Mer, Calvados, French Republic§!
Joel Augustus Rogers
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1880, in Negril, Colony of Jamaica§!
Eustace Fiennes
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 29th, 1864, in Reading, Berkshire, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSir Eustace Edward Twisleton-Wykeham-Fiennes was given the title of Governor-General of the West Indies Federation on June 26th of 1925. Having previous experience with war, governorship of the West Indies, and politics within the United Kingdom itself, he's known for not being silent on his political opinions regarding the Federation. Some rumours have flown by stating that he plans on intervening in politics himself if the 1937 election gets out of control, but no substantial proof of these rumours has been supplied yet.§!
Gordon James Lethem
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1886, in Leith, Edinburghshire, Scotland§!
Arthur Andrew Cipriani
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1875, in Port of Spain, Trinidad§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a white family with French-Corsican ancestry, Cipriani grew up among the detached colonial elite and at the outbreak of the Great War worked to recruit Afro-Caribbeans and Indi-Caribbeans into the West Indies Regiment. He was later made a captain of the regiment, accompanying it to the European front lines where he grew rapidly impressed with how capable the dark skinned soldiers were. He later attributed his comradeship with his men as the turning point which made him embrace the idea that the people of the Caribbean should be given self governance. After returning back to Trinidad he began to live and work among the colony's dark skinned workers, building up a network of labour unions and popularity among citizens from all ethnic backgrounds and works of life. His military experience and knowledge of the inner workings of British Colonialism became incredibly helpful to the Caribbean socialists on the outbreak of their revolution, with Cipriani being accepted as one of the revolution's founding fathers, among men like Tubal Uriah Butler.§!\n\n§YNotes: In 1923 he served as President of the Trinidad Worker's Association, later rechristened to the Trinidad Labour Party. After his foray into politics he was repeatedly been elected Mayor of Port of Spain, much to the frustration of the West Indies Federation's authorities.§!
Alexander Bustamante
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 24th, 1884, in Hanover Parish, Colony of Jamaica§!
Hubert Nathaniel Critchlow
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 18th, 1884, in Georgetown, British Guiana§!
Anton de Kom
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 22nd, 1898, in Paramaribo, Colony of Surinam§!
Archibald Currie
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1888, in Beneden-Cottica, Colony of Surinam§!
Hégésippe Jean Légitimus
§YBorn:§! §LApril 8th, 1868, in Pointe-à-Pitre, Guadeloupe, French Empire§!
Osmond Theodore Fairclough
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 28th, 1904, in Bethel Town, Colony of Jamaica§!
Henry Lémery
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 9th, 1874, in Saint-Pierre, Martinique, French Republic§!
Gaston Monnerville
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 2nd, 1897, in Cayenne, Guyane, French Republic§!
Edward Brandis Denham
§YBorn:§! §L1876, in Bristol, England§!
Charles Dundas
§YBorn:§! §LJune 6th, 1884, in Stettin, Province of Pomerania, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Élie Bloncourt
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1896, in Basse-Terre, Guadeloupe, French Republic§!
Gerty Archimède
§YBorn:§! §LApril 26th, 1909, in Morne-a-l'Eau, Guadeloupe, French Republic§!
Gilbert Cooper
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 31st, 1903, in Pembroke Parish, Bermuda§!
Ralph Grey
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1910, in Wellington, Dominion of New Zealand§!
Yva Léro
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 4th, 1912, in La Trinité, Martinique, French Republic§!
René Ménil
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 15th, 1907, in Gros-Morne, Martinique, French Republic§!
Henry Tucker
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 14th, 1903, in Bermuda§!
Edgar Fitzgerald Gordon
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 20th, 1895, in Port of Spain, Colony of Trinidad and Tobago§!
Reginald Conyers
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 3rd, 1879, in Pemrbroke Parish, Bermuda§!
Thomas Cubitt
§YBorn:§! §LApril 9th, 1871, in Great Yarmouth, Norfolk, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCubbit is a well known Great War veteran, joining the Royal Artillery in 1891, then becoming Deputy Commissioner of Somaliland right before the Great War, fighting against the Dervish State. After the outbreak, he remained in Somaliland desperately trying to crush the Somalian uprising but failed in most of them besides the destruction of many forts. Requesting to be moved to the front-line in 1916, he commanded the Lincolnshire Regiment and 57th Brigade. He took command of 38th Welsh Infantry Division. Following the surrender of France, he was sent to many places across the world to continue the fight, until the signing of the Treaty of Hanover in 1919, earning the Order of the Bath, Order of St Michael and St George, and the Distinguished Service Order by the end of the chaos. Initially serving in India post-war, he moved to Canada following the collapse of the empire. Now 65 years old and very sickly, his position as Governor of Bermuda is more of a retirement position then anything, as the Great War hero has saw much of his passion for fighting leaving the old man years ago.§!\n\n§YNotes: Governor of Bermuda. Growing increasingly disinterested in military matters, causing him to not want to innovate in his ways. 65 years old and preparing for retirement.§!
Reginald Hildyard
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 11th, 1876, in Frimley, Surrey, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSir Reginald John Thoroton Hildyard is the son of General Sir Henry Hildyard, and joined the British Army in 1896. Serving in the Second Boer War from 1899-1902, earning the Queen's Medal with four clasps and the King's Medal with two clasps. He served in many odd jobs in South Africa for the army, rising up the ranks partially due to his family's influence in the army. Once the Great War began, he was known for trying to communicate as much as possible with the high command, earning further promotions during and after the war. Serving in the Canadian army as a general starting in 1933, he has been put as governor of Bermuda in March of 1936, already managing to gain massive influence in the army trying to put his values into its formation.§!\n\n§YNotes: Became governor of Bermuda following the retirement of Thomas Cubbit. Unlike his predecessor, he is still highly interested in military matters and how he can assist the West Indies army grow.§!
Geoffrey Archer
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 4th, 1882, in Kensington, London, England§!
Bede Clifford
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 3rd, 1890, in the Colony of New Zealand§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSir Bede Edmund Hugh Clifford is a New Zealand born general, diplomat, and colonial administrator. His family is the Baron Cliffords of Chudleigh, a peerage within England itself. As such, one of his more hidden ambitions is to reclaim 'his land' for his family and father, William Hugh Clifford, 10th Baron Clifford of Chudleigh. Also before this serving as a merchant navy officer and a surveyor, he became an Army Captain during the Great War earning the Order of St Michael and St George, Order of the Bath, and the Royal Victorian Order. He is currently serving as the Governor of Trinidad and Tobago and is generally liked by the people there, despite it being one of the hot places of labour unrest.§!\n\n§YNotes: Governor of Trinidad & Tobago. Experienced in governorship serving in the Bahamas before Trinidad, he is liked by the people there personally despite the labour unrest.. Hesistant to put down protests using the power at his disposal through force.§!
Félix Éboué
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 26th, 1884, in Cayenne, Guyane, Frecnh Republic§!
Ralph Leatham
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 3rd, 1888, in Hemsworth, West Yorkshire, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSir Ralph Leatham was born in Hemsworth, West Yorkshire, joining the royal navy in 1900. Serving on multiple ships during the Great War such as the HMS Yarmouth and HMS Valiant. He managed to earn the Order of the Bath for his service in the navy, but his glory would not last for long. Following the British Revolution, he was initially forced to move to Canada continuing to serve in the Royal Navy until he got offered to serve in the West Indies in 1929, which he accepted. He is currently Chief of Staff to the Commander in-Chief of the West Indies Station to Andrew Cunningham. Serving as governor of Grenada, the peoples opinions of him being neutral at best as he seems much more focused on his naval responsibilities then his governing.§!\n\n§YNotes: Governor of Grenada. Known for being more focused on the admiralty then the governorship of Grenada, resulting in a rather low approval rating on the island. Chief of Staff to the Commander in-Chief Andrew Cunningham. Proponent of having a large navy to help re-secure Britain and defend the West Indies as a strategic stronghold.§!
Andrew Cunningham
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 7th, 1883, in Dublin, Ireland§!
Denis Bernard
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 22nd, 1882, in London, England§!
Alban Curteis
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 13th, 1887, in Sevenoaks, Kent, England§!
Charles Kennedy-Purvis
§YBorn:§! §LMay 2nd, 1884, in Clifton, Bristol, England§!
Arthur Rowe Spurling
§YBorn:§! §LMay 19th, 1896, in Hamilton, Bermuda§!
Cecil Montgomery-Moore
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 1st, 1889, in Chicopee, Massachusetts, United States of America§!
Federation Defence Forces
§YFounded:§! §LJune 23rd, 1925, in Kingston, Jamaica, West Indies Federation§!
