Chile Focus Tree
Chile
Chilean
Chile
H-Class Submarines
Counterrevolution in Chile
Aerial Production
With help from experienced foreigners, we will modernise our air force up to modern standards
Tank Production Effort
Producing tanks at home is an expensive endeavour, and we make sure our efforts are not wasted. Foreign experts have arrived and our factories are ready
The strict discipline of the Chilean military meant our nation was virtually undefeated since its birth, with no doubt thanks to army professionalism and our brave spirit
Strict Discipline Standards
The strict discipline of the Chilean military meant our nation was virtually undefeated since its birth, with no doubt thanks to army professionalism and our brave spirit
Full Prussian Ethos
Soldiers of the Homefront
What our nation lacks in numbers, it pays off in spirit; by doing away with conservative values and making use of our full population, not just half of it, we can ensure both an advance for women's rights and a substantial strategic asset
Mapuches Revolt
The Mapuches continue to attack us with low level guerrilla warfare, it will take some time to be rid of them
Private Enterprise Restored
Our early efforts to privatise enterprises are paying off
Restored Private Land Ownership
Restoring land ownership has allowed our government to access more resources because of better organisation
Democratic Institutions
These institutions strengthen our ability to pass laws and pave the way for the transition to a democratic government
Strengthened Institutions
Our nation now has a thriving democratic spirit thanks to our expansion of the democratic institutions
Capitalist Economics
Refocusing our economy lets us spend less on social programmes and more on state construction efforts
Reinstated Taxation
New taxation means our nation can funnel more funds into production and construction
Deregulated Currency
Our new currency and market economy lets us put even more emphasis on construction efforts
Youth Recovery Plan
Encouraging the traditions of our nations military and setting up state funded youth programmes has given us an influx of new young adults as recruits
Deregulated Markets
The recent restoration of the free market allows us to control the flow of resources leaving our country while still turning a profit
Laissez-Faire Markets
Expanded foreign trade has allowed us to profit even more favourably with our policy of Laissez-Faire
Nationalist Education Programme
Our focus on educating the youth of the nation is providing us with more military recruits and skilled scientists
Chilean National Identity
Promoting our national heritage gives us more political clout and inspires the people to fight harder for their land
Chilean National Pride
Our Government has emphasised that all people of Chile should be proud to be Chilean, with significant support from the population
Hispanist Policy
Our nation is stirring up support for hispanism among the local populace
Hispanism Dominance
Chile will be the nation to reclaim the lost glory of the Spanish Empire!
Natural Order
Our Nation must show strength through its military prowess and number to maintain order
Home of South American Syndicalism
Ever since the original revolution in 1931, Santiago remains the centre of syndicalism in South America. Many of the people are willing to die defending their ideology against the reactionaries that surround us.
EFE
Universidad de Chile
COVENSA
FAMAE
FAMAE - Artillery Section
FAMAE - Tank Section
Ford Chile
Arsenales de Marina
Maestranza Central de Aviación
Linea Aérea Nacional
CORFO
Somua Chile
Morane Saulnier Chile
PC-PSC
Pacto de Calais
APL
Alianza Popular Libertadora
AR
Acción Republicana
PRR
Partido Republicano Radical
COCEAT
Comité de Oficiales Contra El Ateismo y Traidores
PL
Partido Liberal
PR
Partido Radical
ASN-PSC
Alianza Socialista Nacional
PSC
Partido Sindicalista Chileno
PRP-PSC
Partido Revolucionario Permanente
Update Air Force Philosophy
Our air doctrines are still a relic of the time of early aviation, and what was once cutting edge now belongs in a museum. Our pilots and planning will be updated accordingly.
Aerial Production
The sudden cut of funding for the air force is perhaps a key factor why it joined us in the Revolution; now we should take the utmost care to ensure that our airplanes are both modern and well cared for. Thankfully, we have comrades from the Union of Britain who can me most helpful in this endeavour.
Fighter Effort
Close Air Support Craft
Long Range Aircraft Experiments
Aerial supremacy is key in modern war, of that few can doubt; But the advent of new mechanisms of war means that our old biplanes are not suitable for defending the skies of Chile anymore.
Air superiority could be meaningless if we cannot capitalise in help for our troops on the frontlines; not only special aircraft is required, but specific training too.
Our country is, from an strategic standpoint, too long in a North-South axis to be properly protected by common fighter craft. We must ensure, with the help of our comrades in Europe, that our Air Force has planes capable of long autonomous flights.
Aerial Strategy
The engagements themselves are also to be analysed, and our few planes cannot be foolishly thrown away. Careful studying and manoeuvres will be key in our coming victory.
Aerial engagements are quick and brutal affairs; and it pays to plan for them and strategic missions beforehand. What will be the focus of our air force in the war to come, our general staff must decide.
Aerial Tactics
Bomber Effort
The role of a bomber craft is somewhat new, but its uses were made apparent many times. In order to make sure we can defend the fatherland, our Weltkrieg era models will have to be replaced.
Modern Bomber Craft
Not only as to make Bombers an active, modernise part of our air force, but to also make sure they are up to date, we will continue investing on different, role based Bomber Craft!
Sovereign of the Pacific
Our fleet, with its recent additions and investments in the term of Chairman Puga, is perhaps the most powerful in South America; it is most certainly the most well armed fighting force of the South Pacific, and well capable of both defensive and offensive operations.
A High Seas Navy
The decisive battles of the wars to come will be fought on deep waters, away from coastal support. In order to make sure our navy is ready for this crucial engagement against a certain undisclosed enemy to the West, we will make drills, exercises and planning efforts.
Fleet Renewal
Our fleet, while well armed and well supplied, has many second hand or outdated vessels; If we are to modernise it, we must spare no expense in dockyards, shipyards and weapon systems.
Aircraft Carrier Effort
Many experts believe in the importance of Aircraft carriers in a naval engagement; this is especially true in our republic, given how a great many influential staff members have an air force background. While monumentally expensive, a modern aircraft carrier might mean the difference between victory and defeat.
Naval Strike Aircraft
Naval Aircraft has always been a key factor of national defence; most of our important military centres are within range of naval artillery. It's a matter of the utmost importance to ensure we can defend our coastline from foreign aggression.
Cruiser Breakthroughs
Cruisers are a mainstay of our navy, but they are all of outdated models and specifications, despite our build-up efforts. Technological improvements are in order.
Additional Shipyard Investments
A powerful navy cannot be maintained by relying on foreign shipyards. Our docks will be upgraded to modern standards, with some help from our Comrades from Europe.
Commission More Battleships
The Almirante Latorre class battleship is a fine vessel, but one that shows its age, even with the small upgrades we outfitted. We will likely require a new flagship to ensure our national security.
Blue Water Navy
Even more emphasis on Deep Water tactics, doctrines and manoeuvres will be required if our navy is to have against chance against its enemies. Practice makes perfect.
Submarine Ventures
Our current submarine fleet is small and outdated, and thus we require more recent, well armed models to keep imperialist navies at their toes.
Anti Submarine Effort
Our efforts to hunt down enemy submarines may end fruitless if our smaller ships are not modern enough, putting both our flagships and our shipping lanes at risk. We must not allow that to happen.
Commerce Raiders
Even if our navy is among the most powerful of the South, imperialist forces from Germany, the United States and Argentina could possibly make us have to rely on asymmetrical naval warfare, in order to compensate for our lack of tonnage and manpower.
A Nation Under Siege
The biggest danger to Chile is not internal, but that of the resurrecting counter-revolutionary Argentina. They do little to hide their ambitions on our territory since the birth of their nation in the 1800s, and now, emboldened by Brazilian incompetence, wish to see Chile conquered. We will not let happen!
Mobility Potential
Many have heard ideas and plans about how modern warfare will be a fast-paced, mechanised affair; even if that may not turn out to be the case, we do not have the manpower to engage in traditional war with Argentina and the other imperialists. We will do our best to improve the mobility of our forces.
Foreign Armour Expertise
Mobility has always been of great import on the battlefield. With developments in motorisation and mechanisation, a new generation of officers the world over have begun to promote more aggressive styles of warfare utilising those new technologies. We should hire such men from abroad.
Tank Effort
Our military requires not only tanks, but tanks that are modern, autonomous and can deal with the harsh terrain of our homeland. Advanced war machinery may mean the difference between victory and defeat.
Tank Production Effort
We cannot mechanise our forces properly with simple imports; we must ensure our factories can supply our armed forces by themselves, for we cannot depend on other nations on such vital matters.
Army Rearmament
While the army is not underpaid or underfed as it used to be before the Revolution, it is still poorly equipped. Let us attend to the needs of our officers and ensure our Army can fight off any threats.
Ordnance Updates
Our artillery is in dire need of renewal; the battlefields of the Weltkrieg standing as witnesses. Only with newer models we can stand a chance against the Aggressor to the West.
Modern Military Equipment
Despite our efforts, the equipment in our military is not entirely up to modern standards. Our officers will require more spending and attention from our government, but the vanguard of the revolution deserves only the best!
Firepower Effort
We indeed require more accurate, well armed artillery pieces if we are to ensure the survival of our nation. Now, specialised guns, we will be able to rain fire upon the enemy!
High Command Reforms
Our military high command is in need of a shake-up, and the counter-revolutionaries will not wait for our tactics and strategies to update before attacking us!
Mountaineer Brigade Expansion
The Mountains that surround us are an integral part of any national defence plan in case of invasion. Passes, peaks and hillsides must not be garrisoned with fresh recruits, but with elite specially trained regiments who are ready for the harsh reality of mountain life.
Andean Strategy
The so-called Santiago Line will be the last stand of our nation, if Argentina overpowers us and crossed the Andes. The rough terrain near and around Santiago will be made impenetrable to foreign invaders, which will allow us to resist even the harshest numerical disadvantage.
Long Term Planning
Not only battles and combat engagements are important, but the very movement and organisation of both our forces and that of our enemies will be thoroughly studied, and prepare our general staff for the challenge of the coming War of Imperialism.
Economic Development
To be effective in wartime, we must invest in the economy. Further industrialisation will be extremely beneficial to our country.
Offensive Doctrine
We will ensure our forces and general staff are ready to go on the offensive against our enemies. Regimental pride can only go so far, strategy and planning will ensure our final victory!
Renew Strict Drill Standards
Chile's military was once known as the 'South Prussia', and its performance and discipline were the envy of all. Now, with its role as the vanguard of the people fulfilled, it can turn its gaze upon those would hurt our countrymen, and the ideas we stand for.
The Third Chairman
After Marmaduke Grove's defence focused term ends, who will become the Third Chairman?
Labarca and the Totalist Faction
Labarca and the Mosleyists know that only a strong government can keep Chile safe against its many enemies. The people now are safe!
Permanent Revolution Doctrine
Something that Labarcists defend, the idea that the Revolution can only be maintained by force, for reactionary elements cannot be reasoned or bargained with. The Proletarian Dictatorship will be permanent until it's no longer necessary.
Centralised Planning
All decisions about he economic and state well being must be consulted with Central Committees in Santiago. To do otherwise would be clumsy at best, treason at worst.
Extend Chairman's Powers
The Chairman still requires approval from the Syndicalist Congress for many actions, something that greatly cripples the capacity of our state to react. We must change this!
Revolutionary Commissars
Now, we can have appointed officers in army units and factories, ensuring both loyalty and hard work at all times, for an idle mind is an invitation to counter-revolution.
Industrial Quotas
Each factory, mine and commune will have goals to reach, lest all of Chile will fall. We will ensure those Quotas are met.
Reward Loyal Totalists
The men and women who helped us from the start, when our forces were weak; those will be the loyal few who will lead the vanguard party!
A Totalist Government
Totalism implies total loyalty, and total devotion to the revolutionary ideals we hold on to so dearly, no matter the cost. 'Moderates' have no place anywhere near serious decision making.
Ensure Officer Loyalty
Many officers are still traditionalist and archaic, who might as well be theocrats with their sad devotion to ancient religions. But their priests did not grant them clairvoyance to conjure up an escape from the Revolutionary Courts!
Dealing with Traitors
Some individuals still cling to counter-revolutionary ideals, and would never let them go. There is a place where they can keep said ideas: The Easter Island. Of course, bad things always happen in such long trips...
Direct Rule From Santiago
The revolution is now Total, and we can share the benefits of our long and arduous efforts. Comrade Labarca and his fellow heroes are to be praised to bring light to darkness!
Strengthen the Republic
Our revolution spent too much time worrying about threats and plots, and forgot about the common worker for whom it was supposed to fight for. This will change now!
Cement Authority of Congress
The Congress of Syndicates is still somewhat unknown by the workers; many just call it Senate out of habit. We will ensure that its members, decisions and achievements are well know by the populace.
Extend CSC Powers
The Congress of Syndicates is now a true house of democracy, unlike the parliament of the Old Republic. However, it is still quite powerless in many matters, a relic of our over-centralising presidentialist past. We must remedy this!
Autonomous Councils
The local councils of workers will now be more autonomous from Santiago, while still respecting the directives of our comrades in the capital; such balance will bring harmony to both sides of the issue.
Extended Local Autonomy
Local Communes know best what to do with their citizens, and we will allow them to choose priorities and investments accordingly.
Conciliation Efforts
Any political debate creates hostilities, and a revolution is even worse in that regard. Many qualified comrades are being discriminated against for ill informed opinions they held years ago, and that is nothing but damaging to the well being of the Republic.
Tackle Unemployment
Many in Chile's cities are not fully contributing to society, for the lack of industries is still a problem we must address as soon as possible.
Industrial Prosperity
With the reworking of the government and armed forces done, our nation can finally taste true peace and prosperity!
Workers of the Homefront
Now that so many good men are on the frontlines, our factories lack manpower to keep running. It is time we do away with conservative ideals and ensure the Women of Chile do their part.
Extensive Military Industrial Expansion
We will ensure that our comrades in the front are equipped and thus able to perform their duty on the field of battle.
Expand Arsenals
We must prepare with all our might for the coming storm of counter-revolution, even if that comes with violent struggle.
Joint Projects
Many of our academics will be sent to France and Europe, in order to aid both Chile and the World Revolution at large!
Heavy Education Reform
Our Education system is flawed in many aspects, but chiefly in its gross lack of funding and state efforts to help it. That will change now.
Advanced Technology Exchange
Our scientists partaking in studies in Europe have brought us advanced ideas and designs that may be vital for the safety tof the revolution!
Military Science
Our schools must, sadly enough, focus on the defence of the revolution more than in theoretical issues and questions, for the time being. All Chile will heed the call!
Counter-Revolution
After the fall of the Syndicalist government, we must first set up the basics of our new government.
Provisional Junta
Blanche's Junta has taken control and needs to smoothly transition to fully controlling the government of Chile.
Restoring Order
With our Junta securely in control of the former syndicalist institutions we must first placate the population and attain a semblance of order in Chile.
Restoring Private Enterprises
To truly transition away from syndicalism we must restore private ownership, starting with important businesses.
Restoring Mining Industry
To support the rebuilding of Chile we must put competent businessmen back in charge of our country's mines.
Basic Economics
Building the base of our new economy is important to the future stability and prosperity of Chile.
Restoring Democratic Institutions
We must rebuild the former democratic institutions of the Republic of Chile.
Restoring Rule of Law
The former government has changed many of Chile's laws, we must reform them and restore the Supreme Court of Chile to achieve true rule of law.
The Last Power
To ensure a successful transition to democracy we must set up the framework for the parliament and president of the republic.
Emergency Aid
To rebuild Chile back into a stable South American democracy we must ask for aid from our former enemies around the world.
Reinstate Taxation
Taxation is a must for our country to become stable and prosperous once more, reinstating it should be a top priority.
De-syndicalise Provincial Organisation
Reorganising the former provincial organisation will allow us to build up our industry even more.
Free Elections
With the elections finally being past us we can call ourselves a democracy once more!
Conservative Victory
With del Campo's party in power they can finally redeem themselves and bring Chile prosperity.
Youth Recovery
We must set up a programme to encourage the youth of Chile to serve in the prestigious armed forces, along with benefits for families to encourage population growth to secure the future of Chile.
Restore the Special Status of the Church
One thing glossed over in our hasty reintroduction of taxation were exemptions for the church, this is something we must remedy.
Chilean Traditions
Chile must have stable and prolific education programmes teaching our traditions if we are to keep up with the world scientifically.
Industrial Collaboration
By collaborating with the happy business owners we've put back in place we can easily expand our civil industry.
Restore Private Land Ownership
Giving land back to its rightful landowners will simultaneously ease the burden on our government and allow us to focus on getting more out of the land we do control.
Social Democrat Victory
With Montero winning the elections he and the party must focus on setting up the groundwork for future reforms in Chile.
Fuffling the Calais Pact
Reorganising our party will allow us to more efficiently pass laws and influence our governmental functions.
Development Programme
Working with our industrial leaders in a new government programme to plan further expansion and advancement will ensure stable industrial growth.
The New Republic
Thanks to the success of our previous programmes we can easily improve our party's popularity and the stability of the nation.
Democratic Amnesty
Offering amnesty to democratic exiles in South America will give us an influx of talented politicians and scientists running from oppressive regimes.
Rehabilitate Military
Much of the Military were syndicalist supporters, and though they accepted the transition of power many still hold resentment towards us, with some effort we can mend this and secure the stability of our armed forces.
Liberal Victory
With Arturo Allessandri and the Liberal Party's victory they can focus on building Chile in to an economic powerhouse once again.
Deregulate Prices
Deregulating prices will allow for organic growth of the corporate sector which we can take advantage of to speed up our own endeavours, along with letting us trade our resources more profitably.
Laissez-Faire
Our policy of laissez faire will attract more capital and skilled individuals to our country, allowing us to expand both production and research efforts.
Deunionise Workers
By getting rid of workers unions we can both deal a blow to the remaining syndicalists and expedite our expansion of industry in Chile.
Guarantee Press Freedom
By guaranteeing the freedom of the press we can send a message to all Chileans, that they are truly free and that we are unafraid to face criticism.
Deregulate Currencies
By deregulating our currency we can further rid ourselves of poor economic regulation and let the market thrive, and let us benefit.
Populist Victory
In a surprise victory Marees and his party have come out on top in the elections, and while many are not happy he is already putting plans into motion to increase his power.
Nationalist Junta
After seizing power Valderrama has already outlined a plan to viciously go after his political enemies to prevent a syndicalist counter-coup.
Assert Dominance
We must show with no uncertainty that we control the reins of the state.
Cleanse Military Dissent
There are many in the Army that are still hold syndicalist sympathies, we must re-educate them before they become a problem.
Cleanse Naval Dissent
Even our grand navy is unsafe from syndicalist sympathisers, We must make sure they harbour these sympathisers no longer.
Political Peace by Force
Using our immense political clout and a show of force we can bring stability upon our nation.
Violent Desyndicalisation
While officially banned from participating in government any longer, there are still syndicalists among our ranks, and the remnants of their regime lay around us, we must remedy this fact swiftly.
Radical Curriculum Changes
Our education curriculum is outdated and inefficient, we must radically reform it if we wish to become a stable modern state.
Administrative Centralisation
By centralising the administration of all sectors of the government we can secure our hold and increase military build-up simultaneously.
Strengthen the State
By taking steps to strengthen the apparatus of our state we can increase our sway and build more support.
Chilean Identity
We must promote a national identity that is distinctly Chilean to foster the pride and spirit we want for our people.
Nationalist Propaganda
Controlling media allows us to continue a flow of propaganda and build more support for our government.
Prussian Ethos
We must fully embrace our identity as 'South Prussia' and drill our military to the extremes of discipline and war readiness.
National Mythos
By promoting what it means to be Chilean and supporting Chilean culture we can foster a spirit in all of Chile that will never be broken.
Hispanism
The core idea of Hispanism is that all Spanish speaking peoples should be under one empire again, we should strive to achieve this goal!
Natural Order
It is the natural order of things for the weak to fear the strong, therefore we should foster an expanded military to support our new ideology.
Anti-Syndicalism
Though we have already taken steps to clean our country of the stain of syndicalism we should focus our efforts on quashing the final embers of the dying ideology to ensure the stability of Chile.
Land of Santiago
To achieve true Hispanism we must take the mantle as the holy leader of the Spanish speaking world and show our spirit to achieve our goals by force.
GFX_CHL_intro
Chile in 1936
After the Saltpetre War 1879 - 1883 in which Chile received the Peruvian saltpetre provinces Tarapacá and Arica in addition to the Bolivian coastal region of Antofagasta the country had command over vast copper deposits and monopolised the world trade in saltpetre. A phase of economic prosperity was initiated, supported by the high demand for saltpetre at the beginning of Weltkrieg. However, the chemical processes devised during that war to artificially produce saltpetre rendered Chile's deposits worthless.\n\nWorsening economic circumstances, together with the growth of the population increased social crisis. Workers and unions gained political influence, especially under the disastrous rule of Carlos Ibañez Del Campo, during which Chile bankrupted, in 1931. Shortly afterwards. Ibañez was deposed, and the navy and most of the army mutinied, and with the support of the people, and the arrival of reinforcements from the long exiled Marmaduke Grove arriving from the Union of Britain, the Syndicalist Republic of Chile was proclaimed.\n\nAfter 5 years of rebuilding under the first council, led at least nominally by Arturo Puga, the republican economy recovered greatly, and a military build-up has begun. Now, with Argentina's rhetoric becoming increasingly aggressive, the well respected Marmaduke Grove, military man veteran of two revolutions oceans apart, is at the helm of rebuilding the republic. However, not all Chileans are as hopeful for the future as the syndicalist leaders are...
§MPartido Sindicalista Chileno / Alianza Socialista Nacional / Partido Revolucionario Permanente§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$ / $syndicalist_coloured$ / $totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot When the third chairman event appears, select Carlos Labraca to go Totalist, Salvador Allende to go Radical Socialist or Clotario Blest Riffo to remain Syndicalist.\n£white_dot After 5 years, elections will come again, and you can choose the fourth chairman to be Syndicalist, Radical Socialist or Totalist and 5 years after that, another one will take place with the same options.
Earthquake in Chile
An earthquake in Chile killed 30.000 people and thousands of people are left homeless. We should do something to help them.
Help the survivors!
The needs of the many outweigh the needs of these unlucky few.
The Third Chairman
Our young republic now holds its second central elections; much fanfare and celebration is held, and 3 main candidates attempt to sway the votes of the workers. Blest Riffo, a long time fighter of worker's rights during the worst times of repression, is favoured both by Marmaduke and most of the mainline Syndicalists, and thus the majority of voters. Against him runs the young Salvador Allende, whose very opposition broad coalition us as diverse as it is rather un-cohesive, but they promise a better future for Chile. Also, with rather minute chances, the Totalists, influenced by the ideas of European Socialists like Mosley and Beira, are running with Labarca as their frontman. What will the people decide?
Clotario Blest Riffo and the Orthodox Syndicalists.
Salvador Allende and the Social Coalition.
Carlos Labarca and the Mosleyists.
The Fourth Chairman
After 10 years of a stable government, the people of Chile rejoice at the prosperity and peace the revolution brought. And now comes the time to elect the Fourth Chairman of the Chilean Syndicalist Republic. Three candidates are running the ballot, and 2 of them are respected and well regarded poets and writers. Gabriela Mistral leads the Pacto de Calais, a broad coalition of intellectuals and politicians who defend the Republic's central government, but unlike Carlos Contrera Labarca's Totalists, do see regular elections and personal freedoms as of something of the utmost importance. The Orthodox Syndicalists are led by Pablo Neruda, yet another very accomplished writer and poet. But who will emerge as the dominant party in Chile?
Lucila Godoy y Alcayaga, better known as Gabriela Mistral, and the Heterodox Syndicalists.
Carlos Labarca and the Mosleyists.
Ricardo Eliécer Neftalí, better known as Pablo Neruda, and the Orthodox Syndicalists.
The Fifth Chairman!
15 years of a stable government in Chile have passed, and the time has come once again to select the chairman of the republic.
Aurelio Celedon Palma and the New Social Coalition.
Carlos Díaz Loyola, better known as Pablo de Rokha, and the Mosleyists.
Luis Emilio Recabarren and the Orthodox Syndicalists.
[GetYear] Chairman Takes Office
Now that the Chairman has officially taken office party supporters are cheering for their success.
Viva!
[GetYear] Democratic Elections
The time has come for the Junta to end and for the people to finally decide upon a leader to bring them into democracy once more. Because this is the first election after the Junta, no one is sure which of the four candidates will emerge on top.
Carlos Ibáñez del Campo and the Popular Freedom Alliance.
Juan Esteban Montero and the Pact of Calais.
Arturo Allessandri and the Liberal Party.
Jorge González von Marées and the Committee of Officers Against Atheism and Traitors.
[GetYear] Democratic Elections
Six years have past since the first democratic elections since the syndicalist regime had been deposed, and the time has come once again to vote for the next ruling party of Chile's republic. Again there are 4 candidates on the ballot and the elections are expected to be a toss up again.
Juan Pablo Bennett and the Popular Freedom Alliance.
Gabriel González Videla and the Pact of Calais.
Eduardo Alessandri and the Liberal Party.
Jorge González von Marées and the Committee of Officers Against Atheism and Traitors.
War of Liberation!
A state of war now exists between us and Argentina, our army and navy are already mobilising for the coming conflict.
We Must Aid our Argentinian Comrades!
Negotiate for Tierra del Fuego
Now that our comrades have control of Tierra del Fuego we have the unique opportunity to negotiate for the land as reparation for our support in the war. This would allow us to fully secure our control of ther Magellan Strait for Chile!
Yes! Begin the negotiations.
It's worthless, they can have it.
Chile Asks for Tierra del Fuego
Our comrades in Chile are asking for control over the state of Tierra del Fuego as reparations for their help in the war against Argentina.
It's worthless, they can have it.
Never!
Seize the Galapagos
We can use the war in mainland Ecuador as a distraction and pretence to seize the galapagos as a naval base for our fleet.
Do it! Our mighty navy rules the Pacific.
Better not.
The Coup Succeeds!
The committee of officers have succeeded! The two main factions of the group are the officers led by Bartolomé Blanche, who advocates for a temporary Junta to return to Democracy, and the second group led by Francisco Díaz Valderrama, who wants to secure the power of the state in a Nationalist Junta. Only one of these factions can emerge on top of Chile's new government though...
Bartolomé Blanche keeps power in a Junta!
Francisco Díaz Valderrama seizes the apparatus of state!
Blanche Signals Elections
Blanche has soothed fears of a permanent Junta by confirming that democratic elections will take place in Chile.
Grand!
The Hispanist Cultural Campaign
The government, headed by Valderrama, has announced a campaign to promote Hispanist culture in Chile to bring it to the forefront of Chile's own culture.
A Commendable Initiative.
Rafael Franco Urges Us to Liberate Paraguay
Our comrades in Paraguay have contacted us asking for our assistance in liberating them from their oppressive regime.
We will do it if we can!
Taking Down Goliath!
The time has finally come for us to show Brazil that the size of your country isn't always what decides wars!
Brazil can't stop us!
Reactionaries Arrested
Our recent efforts to weed out traitors have bore fruit, and many traitors and reactionaries have been arrested.
Get them in the Planes and out of my sight.
Mapuches Revolt Against us!
With the current war causing strain on our country the Mapuches in the provinces south of Santiago have revolted against our government, and are using low level warfare to cause us problems.
Blasted natives!
A Peculiar Meeting
Opposition leader Salvador Allende met with the respected officer Bartolomé Blanche over lunch today and discussed setting up another meeting to discuss 'Sensitive Topics'
A Second Meeting
Salvador Allende and Bartolomé Blanche met again, this time in Allende's home, where the officer suggested putting aside their differences to work together and overthrow the current Totalist government, but that he would need time to come up with a plan.
Planning the Operation
After the anxious wait Blanche returned to Allende with a finalised plan to take back the reins of the government from the Totalists, presenting it to the Socialist leader. Blanche was insistent that assassination was necessary to ensure the plan worked while Allende was hesitant and leaning towards forcing a resignation.
We will kill the Chairman first, then execute it.
Surround the Palace and force him to resign.
The Coup Succeeds!
Allende and Blanche's forces have successfully deposed the oppressive regime of the Totalists, but it remains to be seen which of the two will rise to take the mantle of Chile's leadership.
A Junta is Formed Under Bartolomé Blanche.
Moderate Socialists led by Allende are brought into power.
Coup Foiled!
Despite the conspirators best efforts Totalist forces have foiled the plot against their government! arresting many of the conspirators but the masterminds remain free. The public image of the Totalist regime has been bruised by the ordeal though.
Blasted traitors! Start up the planes and call Easter Island, they are getting a lot of traffic.
Lucila Godoy Joins Forces with Allende
Better known as her pen name Gabriela Mistral, Lucila Godoy y Alcayaga has announced her membership and nomination as the candidate for Chairwoman in Allende's party of moderate socialists, which was recently renamed to the 'Heterodox Syndicalists'
The broad front becomes even broader!
Ricardo Eliécer Neftalí Rises Among Orthodox Ranks
Ricardo Eliécer Neftalí, better known as Pablo Neruda, has risen amazingly fast in the ranks of the Orthodox Socialists, emerging as their frontrunner for Chairman in the upcoming election.
A poet running against another!
Labarca Will Try Again!
Despite his loss in the previous election Labarca has lost none of his spirirt, announcing his second bid for Chairman earlier this morning.
Indeed.
Neftalí Releases Politically Charged Book!
In a surprise move Neftalí published a book detailing his plans as the new chairman, as well as slandering the policies and weakness of both Lucila Godoy and Carlos Labarca and their parties.
A brawl is surely brewing!
Lucila Aggressively Responds to Neftalí's Claims
In response to the slanderous claims launched by Neftalí in his book, Lucila has fired back with claims of cowardice and ill intent in what looks like the second shot of a political battle.
So uncivilised!
Pablo de Rokha Endorses Labarca and Mocks Neftalí
A third poet has entered the stage of politics for this election. Carlos Díaz Loyola, known as Pablo de Rokha, has come out and announced his support for Labarca and the Mosleyists, while simultaneously mocking Neftalí's book and his capability to lead.
So many poets, we may soon miss the usual politicians!
Neftalí Responds to Accusations and Asks for Civility
The Orthodox frontrunner has responded to the attacks by walking back on his previous hostility and asking for civility before the rapidly approaching elections, leading to some seeing him as weak while others see it as the professional response.
Why can't we all get along?
Netalí and Lucila Reconcile over Misunderstandings
With the election behind them, Party leaders Lucila Godoy and Ricardo Neftalí have met to iron out the soured relations between their two parties and forge a closer bond to more effectively run Chile.
A grand development!
Pablo de Rokha Charges Again at Neftalí and Godoy
Despite losing the election the totalists have continued their hostile rhetoric, and Pablo de Rokha has issued new claims against both of the leaders of his opposition parties. This has stirred up more trouble and vitriol in Chile's political scene, though the Mosleyist party leader Carlos Labarca has remained strangely silent on the affairs.
How rude!
Pablo de Rokha Takes Reins of the Totalists!
Citing his ineffective leadership and failure to get elected, Carlos Labarca has stepped down as the party leader of the Mosleyists. The void was quickly filled by the brazen poet Pablo de Rokha who'd popularity is breathing new life into the ailing Mosleyist party.
Will new leadership really aid them?
Leading the Revolution in America!
With the disastrous fall of [WCA.GetNameDefCap] we are the last major syndicalist country in America. we must take up the flame and lead the revolution bravely!
Viva!
Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Returns?
Finally returning to Chile after being exiled following the revolution, Carlos Ibáñez del Campo has announced his bid for the Presidency as part of the Popular Freedom Alliance.
He really thinks he can win?
Socialist Rehabilitation
While we are focusing on preparing Chile for a transition to democracy we have attempted, unsuccessfully, to implement plans to rehabilitate relations with the socialists, perhaps a government not in a Junta will have more luck?
We will need time.
Align with Carlés and Aguero?
Our new government is much more closely aligned with our former enemies than previously thought, and they have expressed interest in us joining their alliance, perhaps we should join them?
Dios y Patria!
It is not a good idea.
Chile Requests to Join the [ROOT.GetFactionName]
We have received a request from the Chilean diplomatic representatives, asking that Chile will be allowed to sign with us a military agreement, and thus align with us formally in the increasingly complex balance of power.
Wonderful, we fully agree.
Entangling ourselves in such an agreement is not to our liking.
Our Antarctic Claims
Chile has long claimed ownership of parts of Antarctica, We could more aggressively enforce these claims if we wish.
Why? There's just Penguins there.
It belongs to Chile!
Chile is Seizing the Galapagos
Taking advantage of our conflict with Peru, Chile has made a move on the Galapagos, attempting to seize the islands while we are distracted by our war.
Taking advantage of our recent annexation of Ecuador, Chile has made a move on the Galapagos, seizing the islands before we could garrison them.
There is nothing we can do...
Order the garrison to fight them off!
Failure in the Galapagos
Despite our brilliant plan to seize the Galapagos islands while Ecuador was distracted by their war, the islands were garrisoned far more heavily than we expected, and our invasion was sent back into the sea. This is an embarrassment for the nation, and Ecuador is unlikely to forget our transgressions.
Damn them!
Chile wishes to join the Internationale
The workers revolution in Chile has been greatly successful, a shining model in the Southern Hemisphere of revolutionary ideals. However, they feel threatened by reactionary neighbours and other imperialist threats, and feel like it's high time to join the Internationale.
Let us welcome them in the struggle for World Revolution!
That is pointless!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Agreed
[From.GetNameDefCap] have accepted our request to join the Third Internationale. We now have strong allies all across the globe.
Avante!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused
Inexplicably, [From.GetNameDefCap] has refused to allow our entry into the Third Internationale.
Are they out of their minds?
Counter-Revolution in Chile
Though Chile was once viewed as the most successful bastion of syndicalist and socialist values in South America, it appears that its regime stands no more. Clear failings in leadership during the war against Argentina and the dire strategic situation facing the nation today led to a cabal of military officials seizing power in Santiago, and a number of key strong points in the city and across the country swiftly fell into their hands.\n\nWhere Chile's path now lies remains uncertain, but it appears that another junta rules in Latin America - for now at least.
The hammer and torch suffers a blow.
Join the Internationale
Many of our men, including Marmaduke Grove himself, were part of the Revolution both there and in Britain. Now, with socialism having triumphed decisively in Argentina, we should take our place amidst our brothers and sisters of the international syndicalist community.
Industrial Development
Preliminary Industrial Development in [FROM.GetName]
Further Industrial Development in [FROM.GetName]
Modernise Infrastructure in [FROM.GetName]
Create New Factories in [FROM.GetName]
Attract Internationale Industrial Assistance to [FROM.GetName]
Carlos Contreras Labarca
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 25th, 1899, in Bulnes, Ñuble Province, Republic of Chile§!
Pablo de Rokha
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 17th, 1894, in Licantén, Curicó Province, Republic of Chile§!
Marmaduke Grove Vallejo
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 6th, 1878, in Copiapó, Atacama Province, Republic of Chile§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into a family sympathetic to the Radical Party of Chile, Grove is the son of José Marmaduke Grove Abalos, a lawyer, and Ana Vallejo Burgoa. In 1891, his father was exiled for opposing President José Manuel Balmaceda. Despite his early opposition to the ruling authorities, he joined the Chilean naval academy in 1892. Exiled due to his socialist tendencies, he was chosen to perform a role as a liaison in Great Britain, effectively just to keep him out of Chile. However, while there, he took part in the Revolution; and during his exile, amidst the rule of President Ibáñez del Campo, Chile's economy worsened until, in 1931, the country went bankrupt. Shortly after this, Ibañez was deposed when most of the army and navy mutinied, allowing for Grove's return to Chile and the proclamation of the Socialist Republic. His recent ascension to the post of Chairman is one that clearly signals that both Military and Civil authorities in Chile consider conflict with Argentina nigh inevitable after years of support for the Patagonian rebels.§!
Clotario Leopoldo Blest Riffo
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1899, in Santiago, Santiago Province, Republic of Chile§!
Ricardo Eliécer Neftalí Reyes Basoalto
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 12th, 1904, in Parral, Linares Province, Republic of Chile§!
Salvador Guillermo Allende Gossens
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1908, in Santiago, Santiago Province, Republic of Chile§!
Lucila Godoy Alcayaga
§YBorn:§! §LApril 7th, 1889, in Vicuña, Coquimbo Province, Republic of Chile§!
Aurelio Celedón Palma
§YBorn:§! §L1902, in Tomé, Concepción Province, Republic of Chile§!
Pedro Aguirre Cerda
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 6th, 1879, in Pocuro, Valparaíso Province, Republic of Chile§!
Juan Esteban Montero
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 12th, 1879, in Santiago, Santiago Province, Republic of Chile§!
Gabriel González Videla
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1898, in La Serena, Coquimbo Province, Republic of Chile§!
Arturo Alessandri Palma
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 20th, 1868, in Longaví, Linares Province, Republic of Chile§!
Eduardo Alessandri Rodríguez
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 23rd, 1903, in San Bernardo, Santiago Province, Republic of Chile§!
Carlos Ibáñez del Campo
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 3rd, 1877, in Linares, Maule Province, Republic of Chile§!
Juan Pablo Bennett Argandoña
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 25th, 1871, in La Serena, Coquimbo Province, Republic of Chile§!
Bartolomé Guillermo Blanche Espejo
§YBorn:§! §LJune 6th, 1879, in La Serena, Coquimbo Province, Republic of Chile§!
Francisco Javier Díaz Valderrama
§YBorn:§! §LApril 5th, 1877, in Santa Cruz, Colchagua Province, Republic of Chile§!
Arturo Puga Osorio
§YBorn:§! §L1879, in Santiago, Santiago Province, Republic of Chile§!
Carlos Fuentes Rabe
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 2nd, 1887, in Santiago, Santiago Province, Republic of Chile§!
Óscar Izurieta Molina
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1909, in Santiago, Santiago Province, Republic of Chile§!
Carlos Arturo Espinoza Mujica
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 16th, 1890, in Temuco, Cautín Province, Republic of Chile§!
Oscar Escudero Otárola
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 22nd, 1891, in San Felipe, Aconcagua Province, Republic of Chile§!
Alfredo Portales Mourgues
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1892, in Santiago, Santiago Province, Republic of Chile§!
Guillermo Barrios Tirado
§YBorn:§! §LApril 2nd, 1893, in Ovalle, Coquimbo Province, Republic of Chile§!
Julio Allard Pinto
§YBorn:§! §LJune 11th, 1885, in La Serena, Coquimbo Province, Republic of Chile§!
Luis Villarroel de la Rosa
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Republic of Chile§!
Carlos Jouanne de la Motte du Portail
§YBorn:§! §LApril 9th, 1879, in Valparaíso, Valparaíso Province, Republic of Chile§!
Olegario Reyes Del Río
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 1st, 1879, in Valparaíso, Valparaíso Province, Republic of Chile§!
Vicente Merino Bielich
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1889, in Santiago, Santiago Province, Republic of Chile§!
Óscar Alex Enrique Schnake Vergara
§YBorn:§! §LJune 11th, 1899, in Galvarino, Cautín Province, Republic of Chile§!
Carlos Gregorio Dávila Espinoza
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1887, in Los Ángeles, Bío-Bío Province Province, Republic of Chile§!
Carlos Alberto Martínez
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 18th, 1885, in Santiago, Santiago Province, Republic of Chile§!
Hernán Barros Bianchi
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 24th, 1911, in Santiago, Santiago Province, Republic of Chile§!
Gastón Kulczewski García
§YBorn:§! §LMay 27th, 1890, in Ovalle, Coquimbo Province, Republic of Chile§!
Arturo Merino Benítez
§YBorn:§! §LMay 17th, 1888, in Chillán, Ñuble Region, Republic of Chile§!
Oscar Novoa Fuentes
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 8th, 1886, in Tacna, Tacna Region, Republic of Chile§!
Manuel Tovarías Arroyo
§YBorn:§! §L1894, in Republic of Chile§!
Raúl González Nolle
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 17th, 1901, in Santiago, Santiago Province, Republic of Chile§!
Luis Otero Mujica
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 14th, 1879, in Putaendo, Aconcagua Province, Republic of Chile§!
Diego Aracena
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 12th, 1891, in Santiago, Santiago Province, Republic of Chile§!
ABAKO
Alliance of Bakongo
Ne Mbanda-Mbanda
Royal Council of the Kingdom of Kongo
Kimbangu
Church of Jesus Christ on Earth by His special envoy Simon Kimbangu
Congo
Congolese
the Congo
Pedro VII Afonso
§YBorn:§! §Lin São Salvador, Kingdom of Kongo§!
Simon Kimbangu
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 12th, 1887, in Nkamba, Congo Free State§!
André Grenard Matswa
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 17th, 1899, in Mandzakala-Kinkala, French Congo§!
Jean Félix-Tchicaya
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 9th, 1903, in Libreville, French Gabon§!
Paul Panda Farnana M'Fumu
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in Zemba-lez-Moanda, Congo Free State§!
Jean Bolikango
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 4th, 1909, in Léopoldville, Belgian Congo§!
Daniel Kanza Kinsona
§YBorn:§! §L1909, in Manianga, Belgian Congo§!
Portuguese Demands
[POR.GetNameDefCap] has sent us a demand to submit to their rule and to reinstate the Mwene wa Kongo - the Kingdom of Kongo - with which they have prior arrangements of overlordship and submission. Should we do this, our young state becomes a pawn on the great board of the European powers once more. Yet, if we refuse, it's almost certain they will issue a declaration of war.
Our survival in these trying times is more important than our pride.
We will meet them in battle!
A Congolese Approval
Kinshasa has accepted our offer and submitted, bringing peace to the Manikongo's lands. In return for the restoration of the Manikongo to his rightful throne, we will allow a large degree of autonomy. Now, however, Portugal can finally claim ownership of the Congo.
Welcome back!
A Congolese Refusal
Kinshasa has refused our offer of protection and guarantee of stability, leaving us with no other choice but to press the issue with the use of military force.
An unwise decision.
Colombia Focus Tree
Andean Pact
Colombia
Colombian
Colombia
Colombian Socialist Republic
the Colombian Socialist Republic
Colombian Socialist Republic
the Colombian Socialist Republic
Gran Colombia
Colombian
Gran Colombia
Andean Research Pact
Every nation in the §YAndean Pact§!
Reclaim our Legacy
Colombia is now in control of its rightful territory. The chaos in Ecuador and Venezuela proves our rule is needed to ensure peace and stability in Gran Colombia.
Crusade Against Syndicalism
The goal of our expansion is simple: to save the common folk from the lies and the atheism of Syndicalism.
National Defence Committee
Now, our government will establish a national defence committee to ensure our armies are well supplied and trained for the struggle ahead.
Entente Arms Trade
Canada and other Entente members offer to help us in our struggle. We should take up their offer, and fight against Syndicalism!
Reichspakt Arms Trade
Germany and other the Reichspakt members offer to help us in our struggle. We should take up their offer, and fight against Syndicalism!
Diplomatic Offensive
We must forge an Andean Pact to ensure peace and stability in the region, and mutual protection from threats such as Syndicalism.
Rescue Panamá
Panamá is about to fall to Syndicalism, we must act quickly and reclaim them to the homeland!
Re-affirm Economic Ties
The nations which once made up Gran Colombia have been closely economically intertwined since before even Cristóbal Colón arrived. To truly capitalise on this reality, let us mutually reduce most, and eventually all, barriers to trade.
Andean Research Cooperation
Our new alliance is technologically backwards by the standards of the great powers of the world. To catch up, we much conduct state research and development as one.
Andean Trade Union
Close cooperation between the nations of the Andean Pact is becoming more and more fruitful by the day. Long live our Alliance!
Cementos Argos
Empresa de Teléfonos de Bogotá
Empresa Colombiana de Petróleos
Taller Nacional de Artes Mecánicas
Auto Tecnica Colombiana
Mauser Colombia
MAS Colombia
Somua Colombia
Krupp Colombia
Chrysler Colombia
Focke-Wulf Colombia
Morane Saulnier Colombia
Curtiss-Wright Colombia
Electric Boat Colombia
Kaiser Shipyards Colombia
Legacy of the Liberator
Coffee Boom
Our farms are producing quality coffee at an increased rate.
Political Violence
Violence between Liberals, Conservatives, Syndicalists and Leopardos erupted in a swift yet brutal manner in Bogotá. Now our party has nearly absolute control of Colombian politics.
Status Quo Upheld
Colombia has always been a good place for good people to live. Isn't that why we love our country? Let us cherish our prosperity, and think of the future instead of ill for our brothers.
[ENT.GetAdjective] Armaments Support
We are importing large amounts of supplies from [ENT.GetNameDef] and other Entente nations.
Further [ENT.GetAdjective] Support
We are importing large quantities of supplies from [ENT.GetNameDef] and other Entente nations. Thanks to a concentrated political effort, support from [ENT.GetNameDef] has only grown recently.
Favourable Trade Agreements
Taking advantage of our growth and stability, we have managed to leverage better trade deals with our neighbours and the Great Powers.
Biased Land Reform
The UNIR government is keen on confiscating the lands of Conservador politicians, and redistribute it to more loyal citizens. The land and the people now enjoy better times.
One Nation
Enemies abound, and after this most recent election, many steps are being planned to ensure that Colombia survives these taxing times.
German Weapons Trade
Fulfilling long time requests by General Jorge Eliecer Gaitan, who recently returned from a trip to the Kaiserreich, Colombia now imports large amounts of small arms from Germany.
Broken Chains
Colombia is now truly free and under the flag of Syndicalism!
Worker's Militia
Worker's militias will make sure that we stay safe in case of army mutiny!
Collectivisation of Farms
Fields and plantations all over Colombia are being distributed to the peasantry.
Coffee Trade
Recall the Mission to the Reichspakt
Our mission to the Reichspakt, led by General Pinilla, has been abroad for some time now, it's high time we finally recall them and see what the world's foremost Great Power has to teach our armed forces.
German Military Doctrine
The Germans were the victors of the Weltkrieg, and our mission has thoroughly analysed their tactics and doctrines. Our military should now be up to standard with the rest of the world.
Modern Military Equipment
While on the mission, our officers were faced with a harsh reality of how outdated our infantry equipment is. Even the armies of the German satellites seemed to dwarf us in military capacity! This will not stand!
Artillery Renewal
Our artillery is not suited to support the needs of our military anymore, we must renew it even if it means buying from foreign contractors.
Support Brigade Training
Support brigades are an integral part in modern military theory, our mission concluded. We must implement them in our army, even if gathering the equipment and resources need for such may be a challenge.
Establish Officer Schools
Our officers involved in the mission learned valuable insight into how modern war works, and they must pass their knowledge onto lower-ranking officers so as to ensure our military is led by one cohesive vision.
Commando Forces
Specialised divisions are key to hold difficult terrain. We must be sure to have such divisions properly trained, so that we can exploit the tactical potential of paratroopers, marines and mountaineers.
Modern Divisional Structure
Now our army reform can truly take place, we shall model our military structure on that of the Kaiserreich, and ensure Colombia is safe from foreign aggression for now.
Mobile Warfare
Many of our officers involved in the military mission believe that, given the vastness of South America when compared to a European front, our armies should be focusing on fast movement, not on operational integrity. The concept is controversial, but has merits.
Panzerkampwagen
The so called Panzers of the German army are something incredible to behold, their force and capacity to push into the enemy line cannot be understated. Perhaps we could use such capacity to our advantage?
Self Propelled Artillery Experiments
The idea seems simple enough: strap heavy, otherwise virtually immobile heavy artillery into a tank chassis, and ensure we can take on enemy armour head on. Putting such idea into practice requires expertise we do not currently possess, however.
Complete Military Modernisation
Now, our efforts to reform the military have almost reached completion; final steps will be put in motion to ensure Colombia's Army is the most modern on the continent!
Military Innovations
Military science and thought is ever changing. Copying the Kaiserreich will only take us so far, and for so long. We must ensure we stay up to date with the changes in these interesting times.
Kolombien Luftstreitkräfte
The German Luftstreitkräfte will be taken as a role model for our air force, and we shall institute those reforms to our new practice drills and officers.
Institute Air Force Hierarchy
The Luftstreitkräfte isn't egalitarian; military discipline is a very important aspect in war. Not that we will start to make our pilots to goose-step, at least they should stop playing cards inside bombers!
Bomber Aircraft Focus
Bombers are vital to make sure any air superiority actually counts on the ground. We must ensure that our models are in line with that of the Great Powers.
Fighter Aircraft Focus
To make sure our air superiority plans gets off the ground, we must make sure our fighter corps is as well equipped as those we saw in Europe.
Naval Bombing Exercises
Our navy pales in comparison to those of Peru and the ABC Powers, not to mention the nations in North America. The best way to keep our coastlines safe is to make sure our squadrons can take out enemy ships with deadly precision.
Dive Bomber Training
Although we know close air support planes are important, we do not have pilots capable of executing the necessary manoeuvres. Extra drills are in order.
Strategic Destruction
With superiority on the skies achieved, our Air Force will be able to properly punish the enemies of Colombia in their own lands.
Reform the War Navy
Our Navy is small, and not efficient. We will reform our organisation taking the Kaiserliche Marine as a role model, at the request of our naval officers.
Harden the Northern Coast
Most of our critical naval infrastructure and a significant portion of our nation's industry lies near to the vulnerable northern coast. We must do what we can to guard against invasion.
Destroyer Production
Among the chief priorities of our navies is to make sure our shipments are safe even in times of war, U-Boats are dangerous, as our mission saw first-hand.
Submarine Advances
If we are to ensure our sovereignty, we must ensure our navy is a well oiled machine of asymmetrical naval warfare.
Flagship Development
If we are to ensure our sovereignty, we must ensure our navy is larger, and more powerful, capable of projecting power across the sea.
Cruiser Production
Cruisers are a vital aspect of any modern navy of any size, regardless of any path our naval command takes.
Economic Re-structuring
Much of our economy is weak and prone to foreign capital fluctuations, and it doesn't take an expert on international relations to know that we are going to have some major market issues in the next few years. It's high time we prepare for the worst, and to ensure we can take over the demand for good the warring states won't be able to supply.
Railroad Expansions
Our capacity for exports and imports is dependent on our road network, which is essentially non existent right now. That should change.
Modern Drydocks
We rely primarily on archaic facilities or naval production capable only of handling small and outmoded vessels. The state should thus establish a more modern dockyard.
Extensive Infrastructure Efforts
If our armies are to be well supplied, we should reform our infrastructure from the ground up to ensure all necessary items arrive at the barracks.
Academic Reforms
Our Universities are rich and our scientists bright, but they do not produce much that can be used for more... practical concerns of the state. Some small monetary incentives might make these minds see it our way.
Electronic Studies
Electronics, as a science, is in its infancy, and yet our universities have a few professors who are up to date in its developments. We must ensure the people of Colombia have such technologies at their disposal.
The New Economy
Our economy will need a paradigm shift if we are to survive the current turmoil, much will have to be done to ensure Industry, and not Agriculture, is the main produce of Colombia.
Coffee Boom
With the current chaos in Brazil, one nation rules the coffee market alone and supreme: Colombia. Let us take steps to ensure such wealth reaches state coffers...
Coffee Exports
The demand for coffee is as high as it ever us, in such nervous times, everyone should drink some coffee, correct? At any rate, our exports are expanding at rapid pace, and our economy is benefiting from it.
Start Import Industrialisation
Import substitution industrialisation is a trade and economic policy which advocates replacing foreign imports with domestic production. It is based on the premise that a country should attempt to reduce its foreign dependency through the local production of industrialised products.
Continue Import Industrialisation
Our import substitution programme is still in its infancy, so let us kick start it in a more organised fashion to ensure our competitiveness.
Finish Import Industrialisation
Now, the global economy might not be in its peak, but our programme will finish soon, and time will tell if it was successful or not. Truth is, we might return to such efforts in less... interesting times.
Economic Protectionism
Our industry is not competitive right now to enter the global market, we must protect it while at the same time invest in modernising it.
Heavy Industry Investment
Artillery, Tanks and Planes cannot be produced anywhere, and we will get ready to make plenty of those in the future.
South American Arms Race
The continent is brewing for war, and we must ensure our nation is not left behind in this arms race!
Armament Effort
We must ensure that our armies are extremely well supplied and ready for any eventuality.
The Elections of 1938
These elections will determine a lot more than the usual 'Liberal or Conservador' election... the people must choose wisely.
Conservador Victory
Keeping the Colombia we love was never going to be easy, but it has been especially hard lately. The country is now in good hands.
Appease Conflicts
Our political enemies don't accept the result of the election, however, we will take the moral high ground and ensure we can indeed defend Colombia's best interests.
Escalate Conflicts
Our enemies cannot accept the result of the elections, and are starting riots! The heavy hand of justice will come down upon them!
Assert Political Dominance
We have always been the defining aspect of Colombian political life, and with this crucial victory, we can ensure that legacy will live on.
Protect Against the Red Tide
We all know Syndicalism is a growing threat, and we can find common ground with liberals who put Colombia before foreign interests to fight it, as one.
Public Safety Committee
We know the nation will be under siege from extremism sooner or later; now all we can do is prepare for the storm. Let us establish a committee of public safety, and prepare for eventual civilian evacuations if the worst happens.
Economic Plans
Our industrial renewal plan must continue if Colombia is to go forward. We can gather foreign and local capital for this most important endeavour.
Defensive Countermeasures
We all hope our capital never falls under siege, but we can't be relying on hopes. Defensive Countermeasures must be in place.
Plantation Grants
Many investors want to take part in the golden age of Coffee our nation is going through. They will be able to, for a mostly nominal fee, of course.
Building Grants
We will grant permission for interested parties to build industries for Colombia in state owned land, as so to ensure we have a competitive industrial capacity.
Entente Ties
We have deep economic ties with the Entente nations, and all we are requesting in return is some weapons so we can defend Democracy in South America. It's a fair deal, beneficial for all involved.
Liberal Victory
We of the Liberales have always the better interest of Colombia in mind, not our personal desires. Now we must work towards a better future.
Political Framework
The blow we dealt against both radicals and Conservadores was significant. The political structure of Colombia as whole benefits.
Urban Renewal Effort
We now must invest in our cities, the heart and soul of Colombia. In there, we will establish the foundations for a better future.
Re-Negotiate Trade Agreements
Our trade agreements with our neighbours, both immediate and close by, should be revised for greater benefit of the Colombian nation.
Contain Extremist Elements
The Leopardos, once a fringe element in universities and intellectual circles, now have gathered a substantial following after the discrediting defeat of the Partido Conservador against us. However, their party is highly dangerous, and leaves us with no options but to outlaw it.
A Stable Democracy
Many elements of UNIR and other labour organisations are not extremists, even Eliecer Gaitán. We need to reach out and make sure our party stands with the people, and not as its enemy.
UNIR Victory
Gaitan's gamble paid off; many assumed the UNIR was just a party for him to build up support, so he could later lead the Liberals. But the people spoke, and now he rules Colombia!
Fight Foreign Influence
We must unite and free Colombia from those who steal our lands and our wealth.
Extensive Education Programme
Education will be the key to forge the future of Colombia. We must spare no expense in enlightening the minds of our young!
Homeland Defence Programme
Our land will soon be under siege by both radicals and reactionaries, and our people must be safe!
Union Alliances
The Trade Unions have natural syndicalist leanings, but we can convince them to work within the system to improve the conditions for the workers of Colombia.
Fulfil Campaign Promises
We promised a great deal to our people, and with great effort, we will keep our word and make Colombia a better place.
Compromise With Liberals
The Partido Liberal is a cornerstone of Colombian politics and ruling without it might be quite hard. Either way, the people demand we make a stand on where we believe the Liberals should be, with us or against us?
Coalition Government
Now, we know who is with UNIR and who isn't. Let us form a coalition that is for sure to win the next elections, to the point they shall become little more than a formality.
Confiscate Imperialist Companies
The United States and Canada have for too long held many of our plantation owners hostage.
Formalise Worker's Rights
Our workers have been fed so many promises for so long, and such pent up hate and straight up poverty naturally decreases productivity. They need guarantees.
Biased Land Reform
We shall now start a programme of limited land reform that will ensure the peasants will have lands to work, confiscated from the rich and sold to foreign powers. The Conservadores landowners will take the brunt of it, naturally.
A State of Emergency
The Germans warned this would happen. The feverish rage against the establishment almost ended in a syndicalist government! Thankfully, General Pinilla intervened in time.
Seize The Apparatus of State
Now, we must ensure that the state is truly under the control of the provisional junta for the time being.
Witch Hunts
The syndicalist Liberal party wants to betray Colombia to the Internationale! This will not stand!
End Political Violence
Violence breeds Violence. We must ensure that our message of stability is clear, lest we will be nothing but another dictatorship led by greedy despots. Such as the Syndicalists.
Efficient Administration
Now, our government can act with the freedom it always needed to successfully run Colombia.
Gather Military Support
The Army did not support our intervention in its entirety. That's natural, but we must build up support for the Junta, especially at lower ranks.
Reinforce Temporary Character of the Junta
Some still believe this is a power grab. They doubt our loyalty to Colombia and what she stands for! Let us ready the elections, which will happen at earliest in 1951, and announce that to all legal parties.
Ensure Loyalties
Many generals still believe our intervention was misguided. It will cost us much needed political capital, but we should convince them otherwise!
Appease the Urban Elites
The elites of our large cities will be thankful for our intervention, once they see the advantages of close cooperation.
Syndicalism in the Andes
Finally, the workers of Colombia are free. Let us make sure this dream lasts.
Reorganise The State
The state must not be a tool for kleptocrats, but a place where trade unions are represented.
Congress of Trade Unions
The 1st Colombian Congress of trade unions is a momentous occasion - the policies decided by the attendants will set Colombia's course for the near future.
First Five Year Plan
The first year of completely syndicalist economic plans will begin, but the Congress must decide how we will proceed!
Collectivisation of the Fields
The fields of the former caudillos belong to the people who work with them! Now we must work with the peasantry to ensure Colombia keeps her agricultural wealth.
Army of the People
The army is no longer a tool of imperialism, it's the will of the people to defend their homes from reactionaries and counter revolutionaries.
Repress Counter Revolutionaries
We must end all counter revolutionaries who threaten our young and dear Syndical republic.
PL
Partido Liberal
PC
Linea dura del Partido Conservador
JO
Junta de Ofciales
MAN
Movimiento de Acción Nacional
LL
Los Leopardos
PL
Partido Liberal
PC
Partido Conservador
UNIR
Unión Nacional Izquierdista Revolucionaria
PSC
Partido Síndicalista Colombano
UTC
Unión Totalista Colombiana
GFX_COL_intro
Colombia's Place in the World
Weakened by civil wars (especially 1899 - 1903), Colombia had to acknowledge U.S. rights of control of the Panamá Canal in the Hay-Bunan-Varilla Treaty of 1903, ending the conflict between the two countries about the building of the Canal. When the Colombian Congress refused to ratify the treaty the United States forced the secession of Panamá from Colombia, compensating them between 1921 and 1930 with a payment of a total 25 million Dollars. Colombia formally recognised Panamá in 1921.\n\nThe conservatives pursued the modernisation of the country, expanding the railroad network. Since 1850 Colombia had been exporting tobacco, after 1900 coffee and bananas were added (with the aid of U.S. capital), after 1905 petroleum. The liberals formed a government in 1930 which enacted a land reform, dispossessing big landowners, and social reforms, with economic benefits for the middle class, the workers' class and the peasants.
§MLiberales / Conservadores§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot During the elections choose either the §SLiberals§! or the §cConservatives§!.\n£white_dot From the second election onwards, the Liberals become §lSocial Liberals§!.\n\n§MAcción Nacional§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot During the 1938 elections choose \
The 1938 Presidential Election: Colombia at a Crossroads
This year's Presidential election has begun and while it's predicted that the Liberal Party will continue control of the Presidency, the Conservative party can just as well win the post. More extreme factions from both sides have splintered and are also running mainly the socialist UNIR led by the charismatic Jorge Eliécer Gaitán, and sporadic violence between them and the right have emerged. From the sidelines, Gustavo Rojas Pinilla, fresh returned from his trip to Mitteleuropa to secure defence contracts, worryingly believes that the very fabric of the Republic may be at risk...
The Liberals win it!
The Conservatives win it!
Jorge Gaitán sways the masses, and the UNIR and other radical liberals form a majority!
The army shall put an end to this chaotic democracy! Order must be restored.
The 1942 Presidential Election
With the democratic establishment of Colombia strengthened, Gaitan and other hardline liberals fell into Party line, and the Leopardos lost their momentum. Now, the people of Colombia must choose their president, and either party can just as well win the post...
The Liberals win it!
The Conservatives win it!
The 1946 Presidential Election
Will this election bring us more unity or will it divide further?
The Liberals, the only true way to rule.
The Conservatives will lead the way.
For the peasants, for the workers and for Colombia - Choose the Syndicalists.
Gilberto Vieira
§YBorn:§! §LApril 5th, 1911, in Medellín, Antioquia Department, Republic of Colombia§!
Pedro Nel Gomez Agudelo
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 4th, 1899, in Anorí, Antioquia Department, Republic of Colombia§!
Jorge Eliecer Gaitan
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 23rd, 1903, in Bogotá, Cundinamarca Department, Republic of Colombia§!
Alfonso López Pumarejo
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1886, in Honda, Sovereign State of Tolima, United States of Colombia§!
Eduardo Santos Montejo
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 28th, 1888, in Bogotá, Capital District, Republic of Colombia§!
Gabriel Turbay Ayala
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 10th, 1901, in Bucaramanga, Santander Department, Republic of Colombia§!
Mariano Ospina Pérez
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 24th, 1891, in Medellín, Antioquia Department, Republic of Colombia§!
Alfredo Vásquez Cobo
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1869, in Santiago de Cali, Sovereign State of Cauca, United States of Colombia§!
Laureano Gómez Castro
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 20th, 1889, in Bogotá, Capital District, Republic of Colombia§!
José María Villarreal
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1910, in Soatá, Boyacá Department, Republic of Colombia§!
Gustavo Rojas Pinilla
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 12th, 1900, in Tunja, Boyacá Department, Republic of Colombia§!
Elíseo Arango Ramos
§YBorn:§! §LApril 16th, 1900, in Bagadó, Cauca Department, Republic of Colombia§!
Efrain Rojas Acevedo
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 4th, 1884, in Bogotá, Sovereign State of Cundinamarca, United States of Colombia§!
Luis Acevedo Torres
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Bogotá, Capital District, Republic of Colombia§!
Mario Espinoza Gacitua
§YBorn:§! §L1910, in Santiago, Santiago Province, Republic of Chile§!
Esteban Jaramillo
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 2nd, 1874, in Abejorral, Sovereign State of Antioquia, United States of Colombia§!
Eduardo Zalamea Borda
§YBorn:§! §L1907, in Bogotá, Capital District, Republic of Colombia§!
Carlos Lozano y Lozano
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1904, in Fusagasugá, Cundinamarca Department, Republic of Colombia§!
Benito Hernández Bustos
§YBorn:§! §LMay 8th, 1896, in Mutiscua, Santander Department, Republic of Colombia§!
Carlos Lleras-Restrepo
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1908, in Bogotá, Capital District, Republic of Colombia§!
Julian Bucheli Ayerbe
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 8th, 1865, in San Juan de Pasto, Sovereign State of Cauca, United States of Colombia§!
Ruben Piedrahita Arango
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1911, in Yarumal, Antioquia Department, Republic of Colombia§!
Congreso de la República
§YFounded:§! §LOctober 6th, 1821, in Bogotá, Capital District, Republic of Colombia§!
Baldomero Sanin Cano
§YBorn:§! §LJune 27th, 1861, in Rionegro, Antioquia State, Grenadine Confederation§!
Guillermo Padilla Manrique
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1912, in Bogotá, Capital District, Republic of Colombia§!
Gabriel Paris Gordillo
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 8th, 1910, in Ibagué, Tolima Department, Republic of Colombia§!
Camilo Daza Alvarez
§YBorn:§! §LJune 25th, 1898, in Pamplona, Santander Department, Republic of Colombia§!
Arturo Lema Posada
§YBorn:§! §LMay 30th, 1897, in Medellín, Antioquia Department, Republic of Colombia§!
Laureano Gomez
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 20th, 1889, in Bogotá, Capital District, Republic of Colombia§!
Félix Mercado Sánchez
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Republic of Colombia§!
Mauricio Soto Gomez
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Republic of Colombia§!
