Mongolian Focus Tree
Mongolian Focus Tree
Mongolian Focus Tree
Mongolian Focus Tree
Mongolian Focus Tree
Mongolian Focus Tree
Mongolia
Mongolian
Mongolia
Mongolian People's Republic
the Mongolian People's Republic
Mongolian People's Republic
the Mongolian People's Republic
Mongolian People's Republic
the Mongolian People's Republic
With Mongolia a fragile nation disconnected situated between an aggressive China which saw it as rightful territory, and a disinterested Russia that saw Mongolia as a pawn, various members of Mongolia's own intellectual and religious elite banded together to form two disparate resistance movements following Chinese occupation in 1919. Dubbed the \
MAN (Militarists)
Mongolian People's Party - Militarists (Mongol Ardīn Nam - Tsergiin üzelten)\n§L$MON_man_intro$\n\nMost sincerely down but certainly not out, MAN has spent the period of time from 1924 onwards slowly amassing military strength and refining their tactics. Aided by clandestine International allies, the \
MAN (Unionists)
Mongolian People's Party - Unionists (Mongol Ardīn Nam - Kholboony üzelten)\n§L$MON_man_intro$\n\nA most obscure outgrowth of the party following collaboration and proliferation of International readings and media, the \
MAN (Radicals)
Mongolian People's Party - Radicals (Mongol Ardīn Nam - Ers üzel)\n§L$MON_man_intro$\n\nWhilst considered to be the \
MAN (Moderates)
Mongolian People's Party - Moderates (Mongol Ardīn Nam - Dundaj üzel)\n§L$MON_man_intro$\n\nThe main strain and dominant component of the MAN's party membership following the 1921 and 1924 Revolutions, the \
MAN (Liberals)
Mongolian People's Party - Liberals (Mongolyn Ardīn Nam - Chölööt üzel)\n§L$MON_man_intro$\n\nA recent development following MAN's adoption of the cause of Mongolian Democracy, the \
MAN (Rightists)
Mongolian People's Party - Rightists (Mongolyn Ardīn Nam - Baruuny üzelten)\n§L$MON_man_intro$\n\nClosely aligned with the MAN Moderates and Liberals, the \
MAK
Mongolian Autonomous Federation (Mongolyn Avtonomit Kholboo)\n§LA fairly recent development in Mongolian politics (following the incorporation of Xilingol into the Mongolian State), the Mongolian Autonomous Federation nonetheless can owe its origins to the early 1910s. Following the Xinhai Revolution, the Beiyang Government made its best assurances towards the loyal Inner Mongolian Princes and Nobles (of which were the majority) that their rights, titles, and positions would remain the same. Further establishing three special districts in the western part of Inner Mongolia in 1914, being that of Rehe, Chahar, and Suiyuan, the Inner Mongolian Nobles enjoyed a sense of privilege within the Beiyang Government. Resisting the Bogd Khanate's attempts to incorporate Inner Mongolia in 1915, the Nobles of the region would see service in the Beiyang Government as senators, and otherwise played the disparate Northern Warlords against eachother.\n\nClosely following events within Outer Mongolia, the conflict there would soon reach the Inner Mongolian citizens, as Roman Ungern-Sternberg advanced into Chahar, fighting first the Guominjun, and then the Fengtian Clique. In the destabilising situation, and with Ungern's brutal reprisals against Chinese surmounting, the various Inner Mongolian princes formed two bodies: the Noyodyn Zövlöl and the Mongolyn Avtonomit Kholboo. Aiming to preserve their special privileges and the safety of their citizens, the Mongolian Autonomous Federation is a uniquely Inner Mongolian outgrowth in national politics, led by the Kuomintang connected Wu Heling.§!\n
NZ
Noble Council (Noyodyn Zövlöl)\n§LFor many years in Mongolia, the upper classes have always held strong influence in Urga. Mongolia's aristocrats have always had their hand in the runnings of their country, and now is no different. However, ever since Ungern came to power in 1920, the wealth and influence of the aristocrats has been under threat. Ungern has proven in recent years that he does not fear seizing the wealth of these nobles, nor does he fear cracking down on their influence to keep control. Whilst ostensibly keen to feud with eachother and the Lamas over influence of the Outer Mongolian State, the various Nobles alongside their respective Leagues and Banners managed to dash their differences in light of a greater foe.\n\nIn 1927, the princes and aristocrats of Mongolia joined together in an organisation titled the Noyodyn Zövlöl. Bringing together the four major leagues of the Northern Desert; the Khan'alin League, the Qiqirlik League, the Chechen League, and the Zakbilaseqin Bidurnuoer League, it also brought together the Khovd Tribes, and the newly incorporated Inner Mongolian Leagues; Jirim, Josotu and Xilingol. Lead by young aristocratic figurehead Prince Demchugdongrub, the Noyodyn Zövlöl are content in their current position, but will be forced to take over should their assets and influence be threatened.§!\n
BKC
Mongolian Local Self-Government Council (Bat Khaalga Zövlöl)
BZ
Buddhist Council (Buddyn Zövlöl)\n§LThe Buddyn Zövlöl is a council of high up, influential Mongolian Buddhist figureheads. It is headed by the 7th Changkya Khutukhtu, one of the most important lamas in Mongolian and Tibetan Buddhism. Since the death of the Bogd Khan in 1924, the 7th Changkya Khutukhtu formed the group to secure Buddhist interests under the rule of Roman Ungern-Sternberg. The 7th Changkya Khutukhtu has stated that the main point of the group is to make sure that when the 9th Jebtsundamba Khutukhtu (the spiritual leader of Mongolian Buddhism, the top ranking lama in Mongolia and the reincarnation of the Bogd Khan) is of age, Ungern will give up his role as regent and allow the true leader of Mongolia to take the reins.\n\nUnder the surface however, the Buddhist Council also serves as the most concentrated exertion of the influence of the Lamas within Mongolia. Having long feuded with the Nobles and Princes, and fearful of both the MAN and of Ungern, they nonetheless remain steadfast in their influence on the young 7th Changkya Khutukhtu. If Ungern does not willing relinquish his role as Mongolia's \
MLN
Mongolian Liberal Party (Mongolyn Libyeral Nam)\n§LWhilst owing its origins similarly to Mongolia's foremost Revolutionary Party, the Mongolyn Ardīn Nam, the Mongolian Liberal Party could not be any further diverted from the mainstream of revolutionary thought. Carried forward by the respected and admirable Jamsrangiin Tseveen, the MLN is the youngest and first party to be born from Mongolia's democratic experiment. Developed after Tseveen consistent disillusionment with the more radical elements of his old party, Tseveen officially broke with his comrades following the success of MAN's revolution, seeing no need to maintain Party cohesiveness. Constantly championing the cause of democracy in a nation without mass participation in politics, Tseveen believes education to be the key to Mongolia's future.§!\n
IMPRP
Inner Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party (Dotood Mongolyn Ardyn Khuvisgalyn Nam)
RVK
Russian Military Clique (Rossiyskaya Voyennaya Klika)\n§LCentred around the enigmatic, polite, eccentric, and brutal dictator of Mongolia, Roman Ungern-Sternberg, the stupendously dubbed \
Scourge of the Steppes
Mongolia as it is presently is a nation of very different elements. Fusing Western Political Institutions, Mongolian Theocracy, Qing Imperial Administrative and Political Traditions, Russian Military Training. It is an amalgamation of curious existence and dynamic historical currents. Yet it still remains true to the old ways, and its traditions. Under both the Bogd Khan and presently under the Regency, the usage of cavalry in warfare is extensively encouraged, and the Mongolian Army is mostly comprised of mobile cavalry divisions with supplemental ground forces.\n\nHaving managed to win great victories against the warlords in Xinjiang and Inner Mongolia, the Mongolian Army has also successfully beaten back Anhui's occupational forces in 1921. Modernised intensely under the auspices of the Russian Military Mission in 1931, and the Baron's own modernisation efforts, it has proven itself to be the most premier military force in the region. Lacking in heavy equipment, the army compensates through training, knowledge of the terrain, and steel-hearted tenacity.
Nomadic Society
As is traditional for much of Mongolian society, the majority of its population, the Arat, are nomadic, agrarian, pastoral herders and peasants that roam the steppe in disparate and separated bands, or tribes. Even with the increasing cosmopolitanism and urbanisation of the recent decades, many either pay more heed to their local monastery, or remain within their traditional dwellings, Gers. The few notable cities of Mongolia, Mörön, Uliastai, Khovd, Bayan Tümen, and Niĭslel Khüree, are comparable to that of towns or villages within Russia.\n\nCenturies of a nomadic lifestyle has led to a population that have remained mobile, traditional, and in-tune with the land. However it has also resulted in one that tends to resist government attempts to divert them towards the urban centres. Apathetic to politics unless incensed otherwise, they are a key sect of support for both the MAN revolutionaries and the Lamas, albeit they tentatively remain subjects of their local League, or Banner.
Russo-Mongolian Trade Agreements
Established following the closure of the Russian Civil War and the resumption of relations between the Bogd Khanate and the Provisional Government, the various economic agreements, trade deals, and resource rights exchanges dubbed colloquially as the \
9th Jebtsundamba Khutuktu
The 9th Jebtsundamba Khutukhtu, born Jampal Namdröl Chökyi Gyaltsen, is revered as the spiritual leader of Mongolia and is the highest figure of Mongolian Buddhism. Born in Tibet near the Jokhang Temple in Lhasa in 1933, he was recognised by Mongolian Lamas that same year, and transported to the Khanate. The reincarnation of the Bogd Khan, the \
The Western Revolt
Due to the nature of Mongolia's shackling to Moscow, the influx of currency and investment from Russian finances has become practically the lifeline for many within the Khanate. Growing heavily dependent, the simultaneous pulling of both Russian aid and businessmen following Black Monday and the instability within their mother country has resulted in the fundamental collapse of the Western economy. Centred around Khovd, various lamas, warlords, and socialists have risen up in the region, garnering mass support.\n\nWith the allegiance of Uliastai and Khovd being declared for that of the rebels, a civil war has broken out on the steppe. Whilst the military strength of the Khanate and regency is nigh absolute, it is becoming increasingly clear that Ungern's hold on Mongolia — despite its long tenure — is far more capricious than believed. Many of his rivals are no doubt planning to seize the regency, and eject the Baron.
Western Banditry
Despite the government's successes in squashing the main hubs of resistance against the Khanate, the Western holds of Mongolia still exhibit tentative periods of banditry and rabble-rousing. With the replacement of the officials in Uliastai and Khovd, they lack the experience that is custom to their pedigree in the region, and will take time to be able to effectively squash the remaining rebels. Similarly, the administration has been shaken, and the bandits continuously appear, strike, then disappear before either the caravans or Khanate's armies can reach them.
Recovering from the Western Revolt
The Western Revolt of bandits within the country has exacted a heavy toll onto the Khanate. Sweeping rounds of pillaging alongside the turmoil in the Capital and elsewhere has sundered government administrative infrastructure, and will undoubtedly constitute a costly rebuilding process. Depriving the Government of further funding, of which is already hard sought.
The Russian Military Mission
Stewarded by the likes of Nikolay Kazagrandi, the Russian Military Mission has made great efforts and strides in Mongolia since 1931. Modernising its armed forces, establishing armament deals, training officers, establish academies, and even financing some officers to be educated in Moscow, it has resulted in Mongolia's military being able to fight toe-to-toe with the likes of modern forces of the time. Now reignited following the doubling down of Russo-Mongol ties, the military mission hopes to continue its goals of maintaining Mongolian parity with the West, and allow Mongolia to protect Russian assets in the East.
History of Conquerors
For long have the Mongol people dominated the dry, flat, and pastoral lands of the steppe. Beginning with the establishment of the Xiongnu Empire two millennia ago, the Mongol people have long understood the quantitative qualities of the lands of which they roam. Utilising it as their greatest strength, they managed to maintain pressure onto various Chinese polities of the ancient era, and consistently stretch far into the lands of Central Asia. Broadly split unto tribes and confederations by that of the Medieval period, they would all be united under Mongolia's greatest, and most impactful, ruler: Temüjin.\n\nExacting his wrath and fury across the steppe, his disparate Mongol Empire would split into various polities after his death, and would fracture even further still. However the impact of Mongol expansion and domain over the steppe changed the trajectory of world history. It is to this legacy that the modern Mongolian state, and military, live up to.
Solidarity on the Steppe
Mongolia need not follow the path of the Russian bear, for it is not her's to take. The Mongolian State exists for the purpose of uniting all Mongol peoples, be it Oirats, Buryats, Khalkha, Inner Mongolians, or Kalymks. To pursue the \
The New Mongol Renaissance
Despite proclamations to the contrary, the Mongol state and culture is not a unified being. Whilst the Khanate remains the central hub of Mongolian history, it nonetheless must contend with the fact that numerous Mongols reside outwith its territorial constraints, and similarly, lacks the population comparable to these other cultural hubs. Disparately populated, Mongolia's land is more than enough for its people, and whilst we prepare to liberate the Mongols under oppression through force, we can at least begin a cultural renaissance in the meantime.
A Khaganate United Under the Sun
The Mongolian nation truly is that of one consistently dedicated and destined towards greatness! Having long been a distinct people, the Mongol people contended with the Manchu, the Russians, the Chinese, the Persians, and every civilisation in-between. Finally, after years of arduous struggle, the Pan-Mongolian project has been fulfilled, and all Mongols are united under the Emperor of the Sun. No longer is the Great Mongolian State that of a khanate, but now, that of a Khaganate. To follow is now a period of reconstruction, rebirth, integration, and tolerance of the many disparate peoples that now contribute that of Greater Mongolia.
Army of the White Chevalier
An undoubtedly skilled practitioner of the art of war, Baron Ungern has been instrumental in the modernisation of the Khanate's army. Owing his experience not only to his time on the frontline of the Great War, but similarly to his time in finishing of the Reds in the Russian Civil War, or ejecting the Chinese from Mongolia in 1921, he has developed a wide berth of expertise in strategy and tactics. Trained in and serving with Cossack units during his time in Russia, his Asiatic Cavalry Division won great fame for their exploits in the Civil War and Mongolia.\n\nDisciplined and honourable, he tolerates zero dissent within the army; soldiers and officers must be examples for society to follow. Under his auspices, the Khanate's forces will be the finest the world has to offer.
At Home Among Strangers, A Stranger Among his Own
An eccentric to put it mildly, Ungern's idea of himself is like that of a romantic knight of the old ages. A man destined for the restoration of tradition, monarchy, and order, in an era sundered by progressivism, republic, and freedoms. Acting against the tides of history and the forces of change is but this lone knight, carrying his sabre, his steed, his rifle, and his spirit. Capable of great cruelty, but similarly that of great tolerance, Ungern's charisma and sheer force of willpower has made him an alluring figure for many.\n\nHowever, he is similarly an exile, a pariah. Ejected from the country of which he holds so dearly, Ungern could only watch as it fell into a descent of republicanism. Even now, Russia is not the country it once was, or the one that the Baron had hoped for; permanently scarred by godless socialists. Nonetheless, he has found a land of which he holds dear: Mongolia. A nation of tradition, of faith, and of conquest. Under his regency, the Boy Khan is sure to develop into a great unifying figure for all Mongols.
Remind Them of Steel
It is the unfortunate nature of politics that individuals are easily swayed; caring far more about personal satisfaction and aggrandizement than that of any servitude to a greater cause or ideal. The masses, they are capable of great force, of great change, of being charged with a mission and seeing it secured. But the elites, their leaders, they but fall to the curse of the human condition. To their own nature, to their fallibility. What is but the due recompense for such acts? For such behaviour? Only one great equalising punishment remains in charge of traitors. The Baron, Court, and Regency, all take no pride in such arrangements, but to secure the stability of the nation, it must be performed.
The Mongolian Stavka
Inspired by the Russian General Staff system, or more specifically Headquarters of the Supreme Commander-in-chief, the Mongolian military has undergone the introduction of a new high command council into the military structure. Consisting of various directorates, of which the most crucial and important for military matters are that of the Quartermaster General's department, General on Duty department, military transportations department, and the military communications department, it remains centred around Baron Ungern as Supreme Commander-in-Chief of the Mongolian Armed Forces.\n\nStaffed by the likes of the Russian Military Clique, alongside various notable Mongol commanders, and Princes, it exercises the supreme right to dictate any and all military affairs of the Khanate. Nonetheless, it remains eternally subservient to the primacy of the Monarch in Mongolia, but until the Boy Khan reaches the age of majority, that power of course remains within Ungern.
The Mongolian People's Army
Born out of the guerrilla campaign efforts of the Minister of Defence, and Commander-in-Chief, Damdin Sükhbaatar, the Mongolian People's Army owes much of its legacy to the Khanate's army. Both in serving as a direct continuation of its legacy, and as a result of its continued campaigns against its forces. Under his stewardship, the Mongolian People's Army turned from a mere band of partisans into an adept military force, capable of exercising complete dominion and control over its base areas in the steppe. Never settling down, it focused on mobility and encirclement tactics, almost nigh dwarfing the Khanate's army in responsiveness.\n\nMobilising not only the soldiers, but the people, in a common war against their oppressors, the MPA managed to successfully trump the Khanate's army. Following a directive from the Ministry of Military Affairs, the Party Army has been transitioned into that of the Nation's army. Reorganising the guerrilla units into contemporary formations, the army still maintains its politically motivated roots, with commissars advocating for defence of Mongolia's nascent statehood.
All Power to the Arat!
Who is it that labours to support Mongolia's agrarian economy? Who is it that comprises the majority of the population? It is but the simple Arat, the peasant class, the herdsman, the pastoral farmers. Whilst great strives in economic equality and freedom of movement have been made under the regency, the Arat nonetheless remained a community overshadowed by the ruling caste and the urbanites. To extol the virtues of the true Mongolia, we must first let the true citizenry of the nation take the reins.
Letting the People Bloom
To further a new modern culture and a new modern society, the state must enshrine and protect those civil principles that are integral to the people's liberty and good conduct of state. The people may disagree with the actions of the government, the nobles and Lamas undoubtedly hold resentment, however it should not be turned into that of discontent, and military violence. Instead, let the people voice their minds in that of speech, in that of press, and in that of civil exertion of their freedoms.
Gift of Gab
Tapping into their connections ranging across the Chinese economic world, and similarly in that of the Russian, the various reformer Princes, bureaucrats, civil servants, and businessmen of the Mongolian Autonomous Federation have managed to paint an illustrious image of Mongolia's future economic potential, one that need only receive the right level of investment to be truly realised.
The Red Rose of Mongol Politics
To truly proliferate an equal, fair, just, and progressive society, one cannot merely rely upon revolutionary methods and class struggle alone. It is true that the Mongolian People's Party was founded on the basis of being a revolutionary movement, one that adopted democratic centralist policies to conduct its continued armed defiance of the Khanate's increasing autocracy, however that was precisely its mission.\n\nA revolt against autocrats and despots of all shades and colours. For the Khanate displayed the initial allure and the great progress that reformist democracy can achieve. So as to even consider falling to such dire, vile, and nefarious methods of the old government is paramount to the smothering of Mongolian democracy in its infancy, and we must exercise our full might to resist the temptation.
Return of the True Revolutionaries
Adopting popular democracy as part of the Party platform had always been a contested act. Whilst MAN was never a fully dedicated socialist revolutionary party, considering the presence of the Consular Hill group in its formation, it nonetheless pursued a purely revolutionary course. The Army was that of the Party Army, indoctrination to the principles of the Party was imperative to the utmost.\n\nFoolish moderation led to a system by which the common people were oppressed, one in which the Princes and Lamas exacted direct say on government policy, one in which the role of the Great Khural was hollowed out. And so who's to say that Mongolia's new striking modernity should be sundered by party turncoats and closet autocrats? MAN exists to further the people's national revolution and the advance towards the socialist ideal.
Shining Brightly Upon the Steppe
Long has the Mongolian Khanate been an imperfect democracy. Featuring an Upper and Lower House, a moderately secular educational system, and a rapidly developing urban class, if it did anything it at least brought hope. However, with the Upper house dominated by the elite and exercising nigh full rights to dictate state policy, the Lower House could naught do nothing but protest. Now, a true, free, and democratic system can be established. Furthering, crafting, and carving a nascent democratic tradition within Mongolia, we can only hope that our efforts manage to impact the life of the average herdsman, even if past efforts have resulted in mixed responses.
Education Onwards to Modernity
Education is the source of all modernity within the West. For it is education that provides the people their consciousness, their understanding, and it is for education that the people participate in civil democracy. Without it, the people would be but docile masses pliant to the interests of the upper elite. Increasing the construction of various state schools, Mongolia will but ascend into the future as a vibrant, intellectual nation. One that defies the stereotype of a steppe country.
State Welfare
Much of Mongolia's traditional history has placed much primacy upon the elite; they had the wealth, power, and lived rather comfortable lives. Now with the reassessment of monastery funding, and the equalisation of wealth from the Nobles onto the people, the state has additional financial bandwith and budget to successfully implement a sort of State Welfare system. Whilst nominally expensive for the mostly agrarian economy, it nonetheless serves as a great arbiter of justice, and ensures that no citizen will suffer the plight of unaffordable medical attention.
Revenge from the People's Apparatus
Turning course is never an easy task, especially when one is fighting back against the tide of popular socialism. But the futility of struggle towards the socialist ideal is but inapplicable to the Mongolian situation: capitalism has hardly begun to set root, and the people still remain mostly attached to their agrarianism. Of course, some do not desire to hear the truth, and those within the upper echelons of government — the security apparatus, military high command, and elsewhere — most loyal to the nationalist cause of MAN have rallied against the government, decrying it of turning back the clock.
The Great Equalising
The nobility have run the people into the ground, utterly, and incongruously, heading their \
Releasing the Torrential Whirlwind
MAN, and Mongolian popular democracy, has become something of the bogeyman in recent times. Declaring two failed revolutions within the span of five years, the Regency harshly cracked down on the revolutionaries, showing their true colours. Denying the people their right to freedom of expression, they were seen akin to bandits, renegades, stubborn fools unwilling to put down arms for the betterment of Mongolia. Similarly, they were seen as proponents of alien concepts from the West, vile, decadent, and unfit ideologies for the Khanate. It will take but a great effort to undo a decade of propaganda, but the people must no longer live in fear of their stewards.
The Modern Horde
Whilst horde is commonly seen as a derogatory term for the Mongolian historical successor states to the Mongol Khaganate, it nonetheless has staying power within the popular conception of Mongolia. An austere, romantic, and traditional land of steppe people, with a strong affinity for the wide expanses of their geography, and the horses that ferry them to, from, and alongside their herds. So as to say harkening towards such a traditional form of mobility, and by extension, warfare, is to secure the Bogd Khanate its military superiority. In conjunction with adopted Russian and Chinese artillery tactics, Mongolia shall rely upon its traditional preference for manoeuvre warfare.
Peace Preservation Corps
An institution derived from the Inner Mongolian modernisation efforts, and adoption of the Manchu Banner system, the \
Legacy of the Five Roads
It was not Mongolia's own folly that ceased to realise the unification of the Whole Mongolia after 1911, for this would be a discount of the great heroes who dared dash against the Beiyang Government in 1912, and fought a harsh war of ceaseless victory until 1915. It was only due to the withdrawal of Russian Empire support, from the Tsar that looked down upon the common Mongol, that the heroes of the war were forced into retreat. The Inner Mongolians heeded the call to arms, for it was true that we are one nation from the root, and experience both common joy and sorrow together.\n\nUndeterred from military resistance by the Beiyang's garrison and armies, the five \
Landowners Rights Act
Constituted by the Grand Khural as a priority peace of legislation, the Landowners Rights Act ensures the protection of property under state enforcement, and validates the primacy of the Mongolian landed gentry in their continued dominance of the steppe.
No Compromise on the Spirit of 1911!
1911 was the grand birth year of the Bogd Khanate, were the shackles of the Qing dynasty were overthrown by the brave khans of Khalkha Mongolia, and wherein they vanquished the remaining Qing forces, and set their eyes upon the true unification of all Mongol people. Yet the state was naïve, lacking in the experience of modern statecraft. Believing in earnest of the Russian support for the Grand Mongolian state-building project. No matter the intentions or designs of Moscow, the Mongolian Khanate cannot allow the sacrifices of its great independence heroes to traverse unnoticed! For as long as there remains the land of Mongols outside the Mongolian state, we shall never compromise on the fiery independent spirit that won us our Independence!
A Khanate of Many Faces
Mongolia is not a homogenous nations, and the Mongolian is not merely a homogenous people. Various cultural and ethnic groups habit the steppe, and exist in a relative force of harmony. Bound by similar history, tradition, and culture, the Khanate is a rather pluralistic scene wherein Russian, Kazakh, Mongol, Manchu and other cultures intermingle in the estranged nigh cosmopolitanism of the modern Bogd Khanate. Under state directive, such a unique melting pot is to be encouraged, nurtured, and protected.
Defending Our Proud Nation
The Mongolian nation state is beset on all sides by enemies who would see it torn asunder, or otherwise subjugated under \
Governance of the Spirited
Mongolia is a deeply religious, trusting, and traditional nation by which the majority of the population practice the principles of the Gelug school of Tibetan Buddhism. Introduced multiple times throughout history, monasteries are practically the singular building blocks of Mongol society, even in a period of increasing urbanisation and the influence of the modern world. A tradition and corner piece spanning over 400 years of continued presence, Buddhism was once used to cow and control the Mongolian people, however with the primacy of the religious clergy, it can be returned to a state of measured practice, both in private, and stately, affairs.
Strength in the Buddha
The People cannot lose faith, they cannot fall to the temptations of abstinence, or otherwise that of negative affects to their karma. Despite their contention, their belief in the corrupt, cynical nature of the Mongolian theocratic infrastructure and establishment, they nonetheless must believe in the principles of Buddhism. In the cultivation of one's own morality, and the practice of generosity unto others. Through that healthy cultivation, a strong Mongolian state may evolve.
Primacy of Monastery Teaching
Monasteries are the very building blocks of the modern Bogd Khanate. Without the extensive network, wealth, and control by which the monasteries exerted in the 19th and 20th centuries, the Modern Mongol state would be merely that of disparate, disconnected, and unruly Leagues and Aimags, fighting each other equally as hard as their mutual oppressor. The transcendent values of the church travel as far as to be the very birthplace of many of Mongolia's modern cities, and it is under this principle that monasteries must serve a role not only in the present Mongolian state, but in the cultivation of its future. Lamas, lay or otherwise, are wise individuals, learned and studious, it is imperative that they impart their wisdom unto the youth, faithless or otherwise.
Performing the Great Evil
\
Synthesising the Gelukpa School
Introduced into the Mongolian lands since the Mongol Empire's first contact with various Buddhist sects in its conquest, Buddhism became an integral part of the Mongolian state through the successive conversions of various Yuan Dynasty emperors to that of Tibetan Buddhism in the 13th century. Starting under Kublai Khan, it furthered not only faith but the modernisation of state systems and infrastructure. Furthering the development and connection between Tibeto-Mongolian cultural exchange, the two countries have commonly been close allies of each other since the 16th century. Constantly changing and modernising with the times, let a new renaissance of Mongolian Buddhism commence!
Autonomy for the Tengri
Tengrism (Tengerism), the Shamanistic folk religion of the traditional Mongolia, has long endured a continuous presence not only on the Mongolian steppe, but for all Turkic peoples of the Central Asian Steppe for centuries. Losing prominence, it never truly lost followers or believers. Intermingling heavily with Buddhism, it has become influenced by Buddhist practice, yet it never sought to rival, upend, or overthrow the established Buddhist establishment.\n\nRather unfortunately, it was the establishment itself that sought to eradicate Tengerism, resulting in the creation of \
Respecting Old Mongolia
The old Shamanistic folk religion of the \
Flourish of Cho-Yon
Cho-Yon, meaning \
Imitating the New Army
The New Army under the Qing Dynasty was the pinnacle of Qing modernisation efforts for its armed forces. Forming a professional, regular, fully trained and equipped force on par with Western standards, it combatted the incessant corruption that had festered in the old Qing military, and vanquished the inefficiencies and persistent malaise of the previous army's military capacity. However it too suffered under the immense weight of Qing bureaucracy, hesitancy, and incompetency, and whilst it would eventually become the most primary force in all of China, it but merely beget future Warlordism under the Zhili, Anhui, and Fengtian cliques.\n\nMongolia nonetheless has the benefit of hindsight, with decades of experience, understanding, and knowledge to avoid the pitfalls of the late Qing. Upholding the true virtues of the New Army, being that of its vast, rapid, and extensive military modernisation efforts, the old Khanate's army shall be transformed comparable to that of the finest divisions the Chinese army has to offer.
Foreign Policy
Hold Out against Russia
The Tibetan Alliance
The Tibetan-Mongolian relationship has been that of continued ascendancy since the transportation of Buddhism to Mongolia centuries ago. With the successful victory over the Ma Clique, the Chinese are sure to exact their retribution against our mutual gains. If we fight them alone, we could very well see a bleak future. Many of the Chinese polities, warlords, movements, and governments all view our governments as rightful territory, and will no doubt try to reintegrate us. Hoowever, standing together united in brotherhood, perhaps it will dissuade the Chinese from trying.
Intervene in the Northwest War
For many years, tensions have risen between the Ma Clique and Tibet. Skirmishes amongst and over the Kingdom of Nanchen have seen the Tibetans barely hold back the Ma's onslaught. With Tibet being our de-facto allies, and the Mas currently both having prior aggressions against the Khanate, and controlling quantities of Mongolian territory, it is time we helped our Buddhist brothers and secure Greater Mongolia.
The Western Revolt
Bandits, rebels, and socialists have taken control of the west of the country, and are fighting regular battles with our army. We must do our best to counteract these rebels, for although they directly are not able to take Urga, the chaos they are causing is a ladder for opposing factions to climb, and push our government to the ground.
Reinforce Troops in the West
The various scant garrisons within the West have all been but deprived of reinforcements, supplies, and equipment. With MAN revolutionaries cutting supply lines, they are truly in a dire situation. Let us send an armed escort of additional supplies and soldiers to the western garrisons to strengthen their positions.
An Olive Branch to the Bandits?
We have received word that some bandit leaders, and those less inclined to the revolt, are willing to give up their arms for amnesty, or bribery. Considering the circumstances, it perhaps would be possibly prudent to consider their offer, despite the connotations.
Transfer the Sainsham garrison
Although the Sainsham garrison is not very large, they are decently loyal to the regency government. Although their withdrawal from Sainsham will cause some unrest, their men will bolster our forces, and enable for a re-marshalling of amassed forces.
Take Ulaangom Holdout
Rebels and bandits have taken over the region of Ulaangom. Exercising practical impunity in their region of control, they have allowed what can surmount to a nigh rival government in place. It is imperative that the regency recapture Ulaangom not only to secure the nation, but to end the suffering.
Siege of Uliastai
Uliastai has fallen into the hands of rebels, and has become a stronghold for them. We must retake the city to end the madness, re-secure the government, and establish control over the whole of the steppe once more.
Chaos in the Capital
With the focus on the rebellion in the West, Urga has been thrown into chaos. The garrison, and the Khanate's army has been mobilised to put down the revolt. However, the long indentured political factions within the capital, and more importantly the court, have laboured heavily under the Baron's regency. Waiting for the right time to strike, they have seized their chance in the chaos, and are willing to do whatever it takes to secure the government.
Securing the Capital
Restoring order within the capital is imperative to securing control over all Mongolia. It is but the sole proper city within the Khanate, and serves as the hub for all infrastructure on the steppe.
Crack Down on MAN
The MAN Revolutionaries truly do not understand when their fight is over. Having continuously resisted the Baron's regency since their first \
Bribe Aristocrats
The perennial and perfidious aristocrats that endure within Mongol society have never truly valued anything more than their own wealth and power. This is both their greatest strength, and their weakness. By playing to their desires and flashing the bags of gold, they can be tided over to remain steadfast in the Khanate's government.
Sow Discord in MAN
MAN itself presents a united front on the outside, but its fractured, and vicious against its own members as equally as it is against its enemies. A broadly fluid group that remained almost parallel in structure til the very last moment, they are the joining of numerous groups united merely by one virtue: nationalism. By tapping into intelligence operatives, we can sprout the seeds of dissent within MAN. Democracy? Socialism? Revolution? Tugged in all directions, they are sure to split apart.
Cede Power to the Aristocrats
Nobles within Mongolia traditionally have exerted power and influence through the control of the Khanate's ministries, government positions, and the military. With the Baron's ascension to the most primary role of the government, at least informally, they have seen their avenues for power reduced every so slowly and subtly. Clearly, they have caught onto the Baron's schemes, and word is amiss that they might lend their support to the opposition. Let us widen the door for them ever so slightly, to tide them over.
Cede Power to the Buddyn Zövlöl
The Lamas within Mongolia have in-fact perhaps been the most premier force for some semblance of normality and government infrastructure amongst the steppe. The monasteries act as a string of pearls, connecting the disparate settlements that have arisen around them. Long respected, revered, and increasingly irate at the reduction of their influence throughout the nation, the monasteries have seen their amassed wealth extracted towards industrialisation and military means. By returning token amounts of reverence and finances to the monasteries, we can assure their compliance.
Mongolian Infrastructure Projects
The nation of Mongolia, due to its population being extremely spread out over its vast steppes and a large amount of the population living a nomadic lifestyle, has next to no real infrastructure. Linked mostly by the few railroads leading in and out of the capital, alongside the caravan routes, most of Mongolia relies extensively upon the traversal of the horse. In this current state we will be unable to supply our troops effectively during war, and our population will undoubtedly feel separated. To solve this, we must begin construction of an ambitious infrastructure project linking to Urga from all across our nation.
Improve Links to [612.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Improve Links to [348.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Improve Links to [616.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Dealing with the Western Bandits
Whilst the Western Rebellion has been successfully squashed by the central government, various independent roaming bands of petty warlords and bandits continue to persist in the region. Far diminished in strength, they nonetheless continuously harass administrators, citizens, and soldiers alike. It is crucial that we begin reconstruction immediately, and the first order of business is the excising the pervasive rot festering in the West.
Pacify the Western Bandits
Maintaining authority and effectively squashing the local bandits in the region necessitates a strong military force. We should manoeuvre the government's forces to enter the region.
Declare the Pan-Mongol State
The spirit of the original war for Independence has not been lost! Freedom for all Mongolians has finally been won! Through heart, steel, blood, sweat, and tears, the Greater Mongolian state, the unification as yearned for decades ago has finally been fulfilled. We can only hope that the sacrifices made along the way, the assurances they contain, that it will push the Khanate through the undoubtedly troublesome times in the future. The newly conquered lands are only plurality Mongolian, and there will need to be concessions made for our newfound populace who may not be privy towards the concept of Pan-Mongolism. Nonetheless, we can rejoice for such a historic moment in Mongolian history!
Join the Co-Prosperity Sphere
Reign of the \
Mongolia for a decade has remained under the watchful and careful eye of Baron Ungern, his Russian Officers, alongside his loyal lamas and nobles. If he is to weather the storm of the rapidly developing situation following the Western Revolt, it is imperative that he moves fast.
Cultivating the Camarilla
Though it is true that some nobles are currently participating in opposition to the regency, it is even more clear that their loyalties are with their domains and not their petty alliance. Through tactful diplomacy as is the Baron's nature, we shall corral them to our side once more. The Princes should be so pliant towards conformity, after all, who won them their freedom?
The Due Reward for Treason
For too long has the Baron stayed a relatively restrained hand towards the Nobles and their property. Yet it would appear that the respect, honour, and due diligence has been misinterpreted as weakness. They bore witness to what the Baron exacted against those that would destroy Mongolia. Let Ungern showcase a taste of his ferocity, and remind them of their place.
Deign Them Not the Time of Day
Ultimately the Princes are irrelevant. A gathering of incompetences blessed by lineage and not much else. Their petty squabbles matter not to the people of Mongolia, and so it is prudent to focus the regency's efforts on vanquishing those that aim to steal the people away from it. The socialists, the Lamas, both in tandem prove to be the addictive substances of which the people must do away with.
Principles of Traditionalism
Mongolia has persisted as an idealistic land of tradition and culture for centuries. Refraining from being despoiled by the decadence of modernity and western influences, it has been a haven for preserving its history. Whilst the regency invites western innovations, and ideas such as suffrage or egalitarianism, we shall heed no word of this socialism.
Patron of the Mongolian People
The people have begun to become swayed by vile lies spat by opportunists and traitors. Those that decry the Regent as a dictator, a man driven by greed and ambition. Perhaps such a torrent of untruthful thought is our own doing, what with the \
Hijacking the One Supreme Truth
It is true that Ungern holds himself accountable to Buddhist theology and teachings. It is also true, that Ungern himself was raised in Orthodox Christianity. However neither religion is truly mutually exclusive, and they all succumb to the One Supreme Truth. The people are worried, scared, and the Lamas abuse their privilege. It is time that the Regency too weaponises this sentiment.
An Accord for Our Mutual Enemy
Both the Princes and the Regency may not necessarily see eye to eye all the time, however it is an agreed upon statement that neither can exist without the other. For the Princes backed the Regency, providing stability. In turn, Ungern protected them and all Mongolia from mutual enemies, internal and external alike. It is foolish to say that such an agreement cannot be rekindled, with the necessary compromises.
In Defence of Tradition and Order
Ungern himself holds the traditions, qualities, religion and culture of Mongolia to be paramount in restoring sanity to the world. It is only natural that there remains a supreme singular ruler, blessed by religion and lineage, who has been deigned with the task of ultimate rulership. What do the people truly seek? Unending instability at the hands of socialists, a weak government ruled by hoarding theocrats? Or a nation guided by faith and sensibilities.
The Nation's Only Saviour
It is an unjust thing to fall into the trap of personalism; hoisting Ungern on a pedestal. However without him Mongolia would not be the nation it was today. A free one. An independent one. Bestowed upon the title of Grand Duke by the Bogd Khan, surely such sentiment is more than enough to enlighten the people of Ungern's true purpose. With the decline of morality, and spiritual resilience all across the world, only the regent can ensure the continuation of the Khanate.
Remind the Army of Duty and Service
Serving in the Army is not merely a job to make ends meet. It is an honour. It is a duty. It is something all those of noble lineage are spurned into, and it is imperative that it maintains its reputation. Officers of the army are diligent, chivalrous, and examples to be revered and lauded. The Lamas, Nobles and Socialists hope to corrupt such a pure institution of state. We cannot let this happen.
Truth and Merciless Severity
Whilst the Government has ruled through the word of law ever since the 1924 revolution, it has become increasingly clear that the traitors, bandits, and rebels saw in constitutionalism a shining shade of weakness. But that would be their own conviction. It has been a long time since the dark depravity of the Civil War, but the Asiatic Cavalry Division has most certainly not grown weak and feable in that time.
Saluting the Romantic Chevalier
The Baron is perhaps the pinnacle of a man out of time. A call back to the ages of the knights, of the Keshiks. A romantic gentleman, capable of simultaneous displays of zealous bloodshed, and the calm, cunning of diplomacy. For all of the Regency, it is imperative that it exalts such values. For in times of chaos, all one can hold onto is their own convictions and morality, of which our's is the most pure.
The Regent Endures
Finally, Ungern-Sternberg and his Regency have defeated the opposition, once again restoring order to the nation. Taking the reigns as he ever has, ever gracefully, the Baron looks onto the future, and to the Boy Khan. Renewed by the vigour of military victory, the regency is ready to make their postulations into reality.
The Supreme Law of the Land
The Western Revolt and its ensuing chaos has showcased the fragile facade of stability that any sense of law or constitutionalism can provide. Without the backing of thorough arms, ones that haven't grown complacent, the value of words on paper is paramount to nothing. If the Khanate's enemy's only respect the power of the cannonade, then such power we must exert.
Proliferation of Mission-Type Tactics
Cavalry has always been a staple of the Mongolian military. Capable of immense mobility, the people of Eurasia once feared the thundering on the steppe. Yet in the modern age of war, it has taken on a new form. Auftragstaktik, or Mission-Type Tactics, fits perfectly within the mold of the Mongolian Military.
Financing the Ministry of Military Affairs
Increasingly the forces of arms by which we staff our military and fill our stockpiles with have become increasingly vintage. Relics of a bygone era. Whilst the Mosin is ever reliable, modern warfare involves machine guns capable of churning out infinite waves of hellfire. Of course, we should know, we utilise such devices of war. Lacking in industry, we must ensure our small armaments are the pinnacle of weaponry.
Contracts with Tula Arms
Much of the population lives a nomadic lifestyle, not in the cities or towns. Due to this, the low population, and the harsh conditions, Mongolia's industry is very lacking. Tapping into the connections granted to us by the Russian Consulate, and through the Russian Clique's old circle of comrades, let us engage in diplomacy with Russia's own titans of industry. With their investment and expertise, we are sure to persevere.
Warfare as a Way of Life
Warfare was once the way of life on the steppe, Undisturbed for centuries under Qing rule, the people put down their force of arms, and integrated into a civil society. Whilst it would be a great sin to forever cast down pastoralism and the traditional lifestyle, we can nonetheless coax a modern esprit de corps within the military establishment; there's no greater guardian for the nation we hold dear.
Grand Flourish of the Sabre
What a sight to behold! A twirl of the sabre, a hoisting of the arm, a call to arms. Such imagery should instigate overwhelming sense of patriotism within our people. For our military heroes! Their sacrifices, their willingness to defend their homeland, to defend all Mongols. It is a grand sight, one that must be captured, and used to further Mongolia's civil militarism.
Baron of the Steppes
Though wide in expanses, and having long lacked a dominant, uniting force for its people, the Steppe is a tameable beast. The Baron has showcased such a feat like no other. A humble servant, a humble Grand Duke even, of the Boy Khan, he has become akin to that of a Shogun. Serving in the monarch's best interests, Ungern decides the future of Mongolia in this time of great conflict.
Riding Along the Wide Steppe
The Russians have forever remained Mongolia's erstwhile allies. Whilst we are certainly no assortment of fools; it is clear they benefit immensely from Mongolia's status as a \
Overtures to the Consular Community
Ever since the Treaty of Nerchinsk in 1689, and that of the First Kyakhta Treaty of 1727, Russia has had an ever increasing presence in Mongolia. Considered part of its sphere for a century, a moderately large Russian population has grown within Outer Mongolia. Centred around the Russian Consulate in the capital, it is time we pay heed to their increasing relevance within the nation.
Heroes of the Great Ice March
The Great Ice March is that of myth and legend, a heroic dash across the wastes of Russia to plunge valorous bayonets deep into the dark heart of demonic socialists. The heroes of such an escapade are a faltering, increasingly ageing class of brave souls. There is much to be gleamed from their conviction and military expertise, we must only ask such veterans to deposit their wisdom.
Embellishment of the Economic Agreement
Economic aid from Russia was ended following the chaos resulting from the assassination of Chernov. With the Russian situation stabilising, and our own chaos far behind us, it is imperative that we reignite the flame of Russo-Mongolian economic cooperation. For them, it is assurances of our allegiance. And for Mongolia it is the very driving force of industrialisation.
A Toast to the Takhi and the Bear
Mongolia and Russia have long been siblings, it is true. Having imparted much during the Mongol Conquests, the Mongolian people have contributed to the solidification of the Russian cultural identity. Similarly, within their lands and are our own is that of our shared Mongol people. Ranging from Kalmyks to Buryats to Khalkha, we are all united under a shared history. Let us toast, let us celebrate, for we are a token of the new World Order.
Weapons from Batu's Heir
The Golden Horde once roamed the far expanses of the Russian Steppe and beyond. A direct descendant of Chinggis' own conquests. In a similar fashion, the Modern Russian state is undoubtedly a descendant of Batu, the first Khan of the Golden Horde, and his conquests. With their weaponry, Russia managed to beat back the Napoleonic onslaught, contest all great powers of the world, and it is inevitable that they will do so again. Let us incorporate our share.
The Khanate Unshackled
In light of the Russian abandonment for a third time in recent history, it has become evidently clear that they are not to be trusted. Truthfully, Mongolia's only really ally is that of Lhasa. But in any case our lands are split too far apart to provide meaningful assistance to each other. If we are to survive into the next century, Mongolia must carve out its own path of strength and vigour.
All Mongolians Made Equal
Despite what may appear on the surface, Mongolia is that of a multi-ethnic nation. Even deeper, Mongols themselves emerge from a series of various histories, cultures, and traditions. After all, each Banner is a little different, and each composite League is a little different. However under the White Shining Sun, all Mongols, are equal under the law and state. This is the truth with which we uphold.
Harkening Towards Pan-Mongolism
Some would decry Pan-Mongolism to be a failed endeavour, an untimely sacrifice on the altar of pragmatism and brokering between Great Powers. Yet it is an ever burning fire in the passions of the Outer Mongolian people. To unite our siblings in Buryatia, in Altay, in Inner Mongolia, in Manchuria and Dzungaria, it is imperative that we spurn on such bold sentiment. Conquests may grant us the land, but the people must be willing.
Fulfilling the Dream of Mongolian Independence
Mongolian Independence, born in the fires of 1911, meant Independence for all Mongolians. Not only those under dominion of the Chinese, now fractured into polities, but that of the Russians too. Unwilling to grant us brotherhood and unity through diplomatic means, it would appear that the remaining Mongolians must be united much akin to the first: through force of arms.
In Defence of a Free Mongolia
Mongolia cannot purely rely on the strength of its allies, for that is a fool's errand. At a sway of the hat, the nation could be sold out for a better bargain. Thus is the case in which every Mongolian must work and serve to better Mongolia, and to protect their freedoms. For what we all hold dear and cherish, could be reneged through no short order.
Restore Pride in Military Service
Through religious means and years of inaction, the people of Mongolia have grown much in contempt for the service of the military. It is their prerogative, that is true, service is not a light burden to bear, and one that cannot be forced. However there is a pride in it. Not in the slaughter, for that departs negative karma, an affront to the principles of Buddhism. But in the defence of a modern nation. That is where one will find hope and glory.
Alone Between a Bear and a Dragon
Abandoned by allies, and trapped by enemies. The Mongolian State of the modern age walks a delicate tightrope between its principle enemies of China and Russia. However through its own strength and willpower, it will stave off both Russian puppetry, and Chinese subjugation. A proud nation of a proud people is but an invincible fire, roaring ever loudly, and scorching all those that dare interfere with it.
A Khanate and Its Regent
The weakness of the regency was in that it was too forgiving, too swift to embrace the arms of those that would do it harm. Curried by words, curried by generosity, by practice and conviction, it was swayed to welcome traitors and rats into its ranks. Those who whisper sweet nothings into the ears of the Boy Khan, and plunge their daggers into the backs of the Baron's courtiers have no place in the new Mongolia.
Mastery of the Intelligence War
Whilst the myth and carnage wrought by the uttering of the \
Exorcising the Alluring Misgiving
MAN is but a rot that cannot be excised from one's body. An unforgiving cancer that festers in Mongolia's own weakness and fallibility. It speaks of socialism, of class struggle, of democracy, and of liberation. Yet it heeds very little to the fundamental incompatibilities of Mongolian culture and tradition with such alien concepts imported from the West. We must go to the people, and assure them that the Regency knows what is best.
Mongolia's Own Stavka
Russia's Stavka is a gathering of the nation's best and brightest military officers and generals. Akin to that of the Chiefs of Staff, it dictates the most efficient and prioritised military strategies in the face of any conflict for the nation. It is imperative that the lessons learned by Russia do not pass by the way side. Let us invite all those bright minds of the military, and heed their word in the efforts of national survival.
An Army of Tact and Order
There is by far no greater shame in the Baron's line of work than that of lacking discipline, of lacking honour. Of lacking respect in the role a serviceman is to play in the nation's morality and defence. Under the Baron and his military allies, such complacency, such ill-maintained order has no place. A nation dominated by bandits is one that Mongolia shall no longer be. They despoil the military tradition, and it is time to correct that course.
The Land Untainted by Liberalism
Mongolia is a land that has remained steadfast in the test of time. Try as they might, even MAN themselves still give into the words heeded by the Khanate, by Jamsaran, by their Lamas that dot their ranks. To the West, the Steppe is inhospitable, savage even, but they are blinded by their decadent modernity. One can simultaneously modernise, industrialise a great deal, without sacrificing or compromising on one's own beliefs or culture.
The Last Great White Warlord
Even Moscow would decry Baron, and Grand Duke, Roman Fyodorovich Ungern-Sternberg as a \
Culmination of the People's Revolution
For too long have the people been trampled upon by Noble. For too long have they been forced to pay heed to the greedy Lamas and their monopolisation on practice. And for too long have they been denied their rights, their values, their capacity to enjoy not only their lives but their roles in modern society. We may have failed twice before, but as they say, third time's the charm.
Stranglehold on the Information Apparatus
In such a traditional and disconnected society that Mongolia is, many people do not heed the cause of socialism and democracy. For them, the ruler of the capital has no bearing on their way of life; except in the form of whom their lords owe loyalty towards, and whom they pay taxes and tithe. It will take a long while to inform the people of their civic duty, and to construct the democratic tradition. Until then, only MAN can cultivate what they seek.
Exemplifying the Misery of the Baron's Regime
Many in Mongolia still owe the Baron and his lackeys a great deal of respect. Despite their unconditioned brutality to those they deemed to be traitors or enemies, many see Ungern as the father of the modern nation. A man who ejected the Chinese, and restored the Bogd Khan. Whilst admittedly this is true, Ungern also contributed to untold misery, exacting revenge and bloodlust unto all those deemed to close to socialism.
Salvo of the Oppressed Underclass
The peasantry of Mongolia, all of which compromise the majority of the nation, have for too long been the mere subject and property of abhorrent Princes. Denied their voices, they have had to endure untold hardship for centuries. Let MAN and the Mongolian Revolution be the cannonade that obliterates the oppression of the aristocracy, and let us construct a New Mongolia from the ashes.
Wealth Under New Management
The Nobles extract much of their power from their, now dwindling, amassment of wealth. Neither conveying the virtues of Buddhism nor showing compassion for their fellow man, they sat upon their copious amounts of luxury, paying tribute to monasteries, and buttering up their armies. It is imperative that seizure of their ill-gotten century old gains occurs with great haste, and redistributed under state management.
An Accord with the Lamas
It would be uncouth to declare the Mongolian Revolution to be that of one against religion, for a number of Lamas, and trainee Monks, numerate the ranks of the party. We seek not a war with Buddhism, or its practitioners, but one with the decadent institutions that aided in the oppression of the Mongolian peasantry. Those neutral monasteries, they shall become our pillars in the new Mongolian society. As ultimately, we pursue the same end result.
The Cleansing of Aristocracy
What separates a peasant and his master? What inherent trait is unique to the Princes that the average Mongolian lacks? The time of feudal inheritance and noble dynasties dominating the Mongolian Government is but at an end. They will protest, and they will undoubtedly reply with force of arms, but for a free Mongolia no price is too small to pay.
Breaking the Vice of the Military Clique
Ungern's far reaching Military Intelligence network spans far across the Steppe and even beyond. Circulated amongst Russian and Mongol nationals alike, the Russian Military Clique still maintains considerable influence within the shadows. To break their grip we must pursue our own anti-intelligence operations, and flush out the rats from their covens.
Fulfilling the Duties of '21 and '24
Such an inconceivable future for the Mongolian people only a decade ago has finally reared itself into the dazzling sun. Having failed against the Mad Baron and the Chinese in 1921, MAN steeled itself, and maintained its faith. Yet again it tried in 1924, trying to drive Ungern out before he could despoil Mongolia further. And yet it would take the third time, and the cost of many lives, to see that the dream of Free Mongolia fulfilled.
Cultivating Class Sentiment in the Arat
The Arats, or peasant class, are a massive majority of Mongolia. Before the MAN Revolution of 1921, they number 92.5% of Mongolia's population, and possessed 50.5% of its livestock. Yet what do they have to show for it? Holding next to no power against the nobles and their owners, it is imperative that they develop a sense of their value in the national economy, and their rights as peasantry.
From Feudalism Onto Capitalism
Lighting the flame of a socialist revolution within Mongolia cannot be achieved by force of arm or wit alone. For Mongolia is a pastoral, nomadic nation, draped with the sensibilities of a bygone era. Flooded with Banners, Leagues, Princes and Nobles, one would not be amiss to believe the Steppe to be a time capsule. Naturally of course, this is but a surface presumption, however the fostering of capitalism is imperative on the march towards socialism.
Ending Monastic Preferential Treatment
Owing to their invaluable presence in maintaining governmental authority, the monasteries of Mongolia received a large amount of preferential funding under the previous administrations. With such an institution such as the Buddhist Lamas particularly distant, sceptical, or even offended by MAN's intentions to modernise the nation, it is nonetheless prudent that the playing field be equalised, and re-evaluated.
Equality Under the Law
The rich nobles own most of the workable land in Mongolia, and similarly the capital neither has the capacity nor culture to serve as the base of a large working class. It is practically for a worker's revolution to truly seize Mongolia. However by granting certain noble assets to the populace, a sense of a restrained middle class is sure to emerge; class consciousness arriving hand-in-hand.
Defanging the Opportunists
The nobility of Mongolia have never truly had the best intentions for the nation or its people. Long have they curried favour with Mongolia's oppressors, paying heed to the Qing monarch, and participating in Beiyang's folly. Even in 1919, the Princes betrayed the nation, and sundered it to the Chinese. With their wealth depleting, their political force must vanish too.
Mongolia's Own Constitution
Whilst still remaining a rather controversial measure of doctrine adopted by the party, it is still one that has allowed MAN to finally fulfil its duties of a free Mongolia. Gathering together the nation's finest experts in constitutional law, ranging from those educated in the West, to those Lamas receptive to MAN's ideals, we shall institute a Constitutional Committee, selected from members of the Great Khural.
A Revolt Against Aristocracy
Much of the aristocracy and that of Old Mongolia are still willing to sell out their \
Undoing Decades of Tarnish
Bearing fruitless and ineffectual revolutions from the 1920s, many of the politically adherent individuals within Mongolia view MAN with a sense of ephemeral disdain. Immersed in immediate instability, and lacking the successful policies of the previous administration, compounded by party fractures, it is evident that many believe the Party is unfit to rule. To showcase our competency in statecraft, we must implement immediate reforms of the inefficient old order.
Allowing the People to Bloom
For centuries the Mongolian people have lived a life of relative political apathy. For in their separated lifestyle the affairs of the capital did not concern them except for that in case of war. Yet within the capital all thought linked to dissent, such as that of socialism, was treated harshly and with disdain by the Baron's regency. Let us behold to the people the rights of the modern man, and their ability to speak on any issue, no matter its creed.
Ashes of the Mongolian People's Army
The Mongolian People's Army is, whilst the official fighting force of the Party, but a mere gathering of irregulars, cadres, and volunteers trained in the ways of guerrilla warfare and partisan campaigns. More used to fighting for a movement rather than a nation, we must adopt their successful model onto a national stage, and if there is one man capable of doing it, it is Damdin Sükhbaatar.
Preservation of the Whole
Though many of Mongols remain outwith the borders of our humble nation, it is imperative that the State and army not merely march into its own grave. Undoubtedly the Chinese, or the Russians, will come for their part of the nation one day, and it is critical that the military is dedicated towards the preservation of the state, and not just the advance of it.
In Defence of Mongolia's Underclass
The Mongolian Peasantry's frontline heroes are none other than those brave souls of the Mongolian People's Army. Fighting not only for the advance of a Great Mongolia, but that of the people's revolution, we must extol and exalt the virtues of service. Once treated with disdain from the citizenry, it must become an object of pride in their developing sense of political revolution.
Democracy Under No Tall Order
In its final culmination, after decades of struggle, and years of heated debate, the Mongol Ardīn Nam has finally granted to the Mongolian people perhaps its greatest gift. Whilst it is undoubtedly a hard start, with very few Mongolians participating in the elections and the infrastructure being makeshift, Mongolia can nonetheless shine as a lone torch of liberty within Asia. After decades of unenviable struggle, this is our duty towards the Mongolian people.
Victory for the Moderniser Princes
Owing to their natural eccentricities as the \
Ending Noble Persecution
Considering the circumstances it would be unfair to decry MAN's rather heavy handed treatment of the nobility during the provisional period as being that of unjust. For as long as the Nobles have dictated the path and policies of the Mongolian people, it is quite clear that their time in the captaincy chair was abused, and mistreated. But it would be overtly too harsh to merely decry them, and continue their mistreatment. They can be saved, like all Mongolians.
Encourage Outside Investment
Encouraged through the method of selective tax cuts for businesses and other economic incentives, the MAK's keen business minds have drafted a series of economic proposals and plans to triumphantly leap Mongolia into the industrial age. Incorporating that of both Chinese and Russian investment, let Mongolia prosper within its unique economic situation; a palatable conduit of trade from Moscow to Beijing. Then at least it does not languish due to the same geography.
Old Habits Die Hard
Though democracy is a rather revolutionary idea in Mongolia, tradition should not be abandoned and cast away to the dustbin of history. It is the cornerstone of society, and has protected Mongolian culture for centuries. Whilst it would be an abrogation of our earnest ideals to turn back the clock, we do not have to turn to senseless Westernisation to modernise the nation.
Remembering the Victims of Radicalism
The country is ultimately in no position whatsoever to pursue the course of socialism. It is but a great evil that has split movements, such as the Kuomintang, or otherwise plunged society into ruin and chaos in the all consuming effigy of class struggle. Even reformists are lost, having stayed the path of benevolence into that of idealism. Many good people were lost in the MAN revolutions, and their life, for all it encompasses, should be remembered.
Walking a Fine Line Between Titans
Dominated by the Russians and Chinese, Mongolia has found itself stuck between a rock and a hard place. Our predecessors, before that of Ungern, chose the path of Independence. And even they succumbed to the inherent nature that the nation has two choices: incorporation into the Russian sphere, or autonomy at very best under the Chinese. However MAK treads the centre path, neither subjugation, nor assimilation!
Rewarding the Party of Revolution
It was all but conceit to deceive oneself that the Party that stewarded the people into its new democracy would be one that would be cast away once it was over. Born as a revolutionary party under oath, the Mongol Ardīn Nam have continued their effervescent campaign against the people's solitude and subjugation! For who were the first to band together to resist the Chinese! And who were the first to strike against the Baron's despotism!
Unburdening the Press of Feudal Sensibilities
Now occupying not only the revolutionary but also the democratic mandate, Mongol Ardīn Nam need not live in fear of the people's idolatry of the false prophets of their salvation. As is courtesy in a civil society, we should embrace the irrefutable rights of the individual to demonstrate and believe in his own free truth. Promulgating the rights of association and assembly, let us engage in that of speech similarly.
Equality Between the Peoples
Mongolia is that of a multi-cultural nation. This is not a stipulation of life that one can ignore. Kazakhs, Chinese, Buryats, Khalkha Mongols, Chahar Mongols, Ordos Mongols, Oirats. The list is ever expansive, and ever increasing as Mongolia integrates itself into the international world. It is the duty of the party of state, whatever party, to protect the rights of all people within Mongolia, no matter their creed. Such a virtue must be enshrined into law.
Forever Revolutionaries
It is completely uncouth for the vile dogs and splitters of the MLN and MAK to dare distort MAN's gift to the Mongolian People. A hotly contested subject ever since the failure of the party in 1924, it has become evidently clear perhaps that the pursuit of the concept of liberal democracy is entirely unfit for the revolutionary party to pursue. It was Socialism, Nationalism, that brought the party together. Not the ballot.
Elected Elites Guiding the Flock
With the Great Khural functioning as the main legislative organ of the Mongolian state, having been instituted in 1911, and maintained throughout all administrations between then, it has become increasingly clear that such a body is dominated by the establishment and aristocracy of the past Mongolia. To truly revolutionise the Mongolian state, it is imperative that MAN, and MAN alone steward the principle of national policy.
The Only Truth is Mongoliin Ünen
The Party has long been championed in terms of national and international outreach by that of its party editorial, Mongoliin Ünen, or \
Providing Them Their Alms
The Party can make all of the grandstanding speeches and flagrant flourishes that is necessary to imbibe within the people a revolutionary sentiment, but it action itself that is sorely needed. MAN has done much, and it can do far more. The people continue to suffer, continue to lament their lives in pastoral nomadic lifestyles. We seek not to trample upon their traditional livelihoods, but we cannot deny them their wants or their alms.
Uplifting the Industrial Society
To construct an industrial society under the direction of the state could perhaps be considered an artificial, and ultimately, wrong course of action to take. But we seek not the smog clouds to smother the steppe, nor the construction of a new aristocratic class blessed with wealth instead of lineage. The Party seeks that of a fledgling working class, more than that which already exists, and one that understands its purpose in the broader society.
The Golden Swallow of Democracy
For long has Mongolia been the island of despotism in an ever changing world. Even upon its rather hasty Independence, the only strong and sure-fire institution was that of the Buddhist Theocracy. And that isn't to say that Mongolia's own democratic experiment failed it was nonetheless torn asunder by the infighting of Lamas and Princes. Let us ensure that this time we do not fail.
Mongolia's National Revolution
Mongolia is but a cornerstone on the path of the international revolutionary tide. For the 20th Century is truly the century of the revolution, and it is crucial that Mongolia not fall behind in pursuit of that course. We must revolutionise, modernise, and advance a society from the grips of Feudalism into that of modernity. Dominated and subjugated by imperialists, Mongolia must pursue a total revolution. Of which only MAN can provide.
From Revolution to Moderation
Splitting from the Mongolian People's Party over its perceived injustices, incompetency, and the lack of a need to maintain cohesion following their military victory, the Mongolian Liberal Party is that of the freshest in Mongolia's political landscape. Led by the esteemed Buryat Tseveen, he and his intellectual flock have sought a new course for Mongolia. Neither revolution nor aristocracy, Tseveen hopes to clutch onto Mongolia's newfound liberal democracy.
Freedom For All Mongolians
How can one say that MAN instituted any semblance of true freedom for the Mongolian people, when run amok amongst the publications and newspapers of the country is that of the dominant Mongolian Truth? The playing field must ultimately be equalised. The government shall not police the affairs of the individual, let them come to the conclusions as they wish, but we must at least safeguard such a principle as the true equalising measure of society.
Enshrining Constitution and Law
The newfound democratic institutions of the state are constantly within the arms reach of danger, with both the authoritarian radicals of MAN and the Princely dominated MAK threatening it. They heed not the people's desires for true representation, and are willing to throw away the gauntlet of civil participation should it be prudent for their ideology. Laws and protections must be put in place to prevent the absolute hamstringing of legislature, and the rebound to autocracy.
Prying the Poor from the Mud
The poorest in this nation still struggle to survive. A simple injustice that yet simply cannot stand to exist in a modern nation. Unemployment, destitution, those are the two great evils that hamper the livelihood of the People. To hold true to MAN's founding virtues, that of the principle to deliver unto the people a life without oppression and suffering, the MLN must be the hammer strike that shall liberate them from their shackles.
Education Onwards to Modernity
Our nation will never develop without proper schooling and education. A fundamental building block of Western society is that of its literacy and educational institutions. Great strides have been made in recent for the achievement of this ideal: under the Bogd Khan, under the regency, and Mongolia's newfound democracy similarly must maintain such a course of action. This is necessary if we are to advance as a society and resist the allure of traditionalism.
True Defenders of Mongol Democracy
Mongolia is a nation constantly at struggle with itself. Over the lords and the peasantry, the lords and the Lamas, the regency and its council, and the new political parties of the current age. But to say that Mongolia's most vital attribution, its nascent democracy, is one without defenders against such perennial struggle would be a misgiving.
True Heirs of Mongol Society
The noble princes of Mongolia, who have been blessed as descendants of Genghis Khan have ruled Mongolia for centuries throughout history. It is only natural that the burden of leadership, and the rule of the nation, befall unto their shoulders once more. Decried as despots, as invalids, as incompetents, we must allow the opposition to bear witness to their folly. Our enemies are numerous, and we must act fast to secure our rule.
Casting a Lot with the Faithful
Religion is of course a core way of life in Mongolia, but it is not a major point for the Princes. Paying their tribute to the monasteries, the relationship between Lama and Prince is perhaps that of a tense one. For it was the weakness born from our infighting that allowed the Baron to seize the reins and ear of the Bogd Khan. It is wise, and prudent, that the mistakes of the past need not be repeated. Appealing to the people's faith, we will strengthen our position.
Conjuring Compliance of the Lamas
It is not merely enough to appeal to the common sensibilities and binding doctrine that floats through the Mongolian people, for they are led by the Lamas in action and in outlook. Monasteries hold a great sway over the populace, and it would be foolish to believe that the insofar uncompromising stance with the Buddhist Council is one that will secure the Prince's leadership. An accord is off the table, but the olive branch most certainly is not.
Painting the Humiliation of Class Struggle
The impoverished peasants of Mongolia are easily curried by the sweet nectar of MAN's publications. Swept into a fury by revolutionary cells and the preaching of sermons on socialism, it is but opening the gateway to an era dominated by mass terror. Seizing the country in utter chaos, they would see the people's unjust fury directed at the Nobles for their situation. We must paint Class Struggle not as their salvation, but their damnation.
Securing the Mongolian Way of Life
Mongolia is a nation that has persisted and functioned as a cultural identity for centuries. It is for our way of life that preserves the concept of the Mongolian people. And it is that very way of life that the Socialists seek to trample, and the Lamas seek to monopolise. The Russians non-withstanding, only the Nobles exist to prevent the perversion of our rich history, and only the nobles can truly secure the Mongolian future.
Parley with the Holdouts
Many of the officers of the army have loyalties not to their Princes, if they are Bannermen, but to the military institutional establishment. And as of late it has became a thoroughly fractured system. Whilst we can rely on the Inner Prince's forces, it is prudent to approach these remaining holdouts such as Magsarjav and Damdinsüren, and bring them on side.
Endearing Ourselves to the People
Many of the peasantry remain amenable to the Prince's interests. Caring not for the petty struggles of despot, Lama, or revolutionary, they have remained content with the status quo, with our benevolent and enlightened suzerainty. Of course, this can be harnessed, and it can be transformed. The Mongol nation must transition to that of a modern one, and inevitably the clock will strike forward to the age wherein popular participation is necessary.
Saluting the Bannermen and their Jasaghs
Owing to their ancestry, many of the Nobles and Princes of Outer and Inner Mongolia carry with them a notable assortment of Peace Preservation Units. Some of the best trained soldiers that the nation has to offer, they unfortunately lack the arms of modern warfare. They must be consolidated into a strong fighting force.
New Leaf of the Ancient Fiefdom
Neither sharing it with the Baron nor Lama, the Mongolian Nobles have once more been thrust into the absolute stewardship of the nation state. For the Nobles alone carried the cause of Independence in 1911, and it is the Nobles alone that have constantly had the best intentions for the people's future. We do not seek however to harken towards the age of Feudalism. For the world is changing, and Mongolia cannot sit idle.
The Unchanging Steppes
The nation has been granted a great boon from cooperation with Russia: the military is by far one of the more modern forces in the region, triumphing against the Chinese time and time again. But we have lost our character on the way, merely remaining a paltry imitation of the Russian armed forces. The irony of these Unchanging Steppes is that innovation is the only form of survival.
The Many Leagues of the Khanate
The Mongols of the world are rather sparse, and separated not only by nation, but by ruler, by League, and by Banner. Outer Mongolia proper itself maintains four major Leagues, followed by the additional inclusion of the Khovd Territory. Similarly, Inner Mongolia is split into an assortment of Leagues and Banners, and there even persists that of the Tuvan Nobility, or that of the Oirats in Xinjiang. Once our strength in the fluidity of history, it must be centralised in the modern age.
Primacy of the Nobility
Only the Nobility are truly capable of leading the nation. Similarly, only the Nobility can truly lead the armies. Blessed by a warlike lineage that ascends to numerous great conquerors of history, it is only natural that in the modern age of warfare, we reignite such a valorous service history. After all it was the nobles that were on the field in 1911, and it was the nobles that fought the diplomatic wars, and it is the Nobles that staff the Peace Preservation Corps.
From Many Leagues to One
The primary army of Mongolia should not be forgotten. While the Princely Army may retain its primacy as an elite force, it is the army of the common people that drives forward Mongolia's self-determination. The Nobles may lead, but the people fight, and it is unjust to say anything less. Organising the military under the auspices of the New Army Model in China, it would be wise and prudent to ensure that warlordism nary take hold.
The Modern Kurultai
The Kurultai, meaning \
Traditions of a Warlike People
Mongol soldiers used to be that of a feared entity along the Steppe. Even closer to home, Mongol soldiers have fought with, and against, the Qing and other dynasties, for centuries gone by. Ranging from the doomed rebellion of Chingünjav, to that of the conflicts of the War for Independence. Whilst the Mongolian military remained largely docile, this is a time of great opportunity for the Khanate. One must only prepare thoroughly enough to pursue their course.
The Most Critical Asset in Statecraft
Failed industrialisation schemes, poor army funding, and paying off both Russian and Japanese loans to the government has left the nation rather lacking in the funding department. Whilst naturally we could similarly tap into our pliant Japanese contacts, and finance investments into Mongolia's native industries, or its resources, we must ultimately decide on our course through consensus.
Oiling a Fine Machine
Traditionalism is the basis of Mongolian society, from its celebrations down to the meandering qualities of daily life. It is not a continuation of Feudalism, the abhorrent structure, but a preservation of what binds the Mongolian people together. Split across nations, we nonetheless carry a similar culture, and history. Such jubilant remarks should be continued, and encouraged. We are a proud people, and not scared to show it.
The Necessary Fiscal Responsibilities
Managing a modern state is but a delicate balance between the ideals and goals of governance, in light of expenditures and the economy. Mongolia's economy is not necessarily that of a strong one; most of its industrial capacity lies tied up within the capital, or Inner Mongolia. Yet the ambitions of the state is great, and whilst mostly agricultural, we will have to contend with industrial powers of the time. Therefore it is necessary that the books be in order.
Enshrining the Right to Property
The Right to Property is perhaps one of the most vital and pivotal modern creations of constitutional law. One need not guard their property with force of arms, but relax understanding that the state protects the sanctity of possession. To develop Mongolian capitalism, and a modern law, let us first allow the development and protection of man's wealth.
Celebrating Mongolian Culture
Much of Mongolia's population retains its completely nomadic lifestyle and roots, moving around through the year rather than settling permanently. Enshrined in Mongolian society, it is only fairly recently that the people have begun to settle en-masse. Yet we cannot forget the free spirit of our past, and as Mongolia progresses with the rest of the world, let us be proud of our heritage, of our Great Mongolian State.
Our Innate Commercial Potential
Mongolia sits along a crucial crossroads. Dangling as the place of relative security between Russia and the Chinese market, it has found its railways and caravan roads flush with merchants, businessmen, and travellers. Exempt from much investment besides Russian and Japanese for much of our history, we should captivate instead upon Mongolia's natural transitive geography, linking our economies crucially to that of our neighbours.
Aristocracy as a Shield against Popular Terror
The masses have proven themselves capable of being swayed and led akin to a herd. With our efforts we have unhinged them from their unfailing ties to the thought of revolution, and to that of mindless theocracy. The Regency of the Boy Khan can only be preserved through that of his loyal Noble courtiers, and our presence in his ministries, and in his legislature, reinforces such a fact.
Centuries of Folk of Silver Herds
Rallying towards the Regency, its valiant Nobles, its erstwhile Lamas, its common people, and the Arat bedrock. Mongolia is a nation of truly unique circumstances. Undoubtedly rich history, and an undisputable claim to the land they settle. The Mongol people have endured countless hardships, and will forever straddle the path between titans. Neither conqueror nor conquered, it is a nation that has perfectly synthesised tradition with modernity.
A Khanate of Many Faces
In the past, Mongolia was a great empire spanning the world. Now it is a disparate nation, a disparate people, split into Outer, Inner, Eastern and Western. To promote such an identity of the Mongol, we must inherently tie it to that of Pan-Mongolism. If we are to unite our siblings oppressed by warlords, despots, and nation states, we must bind ourselves through our common heritage. Specifics may differ, but only a Free Mongolia is representative of its unique peoples.
Commemoration and Primacy of the Khan
We as a nation must remember our history, and its leaders. The Bogd Khan granted us our current state, working as a stabilising force amongst the radical influx of disorienting political currents. And the 9th Jebtsundamba Khutuktu continues this role. Even further in the past, our nation has been stewarded by Great Khans, modernisers and warriors alike. Mongolia cannot exist without its monarch, and the monarch cannot exist without his nobility.
Revel in Our Freedoms
To preserve what we hold so very dear, we must always fight for our Independence. Such a sentiment has driven us far and wide across the tumultuous period that we find ourselves in, and it is only right that it drives the Mongol people forward towards final unification of our civilisation. To revel in, nay, to most joyously celebrate one's freedom is the most virtuous display of patriotism there is. Not only shall we commemorate the 29th, but every day of a Free Mongolia.
No Compromise on the Spirit of 1911
Nationalism bore the fruit of the modern nation state, and it is certainly no different in Mongolia. Patriotic fighters, determined not by wealth, or fame, but by sheer adoration for one's country won us the Independence of 1911. And it nearly won us the whole of Inner Mongolia, if it were not for the withdraw of Russian support. It is true, the Nobles did welcome the Chinese Occupation, but no more shall we ever stoop to such lows ever again.
Never Another Occupation
Preservation of the Mongolian State is paramount. It is by far the most primary issue of the modern day, as the resurgent China and malicious Russia approach our domain. Such fruitless bloodshed has already seeped deep into the Steppe, and the Mongol people deserve not a war of destruction. Defending our culture, our territory, and our religion are but the three virtues of which every citizen must extol, lest a worse fate than the New Autonomy Policies befall us.
The Khanate Unbowed
For too long have the Mongolian people played second fiddle to that of the Russians, the Chinese, and all subjugators in-between. How could a nation, that has so irrevocably changed the tide of world history be treated as nothing more than a chess piece on the board of world politics. We seek not enemies, nor ruin, but the mere guaranteed right to the Mongolian People's existence. Never again shall we allow the Khanate to be a vassal.
For the Preservation of the Regency
At its core the Mongolian nation is that of a theocracy. The teachings of Buddha are by which the majority of the population follow, and the Lamas alongside their monasteries are paramount in the maintenance of good governance. The many faces of the Boy Khan's court have begun to tempt him from the Eightfold Path, leading him astray for their own machinations. We must work to preserve the Boy's independence, as he develops into a great leader.
Safeguarding the Khanate
The people heed the call of the Lamas. Their words carry great sway amongst the nation. We must disseminate and preach that the Nobles are not the friends of the people, and neither they nor their polities have any jurisdiction on deciding the fate of the nation any longer. Looking after their own property first and foremost, their are selfish, and utterly the neglect their fellow man.
The Sole Governing Body of State
There is no room for the affairs of the Noble Council or Autonomists within the Mongolian government. Stacking the Great Khural and the Ministries with their lackeys, they numerate the armed forces, and wield their Peace Preservation Corps as if it was a baton; beating the people into submission. Only through the guidance of pious, righteous Lamas can the nation find its salvation and peace.
Ceasing False Idolatry
Ungern himself appears to hold Buddhism with great respect and reverence, yet he never fully converted. The Buddha promoted self-respect, and regards for the consequences of one's own actions. For with self-respect, one can avoid actions which can harm one's integrity, and with regards for the consequences one becomes aware of how their actions affect others. Ungern displays neither virtue, and it would be senseless to convince him otherwise.
Slashing the Puppetmaster's Strings
Russian influence is pervasive in Mongolian society. Not only due to the Baron of course, for Mongolia has long maintained some sort of Russian presence since the late 18th Century. However, it has become too much in recent times, as the reneging of economic support has showcased. Mongolia cannot stand on its own two feet if it is entirely reliant upon the goodwill and favour of those in Moscow. We could be allies, but we cannot be master and subject.
Cultivating Maitrī and Karunā
Many people have been abandoned by the ruthless nature of Mongolia's society. Left behind in the wake of ruthless advancement, it is an unseemly sight to behold. How can it be said that any of our Lama are on the path to being Bodhisattva if we persist by daily suffering. To take the first step, to embrace bodhicitta, we must first cultivate both love, or maitrī, and compassion, or karunā, for our fellow man. For charity and giving is the greatest act.
Encouraging Faith Amongst the People
The people have begun to lose faith, or otherwise do not truly practice the tenets of Buddhism. And it is not entirely their own fault that such a course of events has occurred; life in Mongolia has been hard for the people. If we are to deliver upon them the benevolence and salvation of which they deserve, they must first approach the monasteries. Beacons of peace in a desolate plain, only then shall they develop morality, and comfort.
A Nation of Humility and Tolerance
Practising Buddhism, one must come to terms with the fickle nature of mortality. It is not to say that actions in this world have no bearing, for they affect its denizens in tangible ways, whether they following the Buddha or not. However with this sense of realisation, one becomes in a sense, humble. There is no greater detriment to one's own state in this world, and on their reincarnation, if they were to harm another being unjustly.
A Regency Steadfast in Buddha's Principles
Tibet and Bhutan are the other two great Buddhist nation states in the world that are led primarily by its practitioners. To say they are our model would be an overstatement, but they are most certainly our friends and allies. With all enemies to the faithful either cowed, or ejected, Mongolia can follow the righteous path as laid out by the Bogd Khan in 1911. A nation governed not by the selfish nobility, but by principle, and the Buddha.
Defending Our Proud Nation
Conflict begins with the \
Loyalty to the Boy Khan
A Tulku, or \
Virtues of the Bodhisattvas
The Bodhisattvas, or \
Inspirations from China's Shaolin Temple
The Shaolin Temple in Henan province is a famous Buddhist monastery that has cultivated its own unique style of martial arts. Shaolin Kung Fu, the most renowned form of the martial art, trains the monks of the monastery not only in spirit, but with physical defence training. Of course, such unarmed combat is entirely impractical in the modern age, however the Shaolin Monks can serve as an example for the capacity of militant Buddhism.
Modernising the Khanate's Armies
The Mongolian National Army, separated from the Noble's Peace Preservation Corps, is a loosely Russian inspired force. Relying heavily upon cavalry, machine-guns and artillery, it has allowed us to dominate the steppe in a near paramount fashion. Yet with our new spiritual guidance, the act of killing, of violence, it cannot be a light action to take. We must act only to prevent other's from suffering a great ill.
Only in the Defence of the Dharma
Utilising passages from the Mahāyāna Mahāparinirvāṇa Sūtra, one can make the reasonable judgement that violence is necessary in the protection of the Dharma. To preserve both the Mongolian nation and the Order of the Universe, we must partake in the age of warfare. One must heed the Buddha's direct word however: \
Governance of the Spirited
There are four types of lifestyle for a Lama. Those who are monks, living in monasteries; those who live a lay life, with their homes in villages; lay masters whom live as tent-dwelling nomads; and those who are yogis. Yet all are equally skilled and experienced tantric practitioners. They are not merely teachers or educators, but guides and guardians. Let the economists handle the economy. Let the militarists handle the military. Let the Lamas handle governance.
Morality Maintained Through Scripture
The Buddhist establishment still maintains many enemies within the state. The Nobles are not gone, true, and they still pay their tithe to the monasteries, but how assured can the regency be that they won't betray the nation again? They must be tested in a philosophical debate, to truly extract both their understanding, and their countenance with the path of the Buddha.
The Faith of All Mongols
Buddhism is the true binding force that preserves the Mongolian nation. In tandem with culture and history, it connects us not only to our siblings within our borders, but those outwith. Even further, it allows for a common sense of morality and understanding from India to Japan. Whilst it is foolish to preclude that this eradicates the struggle of nations, it nonetheless is a sentiment that we should laud within our own society.
Teachings of the Eightfold Path
The education of Mongolia has advanced leaps and bounds since the era of the Old Mongolia. With schools developing in each district, it is imperative that the nation solicit its own national university within the capital. Not only to teach the studies of science and society, but that of scripture and religion similarly. \
Concerning the New Generation
It is true that the life of a Lama is one that takes decades of practice. It produces some of the nation's most wise individuals, ever faithful to their conviction and virtues. But it bequeaths upon the state a most alarming quality: Lamas, those whom are not reincarnations, tend to achieve their status at an old age. Let us foment a new youthful generation of clergy.
Mongolia's Only Friend in Lhasa
Very few nation states understand, or stand by for that matter, with the Mongolian nation state than that of Tibet. Holding absolute authority over the regency and Khanate as the progenitors and religious leaders of Tibetan Buddhism, it would be amiss to cast aside our mutual strength. Whilst we do not necessarily border each other, the Tibetan and Mongolian people are inherently linked by faith, and we must strengthen this bond in statecraft similarly.
Autonomy for the Kazakhs
The Kazakhs in Mongolian Society have long been Outer Mongolia's greatest minority grouping within the nation. Concentrated within the Western Provinces, they have endured much hardship as a result of the Revolt. Arriving in the 19th Century as a result of the Russian Empire's expansionism, they integrated into a moderately large grouping within Dzungaria and Khovd. They have long been a sibling people of our own, and we should cherish their contributions towards Mongol society.
Synthesising the Gelukpa School
The Gelukpa School, or Geluk, is one of the four major schools of Tibetan Buddhism, and the one by which the majority of Mongolia follows. Insofar it has developed and cultivated its own set of traditions. Believing strongly in the existence of the Tulkus, we must synthesise the School with the modern age, presenting a religion capable of adapting to the times.
Autonomy for the Tengri
Shamanism and Buddhism are perhaps perfect companions for each other. With Buddhism comes the reverence for others, respect, compassion, and the pursuit of healthy morality. In Shamanism, or specifically Tengri, they worship and adhered to the reverence of the Ancestor Spirits, and the Father Sky. Acting as protectors for their followers and flock, they need not be dissuaded by the influence of Lamas. We shall respect their beliefs, and they shall respect our own.
Respect for the Old Mongolia
It is uncouth to enact religious zealotry unto another man, for that is the simple admittance that one's own belief and resilience in their own faith is unsteady, and lacklustre. The Tengri and Shamans have been in Mongolia far before Buddhism, and they have nary interfered with the development of the Buddha's teachings. Religious freedom is the result of a truly respectful society, and therefore it is imperative it be ingrained within our own.
Buddhist Brotherhood
There was but one nation that truly recognised Mongolia's sovereignty and Independence in 1911. It was not Russia, they viewed us as but a mere rebellious region of China. It was not Britain, nor France, nor Japan, but Tibet. It was Lhasa, joined in our mutual struggle against the Qing, and by our mutual belief, that extended the hand to Mongolia. It has surmised itself that we have yet to pay them back for this kindness, but there is no better time than now.
Five Precepts and Four Noble truths
The Five Precepts are a key set of values which constitute the major system of morality for Buddhist lay people. Constituting a basic code of ethics to be respected, they are a series of various commitments. Prohibited from killing, theft, misconduct, harsh speech, and intoxication. The Four Noble Truths are a similar foundation for morality. They must be re-instilled in society.
Ten Bases of Meritorious Actions
The Ten Bases of Meritorious actions are the core deeds of merit in certain strains of Buddhism. They yield long-lasting happiness, a balanced life, and generosity. By adhering to these actions, one can become a wise person reborn in bliss. Keeping the Five Precepts, charity, mental cultivation, humility, assistance, and teaching of the Dhamma are but a few of these with which we promote.
Integrating the Rural Way of Life
Rural villages and the small communities in the steppes of Mongolia are struggling massively, especially in the west following the recent revolt. They reside within domains that have been plagued by bandits, or otherwise lie in desolation. We can no longer allow the rural population, of which is the majority, to be un-integrated with the affairs of the capital. Let us make inroads to these nomads.
Following the Principle of a Chakravartin
The building of public works is a common promotion within Buddhist texts. Kings such as Ashoka are true examples of lay people whom provided their masses with welfare through the construction of hospitals and parks. The Chakravartin, the \
End Suffering in the Capital
Giving is said to make one happy, generate good merit, and develop non-attachment. Therefore it is not just good because it bears good karmic fruit, but also because it develops one's spiritual qualities. The capital has suffered much in the past decades. Seeing much devastation under the Chinese and the Baron, it is but a paltry state. We must practice the art of giving, and alleviate its suffering.
Encourage Compassion and Generosity
The Buddha placed much emphasis upon the virtue of giving and sharing. Central to Buddhist economic ethics is that of charity as a result. Even the poor and destitute, sheltering in the monasteries under the care of Lamas, are encouraged to share, for it builds a stronger spiritual wealth. To eradicate the selfishness propagated by the faithless, we must combat it with compassion.
Successor to the Bogd Khan
The young Boy Khan still has a long tenure to endure within the regency's embrace before he can rule properly and thoroughly. Nonetheless, he has displayed, in his childish vigour, a great admiration and willingness to learn from the Lamas. It can be hoped with our new spiritual and moral governance that our example, and our teaching, can bring Mongolia it's great ruler that it needs.
Taming the Nomadic Economy
Mongolia is a sparsely populated nation, with about half of the population living nomadically on the steppes. This is a major challenge for economic planners, and will have to be kept in mind as we bring Mongolia into modernity. As we begin our economic reforms, we shall push for greater record-keeping and oversight over arable land as well as push to modernise our agricultural infrastructure.
Developing the Sacred Steppe
Mongolia's economy has traditionally been very pastoral, but in order to ensure its future prosperity and independence, an effort must be made to foster a domestic industrial base. The hub of our latest efforts at creating a light industry shall be in Uliastai, a city in Western Mongolia. With some incentives and interventions, we will focus on processing animal products and providing manufactured goods for our agricultural domestic market.
Financing Those on Horseback
Aid to nomadic clans is key to help people thrive across the steppes and ensure their continued loyalty. Nomads are particularly at the mercy of winter, with challenges maintaining a viable flock. By providing resources to help protect their animals from disease and inclement weather, we will alleviate the burden they face each year. Combined with the promotion of a new mining and timber industry, we will eliminate rural economic stagnation and bring new prosperity.
A Capital Greater than Khanbaliq
Urga is our largest city and capital, but frankly only qualifies as a city at all on a seasonal basis. As our government's seat of power and the symbol of the reforms we seek to bring to Mongolia, it is imperative that we invest in permanent infrastructure to and within the city. New roads and bridges will be constructed, connecting outlying villages to Urga, and old ones will be refurbished. This will be the foundation of our burgeoning economy.
Developing the Native Arms Trade
Mongolia does not have a large native arms industry and that has historically put us at a disadvantage in our dealings with our neighbours. Our few domestically produced arms are handcrafted, which include beautiful but hopelessly outdated muskets and bows. Though our budget is tight and industry still in its infancy, our leaders are nonetheless determined. They might not be the newest or finest guns, but with great effort Mongolia will see its first weapon's plant!
Whirlwind of the Modern Age
Our weapons are of an extremely poor standard, mostly surplus weapons given to us by great powers when we were vassals. Many are old enough to be relics in a museum! If we are to keep our independence, it is imperative that we have a centralised and effective method of arms procurement. Licences and contracts will have to be made with foreign designers, no doubt at a price, but our Ministry of Defence will have weapons on par with our foes.
The Trans-Mongolian Railway
The Trans-Mongolian Railway has gone through numerous planning stages and development pitfalls, but the dream has remained the same: the creation of a massive railway across the steppes. With our relative independence from both Beijing and Moscow and new-found domestic stability, it is time we finally bring these plans out of the drawing board and into reality. Our government will finally back a venture to start laying down tracks to better connect Mongolia together!
From a Trading Outpost to an Industrial Hub
Khovd is another western Mongolian city that is in urgent need of industrial development. Taking inspiration from our work in the neighbouring Uliastai, we will begin a programme of domestic industrial investment, focusing on light industrial products capable of servicing the region's farmers. Our burgeoning industrial economy will allow us to fund further projects to better extract Mongolia's rich natural resources for foreign export.
Reconstituting the Russian Model
The Mongolian military is dominated by mounted troops, who are able to navigate the vast flat steppes. These mounted forces have protected us for many years, but as the world begins to change so must we. A modern military is needed, and so a new military commission has been established to oversee the implementation of military reforms learnt from the Russian attaché Kazagrandi, and Ungern.
Reigniting the Fear of the Steppe
With our weapons procurement project well underway, our troops are better supplied and equipped, but the same can be said of our enemies. Mongolia's continued security is a moving target and to meet future challenges we must go further with fostering our domestic defence industry. Funds will be directed towards new munitions plants and hiring foreign experts. We may not trust all of our neighbours, but we will be able to trust our heroic soldiers!
Embers of the Military Industrial Complex
New weapons designs must be acquired to supply our troops with modern arms. Moreover, while we have made great strides in our production techniques, there are many areas where we are lacking both in quality and quantity. Using the foreign blueprints and technicians we can get our hands on, and having our domestic designers fill in the gaps, we will seek to continue to keep Mongolia's military competitive.
Modernisation of Doctrine
The instability of China has allowed us to gain de facto independence, and years of fighting both foreign invaders and ourselves has given us an experienced, if outdated, military. With our nation now fully united, it is time to begin consolidating the lessons our men have learned and building a modern Mongolian military. The methods of our military should be looked into, to see whether we could reform our military to become more effective.
Advantages of the Wide Expanse
We must understand that the territory of our nation is very difficult to transverse and fight in, ranging from flat steppes to steep hills and treacherous mountains. Either we can be cowed by it or we can work with our natural environment. Outposts will be created, supply bases created, safe routes charted out, and amiable connections with helpful locals will give us a leg up in moving and defending our home. While our enemies struggle with the terrain, we will be right at home.
Natural Glories of Heroism and Service
With such a low population, Mongolia needs every soldier it can reasonably get. Now that our domestic troubles have been resolved, at least for now, we need to begin a new recruitment plan to increase our numbers. We will begin by streamlining recruitment and more carefully documenting our rosters to eliminate \
Passing on the Mantle
Many officers in Mongolia are poorly trained, and forced to learn by experience. With the establishment of the National Defence University, it is now time to begin creating a new curriculum for our cadets. Our faculty primarily consist of veterans from Mongolia's various border wars and foreign military advisors. Yet they will not remain forever. In the new age of war, wisdom is a valuable commodity.
Denizens of the Steppe and Desert
The nomadic peoples living in Mongolia are adept at horseback riding but can be difficult to keep track of for conscription. Careful negotiations with tribal leaders and greater sign-on bonuses will allow us to better access nomadic populations for potential recruits. Their experience is invaluable and will be a great boon for our reorganised defence forces.
Centralisation of the Banners
Some clans are rather isolated and remain untapped potential for military enlistment. By building inroads, material concessions and the possibility of a new life away from impoverished rural regions, we can further swell our ranks with hardy soldiers. In addition, now that our government's stability is no longer in doubt we can begin to recruit the veterans of the defeated factions of our civil war and incorporate them into our army.
Renew the Academies
In Mongolia, military training has been mostly ad hoc, with most officers taught on the job or in their own homes. To rectify this, in 1921 Baron Ungern-Sternberg built a small academy in Urga. The elegant, Russian-styled facility is but one of many gifts the Russian military has granted Mongolia. Inconsequential of our relationship with Moscow, there is a lot to learn and adapt from their rebounding forces.
Necessities of Modern Warfare
Mongolia is a large, sparsely populated nation and its people are divided by long distances and high mountains. Radio and electronic technology has great potential to help solve this divide. Furthermore, Radios have been used since the Great War for effective communications between generals and their soldiers. If we are to defend our homes, incorporating radios into our doctrines is a must!
Repudiation of the Statute of Autonomy
A dark fate has befallen the Mongolian steppe. Having bled and fought for our Independence in 1911, our great heroes would be betrayed by the Nobility, Khan, and Russia. Sold out in 1915, we were once again sold to the Chinese as a hostage in 1919. With the repeal of Mongolian Autonomy by Xu Shichang, it would appear that very same fate has befallen us yet again.
National Unity Front
Few political parties are willing to cooperate with the Chinese. Despite this, to create the illusion of independence from China to external observers, we have been directed to create a broad coalition of cooperating groups. We must create new shell parties and associations across the political spectrum to accomplish this.
Reorganise Military Structure
The Chinese have a fundamentally different attitude towards warfare than our people do. They fight in a modern land, full of mountains, urban sprawls, and deep roaring rivers. To facilitate cooperation and reduce military independence, we should bring our structures in line with those of China, studying in the lessons of its great academies.
Requesting Officers in Advance
Our forces are all but shattered following our subjugation. If we are to once more produce a standing army worthy of respect and pride, it is imperative that our overlords at least grant us this pity. Through the hiring and incorporation of Chinese officers and translators, let us rebuild the Mongolian Military for the new modern age.
Nip the Resistance in the Bud
Many rural Mongolians refuse to recognise our government, instead joining resistance groups. We know all too well the capacity for resistance, and the fruit it can bear. For despite the Baron's best assurances MAN could never be put down. However we shall not fall to his conceit or folly. A thorough anti-partisan campaign must be conducted.
Incorporation into the Middle Kingdom
Inner Mongolia has shown that the Mongol people and the Han people can cooperate fruitfully. With an upper caste of Mongols, supported by the Chinese, one can truly achieve modernity. Whilst it will be a long time until we can truly govern ourselves like our brethren, who's to say we cannot start making inroads?
Endearing the Chains that Bind
For as long as Mongolia has existed as a cultural entity, it has spent the majority of its existence under that of Chinese suzerainty. Whilst we have felt the brief taste of independence, it is evidently clear that we were incapable of defending it. As sorrowful as that may be, it is imperative that we bind ourselves into the new system of governance.
The National Revolution Sweeps the Steppe
The Kuomintang have triumphed over the old Mongol regime. The Mongolian Kuomintang, once languishing in obscurity has burst onto the scene to lead the new Mongolia forward, hand in hand with China.
Land to the Tiller
Land reform is an essential part of the KMT's platform, both right and left. The rural estates should be given over to those who work and graze them. For that is the bedrock of a modern, industrial, and cooperative society. And most certainly, the first step towards National liberation.
Push for Industrialisation
Economic modernisation is essential both for our nation to compete on the world stage and to integrate our economy with that of China. Firstly, more formal cottage industries should be transformed into modern workshops. Then the development of unions shall be sponsored, and ultimately, Mongolia will embark into the Modern age.
Heroes of the National Revolution
The National Revolutionary Army is a force of unstoppable magnitude. Having been constructed as a party army on order of the Guofu, it is devoutly loyal to the Three Principles, and has continued the fight stubbornly since the fall of the Northern Expedition. With some of the greatest minds of warfare in this generation, the Mongolian NRA is sure to achieve similar greatness.
Controlling the Means of the Masses
It would be unjust to depict the Kuomintang as a force of ill will or discontent within the Mongolian Steppe, for numbering their ranks and upper echelons is an assortment of Mongolians and Minority peoples. Through the Mongolian-Tibetan Affairs Commission, it is guaranteed that our rights are protected and heard. However the people disagree, and they must be corrected on their wrongful course.
Hoisting the White Sun
We must fully unite with the Chinese Kuomintang in thought and vigour. By promoting the commonality of our struggle and place in the world, slowly but surely the Mongol people and the Han will march forward, hand in hand, to a common Datong. For whilst our citizens did not fight in the National Revolution, nothing is stopping them from doing so now.
Rebels occupy Uliastai
Rebels occupy Ulaangom
§GElections will begin to be discussed.§!\n
Mongolia is a puppet of a Chinese tag.
§CWe will lose the ability to take the wargoal decisions if we join a faction!§!
GFX_MON_intro
History of Mongolia
Mongolia was under the control of the §cManchu Qing Dynasty§! for centuries, until the §l1911 Xinhai Revolution§! led to §sMongolian§! independence under the §P8th Jebtsundamba Khutuktu§!, the head of Mongolian Buddhism, who took the title of the §PBogd Khan§!. §lChina§! still claimed §sMongolia§! as §lChinese§! territory, and §sMongolia's§! independence was shattered in 1919, when §PXu Shuzheng§!, a Chinese warlord of the §aAnhui Clique§!, occupied the country. However, in 1920, §PRoman Ungern-Sternberg§!, a White Russian military leader, leading his §PAsiatic Cavalry Division§!, took Urga from the §lChinese§!, and restored the §PBogd Khan§!.\n\n§PUngern§! enforced his rule with an iron fist, crushing revolts and dissidents while making deals with the aristocratic §aMongol Princes§!. The §RMongol Ardīn Nam§!, a socialist party inspired by the Bolsheviks, was formed, and began a revolution in 1921 to overthrow §PUngern's§! regime. Due to lack of foreign support, this revolution failed, and the §RMAN§! were forced to go into hiding. Following the death of the §PBogd Khan§! in 1924, the §RMAN§! rebelled again, claiming §PUngern§! no longer held any legitimacy in the country. This revolution was harshly repressed, and the §RMAN§! were forced into hiding once more. In this time, §PUngern§! made deals with the §nRussian§! government, for economic and military support. §PUngern§! was also able to seize Xilingol from the §lChinese§! §aGuominjun§!. §PUngern's§! rule was still shaky, however, and following a series of peasant uprisings in 1930 led primarily by §nBuddhist lamas§!, §PUngern§! purged many high ranking §nlamas§! in his government, destroying much of the support he had accrued over the years.\n\nWith the death of the §PBogd Khan§!, the hunt began for the 9th reincarnation of the Jebtsundamba Khutuktu, who was eventually found in 1933 in Lhasa, Tibet. He was brought to Urga, to be pruned for leadership while §PUngern§! rules as regent until he is old enough.
The Current Situation
In 1936, §PUngern's§! rule remains under threat. Four main cliques dominate Mongolian political society.\n\nThe §PRossiyskaya Voyennaya Klika§! are a clique of White Russian officers under the leadership of §PUngern-Sternberg§!. They focus on cooperation with Russia, military strength and anti-socialism. They currently lead the country, working with the §aNoyodyn Zövlöl§! and the §nBuddyn Zövlöl§!.\n\nThe §aNoyodyn Zövlöl§! is the name of the council of §aMongolian Princes and nobles§!, who had been the country's ruling class for centuries. Focusing on keeping their wealth and power secure, they are de facto led by the Inner Mongolian Prince §aDemchugdongrub§! and are dominated by Inner Mongolian Princes from Xilingol.\n\nThe §nBuddyn Zövlöl§! are a council of high ranking §nBuddhist lamas§! in Mongolia, which was formed following §PUngern's§! purge of §nlamas§! in 1930. Members of the council are fanatic Buddhists who wish to turn Mongolia into a truly theocratic society. They are led by the §n7th Changkya Khutukhtu§!, a high-ranking §nlama§! from Inner Mongolia.\n\nThe §RMongol Ardīn Nam§!, the socialist party who rebelled in 1921 and 1924 remains in hiding, but is still a strong force to be reckoned with. Led by §STseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj§!, they have transformed their image into that of a mass party and therefore have begun advocating for, in a sense, §mmultiparty democracy§!.\n\nMongolia also faces external threats. For many years, border skirmishes have taken place between the Muslim Chinese §PMa Clique§! and Mongolian troops across the border. A similar situation occurs in the §PXinjiang Clique's§! Dzungaria region. The main point of tension is the province of Yushu, which has swapped hands between §aTibet§! and the §PMa Clique§! over the past few years. The province is a powderkeg waiting to explode, and when it does, the opportunity to unite the Mongolian people cannot be ignored.
§MThe Regent Endures§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot After the Western Revolt starts and chaos erupts in Urga, keep paternal autocrat popularity above social democrat, national populist, and authoritarian democrat party popularity.\n\n§MNew Leaf of an Ancient Fiefdom§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot After the Western Revolt starts and chaos erupts in Urga, have authoritarian democrat party popularity be greater than paternal autocrat party popularity and make sure to keep authoritarian democrat party popularity higher than all the others after that.\n\n§MA Regency Steadfast in Buddha's Principles§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot After the Western Revolt starts and chaos erupts in Urga, have national populist party popularity be greater than paternal autocrat party popularity and make sure to keep national populist party popularity higher than all the others after that.\n\n§MFulfilling the Duties of '21 and '24§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot After the Western Revolt starts and chaos erupts in Urga, have social democrat party popularity be greater than paternal autocrat party popularity and make sure to keep social democrat party popularity higher than all the others after that.\n£white_dot To keep Dambadorj in charge of MAN, don't have him take the bribe from the Russian businessman and crush the investigation.\n£white_dot Take the bribe to get Amar to lead the party instead.\n£white_dot If MAN postpones elections, the self coup path will unlock.\n£white_dot If MAN allows elections, the democratic paths will unlock.\n£white_dot To get Demchugdongrub in charge, elect MAK and do the focus Walking a Fine Line Between Titans.
Ja Lama's Bandits Spotted In Western Mongolia
Our nation is regularly plagued by banditry and raiding. Due to its sheer size compared to its minimal population, it is difficult to find these bandits and bring them to justice. However, following Ungern's ascension to power in 1920, he clamped down hard, sending his forces out into the deepest areas of Mongolia to root out bandit groups. The brutality of Ungern's forces have become rather famous in Mongolia, mercilessly torturing and killing any bandits, criminals, or resistance fighters they found. Many outlaws went into hiding, for fear of being executed by what have become known as Ungern's \
We will keep an eye on this.
Bandits Raid Khovd Villages
It appears that the rumours of the Yum-Beise bandits uniting once again are true. There are reports that multiple small nomadic villages just north of Khovd have been raided by the group. By the time some government forces got there to evaluate, the villages were deserted, with most gers being either torn down or in ashes. The bandits could be seen far in the distance, but our forces did not give chase, primarily due to the immense size of the group. The party was reportedly an extremely large size, and worse still, in the rubble of the villages, flags and text of the banned Mongol Ardīn Nam were found. Perhaps this is not mere banditry.
This is a one time thing, right?
Bandits Defeat Local Militia
Following the raids on nearby villages, a local tribal chief decided to act. He gathered a small force of militia from nearby tribes and villages, armed with whatever weapons they owned, mostly sword or archaic rifles, and travelled out to confront them. 100 men marched with him, and hopes were high. It was assumed there would be little proper resistance, and the bandit party would disperse at the first sign of a battle\n\nIt was a massacre. Only a few of the chief's men on horseback were able to make it out of the confrontation alive. These survivors told stories of how the group was massive, perhaps over a thousand men, armed with rifles smuggled in from Russia and China. One of the survivors even claims that he saw multiple figures, like MAN military leader Damdin Sükhbaatar, warlord Ja Lama and even Genghis Khan himself. Though some of these reports can be disregarded as simple madness, the fact that Damdin Sükhbaatar was even mentioned next to legendary figures like Genghis Khan is worrying.
Are we blind? Deploy the Khovd garrison!
Khovd City Guard Lay Down Arms
After sending out an official command to the garrison in Khovd, we received a peculiar response. The leading officer stationed in Khovd has sent us a message, stating:\n\n\
What is going on?
The Western Revolt
The situation in the west is far worse than we could have imagined. Over the past few years the western region of the country has grown heavily dependent on aid and investment from Russia. With Russian withdrawal of aid, and many Russian businessmen pulling out their investments, the economy of the west collapsed. With that, Lamas, power-hungry warlords, and the socialist Mongol Ardīn Nam swept in and gained mass support, and formed a loose anti-government coalition. Now, earlier today, the mayors of Uliastai and Khovd have declared their allegiance to the rebels, and have dismissed any pro-Ungern officials from their administrations.\n\nIt appears we have lost control of the west of the country, and though our military strength is far greater than that of the rebels, the chaos this revolt will cause gives Ungern's opponents in Urga the chance to dismantle his regime.
These rebels must be crushed!
The Battle of Ulaangom
Following the start of the Western Revolt, the town of Ulaangom, north of Khovd and on the border with Tuva, declared their allegiance to the rebels. However, a government-owned military base was very nearby, and upon hearing of the revolt, began a march to Ulaangom to retake it for Ungern's government.\n\nAfter hearing of the march of pro-government troops, the local leader of the Mongol Ardīn Nam, the school teacher Banzarjavyn Baasanjav, hastily invigorated the peasants of the town to fight to defend it. They quickly put up makeshift barricades, and were supplied with weapons from a Tuvan merchant who was travelling through the town to deliver Russian weapons to Khovd. As the government forces began to approach, Baasanjav gave one last inspirational speech to the peasants, talking of how it was likely they would be defeated, but it was worth it for the greater cause. However, in a surprising twist, the peasants of Ulaangom were able to fend off the government forces, with much of the town being destroyed in the process. News of this surprise victory is travelling fast, with the MAN revolutionaries trying to push this as a Mongolian victory against its Russian oppressors, and with pro-government military commanders realising they cannot underestimate the strength of the rebels.
Damn.
Demchugdongrub Meets With Noyodyn Zövlöl
An emergency meeting of the Noyodyn Zövlöl, fronted by the aristocratic prince Demchugdongrub, has taken place today. The Mongol princes play a large part in our government, and we received large amounts of wealth from taxes on their land and wealth. It is likely the princes are fearful of the Western Revolt, with it being a threat to their power. However, perhaps there is something more to this. Prince Demchugdongrub has not made it a secret that he believes Ungern's stewardship of the regency has caused numerous flagging issues. Whether he intends to push for Ungern's replacement, or continue to support him, insofar as the Baron is concerned, it is undecipherable at the present.
This is suspicious...
The Buddyn Zövlöl demand we allocate funds to repair raided monasteries
The Buddyn Zövlöl, the Buddhist council who are suspected of directly funding Lamas currently taking part in the Western Revolt, have sent our government an official demand that more funding is allocated to monastery repair and protection in the west. With that region of the country in chaos, they state that it is the government's duty to protect the institutions that are the key of Mongolian society. However, the amount of funding they demand is ridiculous, and it would be a massive burden to raise it by ourselves.
We cannot spare the money.
Set aside some funds to get it done.
Tax the nobility to afford the cost.
Bandits Burn Altai City, Hundreds Homeless
A group of bandits in the west have completely destroyed Altai City, raiding it for food and money, then razing the buildings to the ground. This has left hundreds of people without homes or food. It is our duty to try to help these people, but there are issues, primarily with securing the money for the aid and getting it to the people safely. Our main source of money currently is from the nobles and monasteries' treasuries, but continuing to take their money will lead to further disdain from them. There is another option, however. We could also secretly send the aid to the MAN rebels, who will reach Altai. Although it will make MAN look like the heroes, it will possibly save the lives of hundreds of people, or at least dissuade some of them from joining the rebellion.
This isn't our problem.
Seize nobles' money to pay for aid.
Secretly cooperate with MAN to get the people aid.
Chaos in the Capital!
With the Western Revolt in full swing, and rebels controlling key cities in the region, most of the army and senior military commanders have been forced to leave Urga. The modern Mongolian army is dominated at higher levels with Russian staff, who hold extreme loyalty to Ungern and are members of his informal RVK. The loyalty of these key army figures is one of the main reasons Ungern was able to remain influential, besides the consent from the 1st Bogd Khan.\n\nThe issue for Ungern is obvious. With most of the RVK leaving Urga to deal with the west, opposing political factions are finally seeing their chance to act. The Mongol Ardīn Nam have always had a strong presence in Urga, and there are rumours that many senior MAN officials like Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj and Anandyn Amar have travelled to the city. Both the Buddyn Zövlöl and the Mongol princes hold great influence in our government, and both stand ready to take over if given the chance. Ungern must walk a fine line between the factions if he is to survive the next few months...
The Baron has survived a Civil War, he can survive this!
Monastery destroyed in siege
After a minor skirmish just outside Khovd between government forces and some rebel peasants, a nearby lama gave them refuge in his monastery. Government troops demanded the lama relinquish the rebels, but he refused, and the peasants opened fire from inside the monastery. The government troops were able to defeat the rebels, but by the time the skirmish was over the lama was dead and the monastery had half collapsed. The Buddyn Zövlöl heard the news, and have requested we set aside funds to immediately begin the reconstruction of the monastery.
We can't deal with that.
Seize nobles' wealth to pay for repairs.
We will find the funds somewhere...
Rebels take Ulaangom
After weeks of fighting and battles in the west, government troops are beginning to beat the rebels and bandits down. A couple of battalions have been laying siege to Khovd for a few days, their numbers bolstered by peasants tired of the chaos. Due to this, the road to the new centre of the rebellion, Uliastai, has been blocked, and some of the more organised rebels have been cut off. Instead of trying to defend Khovd, these rebels have instead moved into the lightly defended neighbouring village of Ulaangom, and have easily taken the village. It will have to be reclaimed before the rebellion is beaten.
Damn.
Uliastai Becomes the Epicentre
With Khovd falling back into government hands a few days ago, Uliastai has officially become the centre of the continued revolt. It has become clear the city will have to be soundly retaken before the rebellion is actually beaten, as it is necessary for the administration of the western region.
We cannot let this stand.
Chahars clash with settled Khalkha Mongols
Mongolia is a nation made up of many ethnicities who all fall under the title of Mongolian. Though Khalkha Mongols make up the majority of the overall population, the west is dominated by different tribes of Oirats, and in Xilingol in Inner Mongolia, society is dominated by the Chahar Mongols. There has been animosity between Khalkha and Chahar Mongols in the region for decades for many reasons, most recently because a majority of Xu Shuzheng's force that occupied Mongolia in 1919 were Chahar Mongols, who treated the Khalkha Mongols extremely poorly. With some of the peacekeeping military leaders of the region being forced to move to the west, tensions have flared in Xilingol once again, with Chahars and Khalkha groups clashing, and banditry from both sides increasing.
Are we not all Mongolian?
The Rebels are Losing Ground
As expected, following a few months of open revolt in the west, the rebels are losing ground fast. With most of their forces moving to the cities and towns, government forces were easily able to crush any stragglers left behind. Victory against the rebels in the west could be only weeks away, so we must secure our position politically.
Excellent.
Bandits Crush Nomadic Village
With the rebels losing ground, many of the small rebel cells have begun to get more extreme. A large group of refugees have just reached the recently retaken Khovd, telling stories of how their nomadic village had been pillaged by bandits and outlaws. This has occurred multiple times now in Khovd, and it is becoming clear the city will need funding to be able to house and feed the influx of refugees from the steppes.
We can spare the help.
Khovd can handle itself.
Pay assistance with nobles money.
Hunger Riot in Urga
With government focus being on the Western Revolt and the political clashes in Urga, the people of the city have been forgotten. With shipments being raided by bandits and roads in disrepair, the poorest of the city are beginning to starve. Now, riots are beginning to break out in the poorest areas of the city, and if we are to remedy this we must send out some forces to protect food shipments, and distribute more expensive food to the lower classes.
The princes will pay for it.
Force the monks to deal with it.
Put it down with force.
Wait it out.
Rezukhin in Mörön
Boris Rezukhin, Ungern's right-hand man since the days of the Asiatic Cavalry Division, has been in the dark as to the happenings across the country for months. When revolt broke out in the west, Ungern sent him to Mörön to act as a bulwark against revolutionary activity spreading across the country. However, the roads between Mörön and Urga are poor at the best of times, and with bandit activity plaguing the nation, the government has been unable to communicate with him in weeks. We have finally learned what happened in the city, with some merchants travelling to Urga from Mörön, bringing stories of how the city became a hotbed for revolutionary activity, and Rezukhin implemented extremely brutal measures to crush it. Having long been a loose cannon, it would appear that his actions have hurt the regency's reputation.
\
Lamas Support the Buddyn Zövlöl
Though political chaos has engulfed Urga for months now, the lamas of the most notable monasteries have remained silent on which side they support. Though the Gandantegchinlen Monastery currently houses the 7th Changkya Khutukhtu, the lamas there have so far refused to pledge their support for him. However, just this morning, many of the lamas of the main monasteries in Urga have declared their support for the Buddyn Zövlöl, stating that they should solely lead the country, to keep Mongolian Buddhism safe.
So they have finally placed their lots?
Rebels bomb major buildings in Urga
With the government still locked in a political battle for Urga, many of the peasants in the city are suffering and feeling neglected. Crime has skyrocketed, and in response many peasants have begun taking part in terrorist activities. Early in the morning today, multiple bombs went off next to government buildings in Urga, including police stations, the Russian Consulate and a factory. The treasury remains low, but repairs for these buildings is urgently needed.
The Nobles will pay.
The lamas will pay.
The peasants will pay.
The army can provide free labour.
Attacks on nobles in the streets of Urga
Peasants in Urga have also begun attacking some of the princes in the city, breaking into their estates, stealing their valuables and in some extreme examples even killing them. This is causing the aristocratic class to lose support in our government.
It is callous, but one can hardly shed a tear.
MAN Support Growing
With the peasantry in Urga suffering due to the chaos, many have decided to join the socialist Mongol Ardīn Nam, feeling like the MAN are the only group truly representing their needs. MAN recruiters travel the streets, conscripting peasants of the city to join their cause.
They should understand their place.
Scouts Around Uvs
Though Uvs province was taken by rebel troops, our scouts have been able to get a good idea of the rebels there, fortified in the town of Ulaangom. They are facing harsh resistance in the city from the population, who tend to have close connections with the Tuvans and the Kazakhs on the Russian side of the border. Therefore, the rebels are struggling to keep hold of the city as our troops approach from Khovd.
March!
Siege of Ulaangom
The troops that were marching to Ulaangom from Khovd have arrived, and the situation for the rebels has improved, if only a little. To take advantage of the resistance against the rebel forces before it disappears, some officers are saying our troops should just charge the city, trust the chaos and swiftly take the city. Other officers, who are more wary and saw the success of a prolonged siege at Khovd, are saying a similar approach should be taken, and if troops surround the city and starve it out, the rebels will be forced to give up.
Charge the city!
Prepare for a siege to starve them out.
Government Troops Take Ulaangom
Government troops charged into the city, fighting off an initial wave of rebels and quickly arming the local resistance fighters. After that, it became a case of going street by street, house by house, clearing out any leftover rebels. Though the city has been retaken, many streets are more rubble than street, and the costs will be high to repair the broken city.
At least it was taken.
Siege of Ulaangom
After over a week of sieging Ulaangom, the situation has changed. The rebels that currently have the city have been able to crush the resistance from inside. However, they are just beginning to feel the pain of lacking supplies, after we were able to stop multiple food shipments are reinforcements. Some of our more impatient officers are claiming that it is taking too long, and that now is the time to push into the city. Others are saying that if we keep the siege going a few more weeks, the rebels will give up without a fight.
Charge the city!
Continue the siege.
Government Troops Take Ulaangom
Government troops charged into the city, fighting off an initial wave of rebels, who put up surprisingly decent resistance. After that, it became a case of going street by street, house by house, clearing out any leftover rebels. Government troops were spread very thin, and so they rebels were easily able to strike and take out troops. After the day, the city was taken, but much of it had become rubble throughout the day. Costs to repair the city will be high, and the state of the city will no doubt lose us support.
At least it was taken.
Rebels Give Up Ulaangom
After being trapped in the city of Ulaangom for almost a month by government troops, the rebels who had taken it today left the city without their weapons, conceding the city. Without any reinforcements or supplies, the rebels were unable to feed the city, and many even began to die of disease. Their weapons were broken and they lacked reinforcements, so they'd rather become our prisoners than try to hold the city any longer. Ulaangom has been taken without a fight.
Excellent.
Siege of Uliastai
Now that we have amassed a large force of troops a couple miles away from Uliastai, it is time to take back the city. The question remains, however, how it is to be done.
Surround the city to starve out the enemy.
Move the division into the city to attack head on.
Send in a diplomat to try to discuss the issue.
Rebels forced out of the city
What a success! With the city surrounded the bandits were forced to eventually try to escape, an escape that failed due to the strength of our force.
Exactly as planned.
Rebels escape Uliastai, leaving hundreds dead
With the city surrounded, the bandits were forced to try to escape the city, which they eventually did as they were attacked by our troops. However, the rebels found a weak spot in our lines, and pushed through it, leaving many dead and the rebels having escaped.
At least we have the city back.
Rebels wiped out in Uliastai
With our force moving head on into Uliastai, we were able to wipe the bandits out of Uliastai. However, in the crossfire, many civilians were killed.
At least we have the city back.
Rebels leave the city, but much of our force was lost
When we attacked head on into the city, we did not at all expect the resistance we were going to face. A massive battle ensued, with many civilians caught in the crossfire. The city is in ruins, over a thousand dead, but at least the city is ours.
Good enough.
Rebels execute diplomat in Uliastai
Earlier today, Urzhin Garmaev, leading the siege of Uliastai, received a package from the rebels in the city. It was expected this was to be a large sum of money with a request to leave them be and let them escape, or perhaps news of the success of our diplomat. Instead, when Urzhin opened the box, all he found was the bloodied head of the diplomat, its dead eyes staring right back at him. Now, it is clear these rebels do not want a peaceful resolution.
Surround the city to starve out the enemy.
Move the division into the city to attack head on.
Buddyn Zövlöl Takes Power
The Buddyn Zövlöl, the colloquial council of Buddhist lamas, have seized power in Urga. Though they now hold de-jure control of the nation, their influence outside Urga remains limited, and they will have to act fast if they are to keep their power.
To preserve sanctity!
Ungern Retakes Power
Ungern-Sternberg has retaken power in Urga. Though he now holds de-jure control of the nation, his influence outside Urga remains limited, and he will have to act fast if he are to keep his power
This will make for a wonderful ballad...
Noyodyn Zövlöl Take Power
The aristocratic Mongol Princes, under the leadership of Prince Demchugdongrub, have seized power in Urga. Though they now hold de-jure control of the nation, their influence outside Urga remains limited, and they will have to act fast if they are to keep their power.
Primacy of the Nobility!
Mongol Ardīn Nam Takes Power
The socialist Mongol Ardīn Nam have seized power in Urga. Though they now hold de-jure control of the nation, their influence outside Urga remains limited, and they will have to act fast if they are to keep their power.
Workers of Mongolia, Unite!
Ungern loyalists march toward Urga
After we were able to seize power of the government, Ungern and his loyal troops escaped. Now, after mustering his power in a village nearby, he and his troops are coming back to retake the city. His army, a mix of Mongols, Russians, and Chinese soldiers number over a thousand troops. With most of the national army in the west, and unwilling to recognise our authority, we only have the power of the civilians and the hastily established revolutionary militia to defend the city.
Call on civilians to resist, and march in the militia.
Call on the citizens to resist these traitors!
Lay down our arms, no need for a massacre.
Ungern loyalists destroyed
Finally, after much fighting and many casualties, Ungern has been driven out, and his troops have been repulsed. Urga is ours, for now.
The people of Urga want change!
Ungern loyalists have captured Urga!
After little fighting, Ungern and his troops were able to take back the city. Though most of our officials have escaped, we are unlikely to be seen as the real government without power in Urga.
Power tips towards the Baron once more.
Re-evaluation of Monastery funding
With the power now in the people's hands, and with Mongolia modernising every day, one key thing to evaluate is the funding the monasteries receive from the government. The monasteries, though an important aspect of Mongolia, are a very traditional aspect of the nation. Many lamas in recent times have begun to push anti-government propaganda, either harbouring back to Ungern's regency or even supporting the now defunct Buddyn Zövlöl. Some in our government state that funding for the monasteries should be reduced, for they harbour sentiments of authoritarianism and traditionalism. Others in government argue that for now, it might be best to keep the lamas on our side, and to leave the funding where it is, or even increase it.
Keep the Monasteries on our side.
Give the money to the people!
The lamas may be a good ally, let's give them more funding.
The Palace Coup
Wu Heling was elected to government thanks to his moderate position, and ability to win over the people no matter their creed. Now, discussions have begun throughout the party as to whether he is the right man to lead. Many individuals in the aristocracy do not hold Wu in high regard, and mostly see him as a young upstart, the last remnant of Prince Gung's influence. Even worse, many radical figures in MAN, or the Inner Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party, have begun an onslaught of political campaigns against Wu's \
The Princes remain aloof amongst the power struggle.
Princes Ta and A. fight back against the despots!
Review the Budget
Throughout Ungern's years as regent of the Bogd Khanate, spending increased massively. The country's economy is weak, and changes must be made. Ungern began massive military projects, all of which cost massive amounts. We, the aristocrats, were taxed massively to pay the bill. Of course, aristocrat taxes have already been cut massively, and to offset this we could increase the tax on the poor majority of the nation, the arats. Perhaps, we could even begin a tax policy on the monasteries.
Cut military spending.
Raise Arat tax.
Implement Monastery tax.
Assassination attempt on Ungern-Sternberg!
While riding his horse in a parade through Urga, a sudden noise deafened the crowd. A shot that echoed throughout the city, missing Baron Ungern by two inches. The assassin, a twenty three year old man, was shot almost immediately. The crowd dispersed in a panic as civilians were forced out of the centre of the city. After the carnage had calmed down, the assassin had been identified as a member of the Mongol Ardīn Nam, however many peasants in Urga claim this to be fabricated by the government. Though the Baron survived, this attempt showed weakness, and the chaos that emerged as a result of can't be good for our popularity.
At least the Baron survived.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Wishes to Re-establish Relations
Russia and Mongolia have not been on the best terms in recent times. Regardless, the Mongolians have sent a diplomatic mission our way to renegotiate better relations. This could be an opportunity to retain our foothold in China, even if the new government likely won't be as subservient to our interests.
Allies are always good.
Who's to say they will not turn on us again?
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Agrees
The Russian government has responded warmly to our offer, saying that they will offer us economic assistance as well as protection.
Excellent.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses
The Russian government has denied our rapprochement, citing unnamed concerns of sincerity on our part. We will have to look elsewhere for allies.
Unfortunate.
Diplomatic Mission from Mongolia
Mongolia, lead by the religious clergyman, the [MON.GetLeader], has recently sent us a diplomatic mission. Due to both of our nations being major homes for Buddhism, the Mongolian diplomats have stated that they wish to see our nations grow closer, through guarantees and military access. They await our answer.
We Buddhist nations must stick together!
We are better off alone.
The Western Revolt has finally been crushed
After many months of fighting in the west of the nation, between bandits, rebels, and government troops, the revolt has been crushed. Most rebels have dispersed, gone into hiding or fled the country, fearing for their lives. Order has come out on top, and the country is secure. However, there are still some small bandit groups, taking advantage of the destruction. They will have to be dealt with.
At last, the nation is safe.
The Offer
Today, we received a letter from a few of the bandit leaders in the west. In the letter, it said that their groups do not have any stake in what has developed. They came for simple banditry, but it has turned into all out rebellion. The letter goes on to say that although their groups continues to fight in the west, they would be willing to stop, if given some money and supplies. It is a large amount of money, which we will need to find, but it will help reduce the size of the chaos in the west.
Use the nobles' money to pay the bribe.
Sell off some of the monasteries' jewels to pay it.
Raise taxes on the poor to pay the bribe.
Reduce military funding to pay the bribe.
We will not negotiate with these bandits!
The bandit leader takes the bribe
The bandit leaders have taken our offer, and have decided to end their operations in the west. In these times of brutal battle, good news like this should be celebrated, but a quiet drink is all [MON.GetLeader] had time for, before having to return to keeping Urga in his hands.
That'll reduce their forces.
Power Struggle in the Ma Clique
For many years, the Ma Clique has been led by family elder Ma Fuxiang. In the Clique, he was seen as a pillar of stability, who would stop any power struggle occurring between the very divided Ma families. Many in China even see him as the stabiliser of the Northwest, ending Tibetan and our own aggression into Chinese soil.\n\nHowever, news has just reached us that Ma Fuxiang has passed away. Currently he has been replaced by Ma Lin, but another Ma, Ma Bufang, is already embroiled in a power struggle with Lin. This could be a perfect opportunity to take advantage of the Ma Clique's weakened position.
Good to know.
Zhamyangiyn Lhagvasuren gathers force on the Ulanqab border
Mongolian general Zhamyangiyn Lhagvasuren has generally stayed uninvolved with the power struggles happening currently in Urga. For years, he has continued to serve the Mongolian military dutifully, having been educated in Russia. Ensuring a continued presence through the region of Inner Mongolia, he has managed to muster a large force on the border of the Ma Clique. With official permission, as he has inquired to, he will commit to a punitive expedition to test Ma defences.
Let the border raids begin.
Mongolian border raids from Suiyuan
Ever since the death of family patriarch Ma Fuxiang, tensions on both the northern and southern border have been getting worse and worse. Border Raids from Mongolia, primarily in the province of Suiyuan, have caused much chaos over the recent weeks. This is not wholly unexpected, though we should be prepared for if this escalates further.
This is fine.
Lhagvasuren makes his choice
With his large force moving through Ulanqab, a thought occurred to Lhagvasuren. If he was to take Guisui, he would have de facto control of the province. With the Mas struggling with internal conflict, it should not be too difficult to move his force through the region and to take the city. Now, it is whether he decides to do it or not.
It's too risky.
Lhagvasuren, do it.
Large Mongolian force moving to Guisui
Some of our scouts have reported a large force of Mongolian soldiers moving toward the main city of Suiyuan, Guisui. Should the Mongols take it, they will have de facto control of the whole region. Though there is a garrison in Guisui, many fear it will not be enough to beat the quickly approaching Mongols. Ma Hongkui is currently in the region with his force, so he may be able to fight them off.
The garrison will hold.
Send a force under Ma Hongkui.
Mongolian general Lhagvasuren takes Guisui
The Mongolian general Lhagvasuren, who led the large Mongol force through Suiyuan, has been able to defeat any Ma forces in the area and has taken Guisui. There, he declared it now under Mongolian control. However, we can still act. Ma Hongbin is also now in the area, and could move his own forces up to try to retake the city.
We cannot act, leave Suiyuan.
Send a force under Ma Hongbin.
We have taken Ulanqab!
After Lhagvasuren began to move toward Guisui to take Ulanqab, he was met with surprisingly little resistance from the Ma Clique. Though he had to fight some small battles with border troops, and had to fight through the Guisui garrison, for now it seems the Ma Clique have retreated from Ulanqab. Finally, Mongolian families have been reunited, and Mongolian rule in the region has been restored.
Good work Lhagvasuren.
Ma Hongkui loses
Ma Hongkui's forces travelled for a day and a night to finally reach the Mongolian force. In the early hours of the morning, Ma Hongkui sent in his soldiers to attack the Mongolians, who looked like they were just camping. However, it was a trap! After Hongkui sent his main force in, a group of Mongolian cavalry had snuck behind and attacked on the back lines, at the same time as the battle going on at the front. Ma Hongkui's force was caught in the middle, and beaten. Hongkui was able to make his escape, but he lost the battle, and the Mongol force has almost reached Guisui.
A repeat of the Five Roads War?
Mongol raiders beaten in Suiyuan
After much fighting between our forces and theirs, in the end, our forces were able to beat the Mongolian force back to the border. For now, Suiyuan remains in our hands.
This must be an omen for things to come.
Lhagvasuren beaten
After almost being able to take Guisui from the Ma Clique, Lhagvasuren and his force have been beaten back to Xilingol. They fought hard, but were unable to beat the better trained and better armed Chinese troops. For now, Ulanqab remains in their hands.
They're stronger than we fought.
Ma Hongbin has lost, Mongolians take Guisui
Ma Hongbin decided to try to go for a full frontal attack against the Mongolian force with his own force, to avoid being scouted and routed by the Mongols. Therefore he charged directly at the city, but by that point he had already fallen into Lhagvasuren's trap. From behind hills on both sides of his force emerged groups of Mongol cavalry, who pincered Hongbin's forces, leaving them with 2 options: either retreat and concede the city, or move into the city and try to take it, then deal with the outside cavalry afterwards. In this critical moment, Hongbin decided to push through to try to take the city. However, much of his force had already started to retreat, seeing the city as a death sentence. With that, Ma Hongbin's weakened group were forced to retreat. It seems Suiyuan has now fallen into Mongol hands.
How exactly could they best us? Again?
Peasant Rebellion in Urga
In Urga, many peasants, after learning of the sweeping laws implemented to massively increase the power of bosses and nobles, while also destroying their own rights, has decided to take up arms and join the Mongol Ardīn Nam. Battle continues to rage in the streets, and the poorer regions of the city are in MAN control.
They needn't struggle.
Ungern's Generals Escape to Russia
Following the overthrow of Baron Roman Ungern-Sternberg's government in Mongolia, he and many of his non-Mongolian associates were forced to flee the country. Ungern and his generals, Mikhail Tornovsky and Boris Rezukhin, were able to cross the border and escape to Irkutsk. Together with them is Nikolay Kazagrandi, who was sent as attaché to Mongolia in 1931 and serves as something of a liaison between Sternberg and us. They have written a letter to [RUS.GetLeader], offering their services to the Russian army.
We welcome them in the army.
Welcome back Kazagrandi, but the others will not be reinstated.
Chaos in Moscow
News from Moscow: Viktor Chernov, current Leader of the Opposition, has been shot dead in the Senate. During the tenure of his predecessors, we were able to broker many economic and military deals, allowing our extremely weak economy to grow - deals that were maintained by the current President Boris Savinkov out of pragmatism. Although regretfully Chernov and his ilk, the Socialist Revolutionaries, are closet Bolsheviks, they nonetheless kept the \
Their assistance is vital.
Economic and Military Assistance from Russia has been \
What we have feared has come true. We have just received word from the current Russian administration that they have decided to temporarily end their military and economic aid to our nation. Without it, we will only suffer.
A disaster!
Jamsrangiin Tseveen Splits from MAN!
Jamsrangiin Tseveen has been a high ranking member of the MAN for many years, after working in universities in Siberia. He even organised and distributed the first newspaper in Mongolia. However, he has always ranked on the more right wing of the party. On multiple occasions he has argued with Soliin Danzan, and other high ranking MAN members. It is, therefore, no surprise that Tseveen has decided to split from the party, citing the recent leadership struggle as evidence of the party's corruption. His popularity and intelligence cannot be underestimated.
It is a loss for MAN.
Wu Heling Pushes Forward!
Wu Heling, sometimes known by his Mongolian name Ünenbayan, is a young Inner Mongolian aristocrat, friends with Prince Demchugdongrub. During the Western Revolt he travelled to Urga to aid Demchugdongrub in trying to take power, but encourage a more peaceful and democratic solution. Following the Democratic Revolution, Wu Heling lobbied to end the discrimination against the nobles and tried to slow the peasants power rise. Now, seeing weakness in the MAN, he has decided to place his own association at the forefront, to bring a more conservative and noble democratic Mongolia.
A democracy must have its parties.
Concern about Upcoming Elections
Since completing the Constitution and fully transforming into a democratic nation, there has been one small stickler: elections. Though most people agree that elections should take place to fully become a democratic nation, some major figures in the party have spoken of how elections threaten our rule. With the creation of the MAK, people fear allowing elections will pull us back to a nation dominated by the aristocracy. Perhaps it might be best to, for now, postpone the elections so that something may be decided.
Elections will go ahead as planned.
Maybe we can postpone them for now.
Tseveen and Wu Heling criticise the government
Due to our decision to postpone the elections, both Jamsrangiin Tseveen, leader of the MLN, and Wu Heling, leader of the MAK, have come out in direct opposition to us. Both of the men held speeches in different areas in Urga, generally speaking about the same things: the lack of elections when they had been planned, and no issued date as to when the postponing of the elections will end. Both of them even compared us to the dictator Ungern-Sternberg! Ironic, seeing as the Wu Heling's aristocratic friends were the ones helping keep the Baron's government alive. However, their reaction to this is unsurprising. What is surprising is the reaction of the people. It appears, though we were the most likely to win the election, it appears the people still wanted to be able to make the choice. For now, though, no dangerous resistance has begun, but we must stay vigilant.
Who cares what these traitors have to say.
[GetYear] Election
Finally it is time for the first election in Mongolia. Turnout was high in all the major cities, as people flocked to vote for the first time. The question of who has won has yet to be answered.
MAN victory.
MLN victory.
MAK victory.
[GetYear] Election
It is once more time for elections in Mongolia. Turnout was high in all the major cities, as people flocked to vote and keep Mongolian democracy alive. The question of who has won has yet to be answered.
MAN victory.
MLN victory.
MAK victory.
Elections scheduled
Following the creation of our great Constitution, elections are the next key step in proving our legitimacy. Therefore, [MON.GetLeader] has announced that elections have been scheduled in 90 days time, and already the parties have began campaigning. Due to the massive size of the nation compared to the population, the only area where turnout will be high is some of the main cities and Urga itself. Jamsrangiin Tseveen, leader of the MLN, has declared he will do a tour around the Urga area, meeting with the poor and suffering. In contrast, Wu Heling is instead holding meetings with many major nobles and aristocrats, as he is their main candidate.
Democracy in action.
Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj makes a speech in Urga
\
Glory to Mongolia!
Teachings from the 7th Changkya Khutukhtu
\
Glory to Mongolia!
Amar Questions Dambadorj's Loyalty
In a speech in the recently empowered State Great Khural, Anandyn Amar, member of the MAN, held a speech questioning the current leadership. In this speech, he claimed that Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj has lead the MAN through nepotism, and that Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj is nothing more than a spy for the Japanese. Though these comments were very controversial, due to Amar's support in the party, we will have to let this slide for now.
He is a poor judge of character.
Radical Ideas in the Party
With our power recently elevated to the nation stage, the party has begun to split in terms of policy. In the past, the party's only goal had been gaining power. Now, the ideological divides of the party are beginning to show. The party is generally split between the more moderate members, led by Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj, and the more radical members, led by Bat-Ochiryn Eldev-Ochir and Ölziin Badrakh. Anandyn Amar commands his own clique in the party, made up of less radical leftists and the stronger Mongol nationalists. Though this group of radicals is still a minor force in the party, it destabilises our leadership in a time when we sorely need stability. They also have made it clear that they are willing to give their support to Anandyn Amar, if he should need it against Dambadorj.
Party debate is what democracy is about.
Chagdarjav Begins Investigating Dambadorj
Dambyn Chagdarjav was one of the men who founded the Mongol Ardīn Nam, with Dogsomyn Bodoo and others. Though Chagdarjav has been colleagues for many years with DAmbadorj, it has not stopped the two from battling for power for control of the party, a battle Dambadorj won. Chagdarjav was almost purged from the party, along with his co-conspirator Dogsomyn Bodoo, however, Dambadorj decided to pardon the men, due to the extremely weak position the MAN were in after another failed revolution, and his familial connection with Bodoo.\n\nHowever, it appears Chagdarjav is back to his old tricks. Today, he announced to the party that he was going to begin an investigation of Dambadorj into any \
There is nothing to find.
Elbegdorj Argues with Dambadorj
Rinchingiin Elbegdorj, a leader of the left wing of the party and friend of Anandyn Amar, recently got into an argument with Prime Minister Dambadorj about socialism. Elbegdorj, in front of many other party members, openly stated that the transition to socialism was taking far too long under Dambadorj, and that perhaps Dambadorj is not entirely loyal to the Mongolian State. Dambadorj, of course, argued back that the transition was happening as fast as was possible, and that the left wing policies of Elbegdorj were dangerous for the party. This seemed to stir much anger against Dambadorj, with multiple other leftist party members joined in at arguing with Dambadorj. It seems party unity is worse than imagined.
Other opinions can be good.
Anandyn Amar Discusses Investigation
Recently, thanks to one of our spies in Amar's clique, we discovered a meeting between Amar and Dambyn Chagdarjav, who is still currently investigating Dambadorj over his foreign ties. Apparently, the meeting lasted for multiple hours, with Amar himself stating it was \
Just politicians politicking, I'm sure.
Russian Businessman Approaches Dambadorj
A Russian businessman, who recently travelled here on the Trans-Siberian Railway all the way from Moscow, has recently made contact with our government, stating his interest in opening a factory in Urga. With the large sum of money he brought with him, construction could start immediately. However, due to the nature of the request, it would have to go through the bureaucracy of Urga, through the many committees and groups created to regulate business like this, and the foreign affairs committee. The businessman has stated that he does not wish to wait possibly months for construction to start, so he has offered us a large bribe if we are able to sidestep these committees and begin construction immediately.
The project will go ahead.
It is illegal, and therefore it shall not happen.
Chagdarjav comes out with evidence of Dambadorj bypassing laws for Russian companies
Dambyn Chagdarjav has today concluded his investigation on Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj, finding that he in fact did have dangerous links to foreign business. In his report, he states that he recently discovered a deal between Dambadorj and a Russian businessman, where Dambadorj took a bribe to allow the immediate construction of a new factory in Urga, bypassing the rest of the government to fill his own coffers. His report was also filled with much evidence, showing that perhaps that Russian businessman was in fact working for Chagdarjav against Dambadorj! Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj has made no response to the claims as of yet. The next meeting of the State Great Khural, scheduled for tomorrow, will definitely be an eventful one.
It seems power is shifting...
Anandyn Amar and Elbegdorj coup Dambadorj
In the Great State Khural today, Anandyn Amar, flanked either side by Rinchingiin Elbegdorj and Dambyn Chagdarjav, made a speech damning Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj, citing the report Chagdarjav released just yesterday. As his speech went on, members of the Great State Khural began to yell and shout about \
We must remain vigilant of future corruption.
Chagdarjav Releases Evidence of Dambadorj Corruption
Dambyn Chagdarjav has today concluded his investigation on Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj, finding that he in fact did have dangerous links to foreign business. In his report, he claims that he recently discovered a deal between Dambadorj and a Russian businessman, where Dambadorj took a bribe to allow the immediate construction of a new factory in Urga, bypassing the rest of the government to fill his own coffers. However, there is a serious lack of evidence in the report, with some party members suspicious whether this is all faked or not. Dambadorj has come out against these claims, stating that though he was contacted by a Russian businessman recently, he declined the bribe and sent the man away. It has become obvious what this is: a grab for power against Dambadorj. Though we can have Chagdarjav arrested for his fake claims, it will show us as dictators. What may be best is if we get Dansranbilegiin Dogsom, currently a neutral member of the MAN, to investigate these claims himself, to show that we are a just society.
Dogsom can investigate these claims.
These need no investigating, arrest Chagdarjav.
Amar Meets with Dogsom
Just today, we have received information from one of our informants that Anandyn Amar had a secret meeting with Dansranbilegiin Dogsom. Though we do not know exactly what the meeting was about, it is clear this cannot be good. The next meeting of the State Great Khural, scheduled for tomorrow, is bound to be an eventful one.
Dogsom may not be as helpful as first hoped...
Amar and Elbegdorj Flee the Capital
Following the successful arrest of Dambyn Chagdarjav, following his fake claims against Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj, Anandyn Amar and Rinchingiin Elbegdorj were seen this morning fleeing the capital, fearing their own arrest. From some of our reports, they plan to lay low for a few weeks in a small village nearby, while the heat around them dies down. With this, it seems Dambadorj's power is secure.
The leadership is safe.
Wu Heling approaches nobles for support
Reports have just come in that Wu Heling has recently held a large meeting with many of the major aristocrats in the nation, including the likes of the traitor Prince Demchugdongrub. Though a warrant is still out for the princes arrest, he is still able to exert his influence through Wu Heling.
Traitors discussing with traitors.
Government buildings in Urga bombed in the night
In the middle of the night, multiple explosions were heard going off in the centre of Urga. Multiple buildings, including police stations and minor government offices, were damaged by bombs, set off by terrorists. Though no one died, multiple people were injured. These terrorists were sadly able to escape, hiding in the slums of Urga. Though opposition to our rule had begun to grow due to our recent postponing of the elections, nothing on this scale was expected. This was obviously an attack planned by one of the opposing party's, to try to pressure us to pursue elections. Perhaps they are right; before any more people are hurt, we could end the danger right now by planning elections. This may be our last chance to push for elections to safely. However, perhaps it is better to serve justice and discredit our opponents, and claim one of them planned it.
Publicly blame Wu Heling and the MAK.
Publicly blame Tseveen and the MLN.
End the violence, set up elections.
Wu Heling releases statement against claim
In a statement released by Wu Heling today, he states:\n\n\
We stand by it.
Tseveen publicly supports Wu Heling
In a statement by Jamsrangiin Tseveen, written in his Niislel Khüreenii sonin bichig newspaper, he has stated that he fully supports Wu Heling's claims against our government, and says he is willing to fight side by side with Wu Heling to make sure we are brought to justice.
Their support grows.
Violent riot put down in Urga
With tensions growing in Urga over the past few weeks, they were bound to spill over, as they have today. Following the shooting of a man in Urga earlier today after he tried to fight a police officer, many people began talking of how the police were violently cracking down on dissent due to recent political problems. Though we never gave the police such orders, the rumours spread fast, and soon, riots had begun in the centre of Urga. Thousands of people took to the streets and began looting pro-government shops and buildings, while violently attacking any police officer or soldier who opposed them. Toward the end of the day, with the riot having no sign of stopping, a cavalry battalion was called into the city, to put down the riot by any means necessary. Though the use of batons and rifles, the riot eventually dispersed. However, a death count has now been completed, showing that 39 people were killed in the riots, with another 62 seriously injured.
And so unfurls Mongolia's young democracy.
Wu Heling and Tseveen unite forces
Wu Heling and Tseveen, speaking in Urga together today, both made a speech about temporarily uniting their party's, for the purpose of removing our government from power. They stated that the current government is dangerous, and rules through military force, and are traitors to the Democratic Revolution. Their calls for unity against the government were met with thunderous applause.\n\nOf course, we cannot let this stand. Really, we have two options. One, suggested by radical Bat-Ochiryn Eldev-Ochir, is that we poison Wu Heling using one of our spies who is close to him. Another plan, as suggested by the more moderate Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj, is to spread dissent between the two parties, in an attempt to split their hastily formed union.
Have the spy attempt to poison Wu Heling.
Spread dissent between the two.
Party union between Wu Heling and Tseveen split
Earlier today, Wu Heling released a statement denouncing Tseveen and the MLN, and stating that the union of the two parties is at an end. This is because of some recently discovered evidence that apparently, Tseveen was working against the union, and was planning on betraying Wu Heling. Tseveen has come out against these claims, but it appears the union between the two parties is over.
Divide and conquer.
Assassination attempt on Wu Heling failed
Earlier today, reports came in that our assassination attempt on Wu Heling had failed. Apparently, while our spy attempted to plant the poison in Wu Heling's food during his dinner, he was caught in the act, and was shot by a guard when he reached for his own pistol. Wu Heling released a statement announcing the attempt on his life, and has once again denounced our government, for our \
Damn!
Wu Heling getting funding from Demchugdongrub
We have now discovered that Wu Heling has been receiving aid from many of his noble friends. This is of no surprise, for they are his main support base. However, recently it has been uncovered that Demchugdongrub is personally supplying Wu Heling with rifles, pistols, and even some artillery pieces, to fight against our government. Should we make the wrong move, we may face another revolution.\n\nTo try to gain back support from the people of Urga, Bat-Ochiryn Eldev-Ochir has approached us, stating that we should use the fact that they are both from Inner Mongolia against them, and claim it is a Chinese plot.
Damn.
Claim its a Chinese plot to take over.
Wu Heling starts violent rebellion in Urga
Disaster! During a regular patrol through the city, as the sun was just rising, a band of soldiers were ambushed by a group of pro-democracy rebels. The soldiers were caught off guard, and were massacred. This triggered the beginning of a rebellion in Urga, led by Wu Heling. His rebels are well armed, thanks to funding he secured through the nobles. No doubt this is merely a plot for the nobles to try to take power once again. However, we must act fast, to put down the rebellion, or risk losing our power. However, putting it down would be disastrous for human life.
Send in the troops.
Put down our arms, let the violence end.
[MON.GetLeader]'s power is secure
For multiple hours, Urga was under the control of Wu Heling's rebel forces. However, that changed when General Manlaibaatar Damdinsüren marched in with a large force, from the surrounding barracks'. After surrounding the city, Damdinsüren's troops moved in and went street to street, clearing out the remaining rebels.\n\nBy evening it was all over. The streets of Urga were stained crimson, with the blood of hundreds of rebels and civilians alike. However, though sadness reigned over most of the city, the State Great Khural was very different. There, [MON.GetLeader] held a speech to only MAN members, declaring their victory against the rebels and a start to true Mongolian Socialism. The whole hall erupted in applause.
Power is Secure.
Wu Heling takes power
With the last surrender of our troops, Wu Heling marched into the State Great Khural, and declared the fighting as over. As many in the MAN government were arrested, including [MON.GetLeader], Wu Heling made a speech, claiming this was once again a new beginning for Mongolia, a democratic one. For now, he and the MLN have made a power sharing deal, until elections can be held soon.
Great.
Tseveen holds speech about Wu Heling's nationality
\
This won't be good...
Peaceful march in Urga
The streets of Urga today are packed with thousands of civilians, protesting against the actions of the current government. Lead by both Wu Heling and Tseveen, they call for the resignation of the current government, and for them to be temporarily put in power until elections can be organised.
Put this down with bullets.
Lay down our arms.
Violent suppression leads to mass unrest
As government troops marched through the streets, gunning down anyone who showed resistance, it seems this had the opposite of the desired effect. As one man is shot, three men decide to join the rebellion against us. Wu Heling, using weapons he bought thanks to the nobles, has armed the rebels with guns, and they have began marching toward the State Great Khural now...
This won't be good.
Tseveen releases statement against claim
In a statement released by Wu Heling today, he states:\n\n\
We stand by it.
Wu Heling states Tseveen is just as bad as [MON.GetLeader]
Rather controversially, Wu Heling, leader of the MAK and one of our main opponents, publicly released a statement about Tseveen's denial of the events prior:\n\n\
Divide and conquer.
Tseveen declares the government dead
In a speech today just on the outskirts of Urga to a large crowd of people, Tseveen declared:\n\n\
Worrying.
Arsenal raided by rebels
Early in the morning, a weapons arsenal was raided by revolutionaries. There is evidence that the men guarding the arsenal actively supported the rebels, allowing them to take the weapons without resistance. It seems now we will have to deal with the growth of militant violence.
Damn.
Tseveen travels out of Urga to gather support in nearby areas
Tseveen has recently made public that he intends to travel out to nearby villages and nomadic groups near Urga, to try and gain their support for the revolution. While doing this, he has only taken a small force of men with him, and has left the rest of his supporters in Urga. We must act on this, and this leaves us with a choice. Either we can try to root out the rebels in the city while Tseveen in away, or we can send out a group of men to attack Tseveen while his supporters remain in Urga. Without their leader, they will surely fail.
Send out troops to attack Tseveen.
Root out rebels in the city.
The Attack on Tseveen
In the early evening of last night, Tseveen's group set up camp outside a small village a few miles outside Urga. His party was only 25 men strong, and when they were met with a group of 200 government troops, they were extremely unprepared. While most of Tseveen's men were sleeping, out troops took positions and fired as one, killing most of his men almost immediately. The rest, including Tseveen, surrendered before they were gunned down too. The men were arrested and brought back to Urga, where they will live in a prison cell for the rest of their lives.
Perfect.
Large riots spark in Urga after innocents get investigated
After giving the order for investigations, a large group of soldiers numbering around 200 were tasked with going through every person in Urga to root out the rebels. However, it seems this move was not exactly popular with the population. The soldiers did small investigations on many people in Urga, and if they deemed them to be rebels, either arrested them or lined them up and shot them without trial. After doing this through part of Urga, the people in the city began to resist them. Civilians began to throw rocks at the soldiers, and were met with bullets. This quickly led to massive riots throughout Urga, primarily lead by armed MLN insurgents.
End the riot with bullets.
Open talks with Tseveen and his rebels.
Massacre in Urga
After organising the troops and gathering more, the battalion, now 500 soldiers strong, marched into Urga and declared that any resistance was to be met with bullets. Starting in upper Urga, the battalion battled hard with rioting civilians and MLN insurgents alike, and both sides took substantial losses. It wasn't until the battalion began to move that things turned for the worst. While travelling through the middle of Urga, the battalion were very quickly surrounded by armed MLN insurgents, who opened fire on the troops. Whenever a rebel was killed, another came in to take his place. Casualties for the rebels were very high, however, they had won the day. All the soldiers in the battalion were lost, and so the group, lead by the now returned Tseveen, moved in to take the State Great Khural.
The rebellion has succeeded.
Tseveen takes over the government
After fighting off the remaining guards of the State Great Khural, Tseveen took his place as Prime Minister. [MON.GetLeader] was arrested, along with multiple other major MAN players. While there, Tseveen declared that it was time for the people of Mongolia to experience true democracy, and that an election was already being scheduled.
Freedom wins in Mongolia.
Tseveen demands elections and arrests of many MAN members
After releasing a statement that we would be prepared for talks with the MLN rebels, Tseveen has released a new statement:\n\n\
We can never agree to this.
Elections are fine, but defend the MAN members.
Agree entirely, elections will be scheduled for a months time.
Tseveen raises his forces
Across Urga today, hundreds of armed MLN rebels have risen against us, after hearing of our refusal of their demands. The group organised and quickly defeated the garrison that was present in the city, with some of the soldiers even joining their side. Now, the rebels begin their march to the State Great Khural.
This doesn't look good.
Tseveen states MAN arrests are key to uphold democracy
Tseveen has released a response to our answer that elections can occur so long as MAN members like [MON.GetLeader] are not arrested. His response was that the arrests of these men is necessary to allow democracy to function, and to protect it for the future. The rebels demands remain unchanged.
Then we refuse.
We have to agree to this.
The Constitution of [GetYear]
After finally securing control of Mongolia, [MON.GetLeader] made a speech outside the State Great Khural, promising many things, including the redistribution of wealth, a new constitution, and democratic elections. In the following months since, the government has worked hard to set right the injustices caused by the previous government. The peasants now finally feel like they truly have power, and do not work as slaves.\n\nOver the past few weeks, the government has been working on the second promise. Over the period of multiple weeks, full of long meetings and heated arguments, the new constitution has been drafted. This constitution sets out the government form, with the Jebtsundamba Khutukhtu as the figurehead leader of the nation once he comes of age, with much power in the hands of the working class, through voting for the Prime Minister and his government. It also includes points about human and workers rights, and ensures universal suffrage.\n\nWith celebrations of the new constitution echoing through Urga, we must now focus on the last of [MON.GetLeader]'s promises: elections.
Elections?
Restoring Order to the Regency
In the past few months, it has become clear to the Baron and the court that his rule is constantly in danger. Therefore, he has declared it time to examine our current military staff, and decide whether they are loyal to the Khanate, or whether it is time they see a bullet.
We must root out the traitors!
Status of Manlaibaatar Damdinsüren
Manlaibaatar Damdinsüren has fought on the side of Mongolia for decades, taking part in Mongolian independence back in 1911. Though he opened dialogue with the MAN rebels at the time, he was arrested by the Chinese, and almost died in his cell. He would have died had it not been for Ungern's Asiatic Cavalry Division taking Urga from Chinese control and freeing him. Many Mongolians see the old man as a unifying figure; a sign that Mongolians are still able to lead in this Russian-dominated government. However, perhaps his links to the MAN never went away. Though we have failed to find any evidence of this, perhaps he aided the MAN rebels against us, and almost led to our downfall. He constantly makes it clear that he doesn't serve us, rather serving Mongolia directly. Maybe it is time for the old General to meet his end.
He is trustworthy.
End him.
Status of Nikolay Kazagrandi
Nikolay Kazagrandi is a man who gains much ire from the Baron. Having worked with Ungern-Sternberg during the Russian Civil War, Kazagrandi nevertheless staunchly detested the Baron. Parting ways as the Baron led his men into Mongolia to depose the MAN Revolutions, Kazagrandi would see continued, and even brilliant, service in the Russian Military Staff. Skilled, reasonable, and with ties to the Socialist Revolutionaries, and to various fellow Siberians such as Aleksey Grishin, Kazagrandi was chosen as the official attaché to Urga in 1931. Ostensibly, he serves to cement the Russian-Mongolian relationship, however the Baron is under suspicions that Kazagrandi is merely there to keep watch on him. Despite his competency, the men have still not reconciled. Perhaps his appointment leaves him perfectly helpless to Ungern-Sternberg's machinations.
He is trustworthy.
End him.
Status of Khatanbaatar Magsarjav
Khatanbaatar Magsarjav's situation is similar to that of Manlaibaatar Damdinsüren. The old man formed an anti-Chinese guerrilla group in Inner Mongolia in 1907, for which he became a Mongolian hero. He was promoted to the rank of general by the Bogd Khan himself, after he came to Urga following the revolution against the Chinese. In expelling Chinese troops, he collaborated and formed the alleged \
He is trustworthy.
End him.
Status of the Officers
The officer class have proven their disloyalty over the past few months. With many officers deciding to align themselves with the opposing rebel groups, it is clear many of their loyalties do not sit with us. Perhaps it is time for the officer class to be cleansed of anyone who dared declare themselves for an opposing faction.
They are fine.
Decommission the lot of them.
Status of Altanochir
Altanochir is a notable prince from Inner Mongolia, who only very recently travelled to Urga, after recommendation from Prince Demchugdongrub. It should already be clear as to why he is on the chopping block. Demchugdongrub pushed to gain power during the chaos of the Western Revolt. It was his clique of princes and nobles who almost led to our downfall. Altanochir, still being quite a low level military leader, should be an obvious one to be purged.
He is trustworthy.
End him.
The Purge has Ended
With that, it has been decided that the purge has come to an end. Whether it can even be called a purge is up for debate, due to the relatively minor amount of actions that were taken against possible traitors. The military leaders of Mongolia who survived breathe a sigh of relief, though some may still scheme against us.
With that, it has been decided that the purge has come to an end. Many high up military figures were exiled or otherwise demobilised throughout the last few weeks, all in the name of safety and justice for traitors. Those remaining breathe a sigh of relief, as the military staff of the nation grows ever smaller.
With that, it has been decided that the purge has come to an end. Many high up military figures were exiled or otherwise demobilised throughout the last few weeks, all in the name of safety and justice for traitors. Those remaining breathe a sigh of relief, as the military staff of the nation grows ever smaller.
One's own heart must surely bleed.
37 People Die in Factory Explosion
Following Ungern's continued policy of industrialisation, construction of new factories, sponsored mostly by Russian businessmen, sprung up across the nation. With this new mass industrialisation along with the complete lack of labour rights, all of the workers constructing these factories are in clear danger. A common cause of death nowadays is death while constructing a new factory. The best example of this occurred today, when 37 people were killed in an explosion during the construction of a factory outside Mörön. The factory is to become a textile factory, owned personally by Russian entrepreneurs. Due to the lack of any safety regulations whatsoever, a poorly built bit of construction machinery failed, causing a fire which led to the explosion. The businessmen merely deflected any resulting blame, directing the accident instead as the fault of the Mongolian workers.
\
Mongol Ardīn Nam Cell Destroyed near the Russian Border
After receiving information from one of our informants placed in the MAN, we learned the location of a major MAN cell, just on the Russo-Mongolian border. So, under the command of Mikhail Tornovsky, a battalion was sent out from Urga up north to the location. After travelling and searching for a few days, they eventually found it. A large complex of gers of all sizes, surrounded by a quickly put up wooden fence. Patrols of men armed with rifles and wearing MAN symbols on their caps travelled around the complex every few minutes. It is clear that the camp is struggling to keep together, following the failure of their now third revolution. After surrounding the camp, Tornovsky moved his troops in, and took the complex. There was a small firefight, but nothing major; it seems most of their actual fighting soldiers died during the revolution. Tornovsky rounded up everyone else that was left, primarily older men or women, and detained them for questioning. After going through all the papers, the locations of multiple, smaller MAN cells were discovered, as well as some of their future plans which included a plan to assassinate Ungern-Sternberg. After gathering all the decent information out of the area, Tornovsky burned the complex to the ground, and brought back his prisoners for questioning through our secret police.
Finally, peace can be secured.
Hundreds of Soldiers Imprisoned for Refusing to Pledge Allegiance to the Khan
With new measures implemented recently, forcing every soldier to pledge their full allegiance to the 2nd Bogd Khan, hundreds have refused to do so. Many of them claim that they do not serve the Khan, but rather serve the nation of Mongolia. However, what they fail to see is that these are one in the same. For this betrayal, these soldiers have been imprisoned, so that they cannot spread dissent against us.
We are all but humble servants of our monarch.
Battle Between Peace Preservation Corps and Mongolian People's Army
Many of the rich nobles and princes of Mongolia have their own guard with them at all times, almost like a private army. After hearing that they were going to have their lands seized to be distributed to the population, a few princes decided to unite their guards to protect their lands. After refusing to cede their land to the government, the newly created Mongolian People's Army were sent in, under the leadership of Damdin Sükhbaatar. After approaching the princes lands once again, the princes guard stood firm, and refused to allow the MPA in. Sükhbaatar said that they had the choice now to either surrender now or face death. Though a handful of guards put down their arms and were let go, the vast majority stood their ground and refused to move. With that, Sükhbaatar gave the command to open fire. The princes guard put up a strong fight, but they were eventually beaten by the MPA. The few that remained surrendered and were arrested, as were the princes whose troops they were.
Those who refuse to follow the revolution must be forced.
Russia has Fallen
It appears the worst has happened. Our great allies in the north, the Russian Bear, has fallen. Unable to withstand the calamitious tide of the world's superpower. Now, we are forced to go it alone. Someday, perhaps, we might free the people of Russia, and perhaps restore the rightful Tsar to their throne. For now, however, we will struggle to survive.
We must go alone.
Overtures from Mongolia
An ambassador from Urga arrived today, professing his support for our regime in the face of great nations seeking to invade our territories. Following the toppling of Sternberg's repressive rule by the Buddyn Zövlöl, spearheaded by the 7th Changyka Khutukhtu, our two nations have become ever more connected. In order to ensure that our legacy endures for future generations, it is only reasonable to strengthen our common Buddhist beliefs within our theocratic governments, should someday a growing force in China, India, or Russia dare to jeopardize our security.
Together, we will stand against the tide of history.
Declaration of the new Pan-Mongol State
Banners of the Soyombo (the Mongolian National Symbol) were raised high across every city, especially in Urga, after having fulfilled the complete unification of the \
The cyclical nature of history repeats once again.
Refuting the Ungern Legend
The Buddyn Zövlöl has forbid the utterance of Baron Ungern's name in Mongolia henceforth. Much like the infamous bandit Ja Lama, his power over the people is measured in has reverence and infamy. The grounds where Ja Lama and Baron Ungern fortified were briefly treated as hallow ground, but truly spirits such as these must be banished from our lands, not revered.
His ghost cannot oppress us
Agvan Dorzhiev Condemned for Russophilia
The Buryat thorn, Agvan Dorzhiev, has been banned from entering Mongolia. Agvan's manipulative use of the Kalachakra tantra in Tibet portraying the Russian Tsars as the reincarnations of the Ārya Tārā. This kind of heresy will only invite additional foreign mercenaries to attempt on our sovereignty. The Ārya Tārā is also obviously Tsendiin Dondogdulam, the Bogd Khan's wife.
Banish this Tsarist relic!
Barchenko's Curious Expedition
Though we are extremely wary of further Russian exploration, Alexander Barchenko distinguishes himself from the usual transparent spies. Barchenko claims to be a true believer in Tantric Buddhism, and claims to be writing a scientific paper on the health benefits of a monastic lifestyle. [MON.GetLeader] was ready to approve of his study, only to be stopped by a minister with one of Barchenko's other papers. This paper, entitled 'On the Transfer of Thoughts To A Distance' is some kind of scientific paper on divination. Alarmed at what appears to be another Russian conman's ploy to exploit Mongolia's culture, a deeper consideration of his plan is in order.
Barchenko is harmless, he may stay
Not another one, he must leave
Status of Traditional Mongolian Sacrifices
Spoken around campfires among Mongol soldiers, there are few forms of bravado so popular as to claim you have removed an enemies heart. This act, which was banned under the Qing amban for decades, has returned to prominence due to Mongolia's instability. Commanders have requested [MON.GetLeader] use his influence in politics to ban this practice, stating that it will hold back our military's reputation.
Ban it, we need modern soldiers
Embrace it, we need the morale
Ak Jang Practitioners Arrested
From the Oirat mountains, near the land of Chinggis Khaan's birth, comes a revival of his old ways. A shaman, Chet Chelpan, has reported wide seeing a rider in white, the White Burkhan. Chet has organised Buryat churches in order to revoke Buddhism in the land of our ancestors, and is oppressing our history with his claims that the Oirat will be liberated by some white saviour. This is obvious Ungern mythmaking, and should be treated as another attempt to immortalise the bastard.
Imprison Chet and his shamans.
Foreign-names for Toponomy Banned
The Buddyn Zövlöl has banned all references to the Marco Polo, Humboldt, Ritter, Alexander III, and Prajevalski mountains. These names are attempts to impose their history onto ours, and are tantamount to imperialism. We must rename them to honour the Mongol heroes of our history.
We assert our identity
9th Jebtsundamba Health Scare
The young 9th Jebtsundamba Khutukhtu recently fell ill for a few days. Monks were called out to find the source of the illness. It is presumed that one of the lama-monks have broken their vows and cursed the child's health. After much searching and interrogation, it was discovered that a monk had eaten a fish on the day the young Jebtsundamba Khutukhtu became sick. After this monk was justly defrocked and beaten, the child recovered from his illness. To the lamas attending to the Jebtsundamba Khutukhtu, this validated their belief that moral health of subjects confers health to their leaders.
That was close
The Secret History of the Mongols Rediscovered
Mongolian author Tsendiin Damdinsüren has managed to find and translate a copy of The Secret History of the Mongols from its Chinese text into Khalkha Mongolian. This has enabled the story of Temujin, Chinggis Khaan, to be authoritatively told. In the spirit of nationalism, Tsendiin Damdinsüren included a forward cautioning Mongolians from selling this book to foreigners. Damdinsüren's forward states that 'Mongol history must never be warped or stolen by foreigners ever again.'
It is ours alone!
Memorial to the Red Hat Rebellion
A memorial has been built in Inner Mongolia to memorialise the thousands that died from Chinese persecution and fled Inner Mongolia during the Red Hat Rebellion. This has been coyly referred to as the 'Jindandao incident' by Chinese propaganda. Many still living remember the hundreds of thousands that were lost, and to which the western observers celebrated as a triumph against our faith. The Buddyn Zövlöl government promises to avenge their deaths.
We shall recover
Memorial to Golok Massacre
The Ninghai warlords in 1932 attempted to end the Golok people of Kham, as an assault on both our Tibetan brothers and Buddhism itself. This was the most trying time for our faith, when we saw our own Dongxiang brothers turn against us for Islam. A memorial in Urga has been built and a speech given to reassure the refugees of this tragedy.
Buddhism unites us
Sükhbaatar Poetry Published
The noble hero of the renewed Mongolia, Damdin Sükhbaatar, has been honoured with his poetry being published. Sükhbaatar's vision of a Mongolia both free and empowered by its uniting religion may soon come to pass.\n\nChang Shambalin Dayin, The War of Northern Shambhala! Let us die in this war, To be reborn again, as knights of the Ruler of Shambhala!
Raise the Banners High!
Japanese Plot Uncovered, Ended
Jambyn Lkhümbe, a small-time member of the MAN, has been found in possession of letters from the Japanese Kwantung military. The head of security has authorised the arrest of up to 100 suspect military personnel, in order to prevent any Japanese infiltration.
Safety is rare these days.
The Secret History of the Mongols Translated
Mongolian author Tsendiin Damdinsüren has managed to find and translate a copy of The Secret History of the Mongols from its Chinese text into Khalkha Mongolian. This has enabled the story of Temujin, Chinggis Khaan, to be authoritatively told. In the spirit of fidelity, Tsendiin Damdinsüren has handed out the book to western visitors, hoping they will translate the book into their languages and spread the national myth of Mongolia.
A cultural milestone.
Memorial to the Red Hat Rebellion
A memorial has been built in Inner Mongolia to memorialise the thousands that died from Chinese persecution and fled Inner Mongolia during the Red Hat Rebellion. This has been coyly referred to as the 'Jindandao incident' by Chinese propaganda. Many still living remember the hundreds of thousands that were lost, and to which the western observers celebrated as a triumph against our faith. The new government promises to avenge their deaths.
We shall recover.
American Henry Wallace Visits Mongolia
The American politician, Henry Wallace, has decided to pay a diplomatic and fact finding mission to Mongolia. Along with recognition of our government, Wallace has shown great interest in studying samples of our crops, saying he is fascinated with our ability to farm through harsh winters.
A most pleasant surprise.
Barchenko's Curious Expedition
Though we are extremely wary of further Russian exploration, Alexander Barchenko distinguishes himself from the usual transparent spies. Barchenko claims to be a true believer in Tantric Buddhism, and claims to be writing a scientific paper on the health benefits of a monastic lifestyle.
Gladly, we welcome patronage.
Agvan Dorzhiev patronised by Ungern
An estranged friend of the 13th Dalai Lama, Agvan Dorzhiev, has arrived in Urga to meet with Ungern. Agvan has presented Ungern with a Kalachakra tantra reportedly written by the late 13th Dalai Lama proclaiming the deceased Tsar Nicholas as the Ārya Tārā, the White Tara. This evidence appears to Ungern as validation for his monarchistic beliefs, and the two have stuck up a strong friendship. Although Agvan's influence has been reduced by the Regency, this friendship will undoubtedly bring Ungern's regime closer to Buddhist theologians.
The Tsars power is legendary
On the Trail of Ancient Man and the Death Worm
The travelling storyteller Damdinbazar has published his notes on Mongolia in a new book, On the Trail of Ancient Man. This book describes a beast in the Gobi Desert.\n\n'It is shaped like a sausage about two feet long, has no head nor leg and it is so poisonous that merely to touch it means instant death. It lives in the most desolate parts of the Gobi Desert.'
Who could tame a beast?
Ak Jang Faithful Come to Ungern
From the Oirat mountains, near the land of Chinggis Khaan's birth, comes a revival of his old ways. A shaman, Chet Chelpan, has reported wide seeing a rider in white, the White Burkhan. Chet has organised Buryat churches in order to revoke Buddhism in the land of our ancestors, and is oppressing our history with his claims that the Oirat will be liberated by some white saviour. This is obviously referring to the great Baron Ungern himself, and so Ungern's officers suggest inviting Chet to Urga to preach his message of hope.\n\nThou peopling within thyself, in gold and silver, A nation, White Altai! Thou who illuminest the day— Sun—Burkhan! Thou who illuminest the night— Moon—Burkhan!
Promote Ak Jang
On second thought, this will not do
Ossendowski Writes Beasts, Men, and Gods
The former captive Officer Ossendowski has written a book immortalising Baron Ungern. The book is mostly mythological, and contain the superstitious claim that Baron Ungern's brother, who allegedly died in the Russian Civil War, haunts his enemies and former friends. Despite this candor, Baron Ungern is concerned for the mental well being of his Polish commander. The years of steppe life and his inability to return home is reflected in the book, which takes a fatalistic approach to the future of Mongolia.
Surely a little embellishment can't hurt?
Quartermaster Vlad Roerich Deserts Army
Quartermaster Vladimir Roerich, brother of famous painter and orientalist Nicholas Reorich, has suddenly deserted his post and taken a hoard of valuables with him. Vladimir was always a rebellious sort, which was initially why Baron Ungern allowed him into his Asiatic Cavalry division. Now Baron Ungern has put a warrant out for his arrest. It is suspected that Vladimir had received help in leaving from underground MAN members. It is unknown where he will head to.
Find Vlad!
Quartermaster Roerich Found, Kidnapped
Quartermaster Vladimir Roerich has found by Ungern's agents in Shenyang, where he was running an agricultural commune called 'The Tri-Artel Commune'. This commune had used stolen funds from Ungern to feed the homeless and destitute. While we can't recover our assets, we have ensured that Vladimir Reorich will no longer be able to carry on his idealistic work.
I would have fled to Spain, myself.
The Secret History of the Mongols Published
Mongolian author Tsendiin Damdinsüren has managed to find and translate a copy of The Secret History of the Mongols from its Chinese text into Khalkha Mongolian. This has enabled the story of Temujin, Chinggis Khaan, to be authoritatively told. In the spirit of Ungern, Tsendiin Damdinsüren included a forward claiming that the events of the Secret History teach a lesson to all Mongols. This lesson being 'Such a prophetic life as Temujins has happened many times after. In Russia, under Peter the Great, did a great conquest take place that restored the honour of the Mongols.'
All true
Memorial to the Red Hat Rebellion
A memorial has been built in Inner Mongolia to memorialise the thousands that died from Chinese persecution and fled Inner Mongolia during the Red Hat Rebellion. This has been coyly referred to as the 'Jindandao incident' by Chinese propaganda. Many still living remember the hundreds of thousands that were lost, and to which the western observers celebrated as a triumph against our faith. The Noyodyn Zövlöl government promises to avenge their deaths.
Soon we shall return
Renovate Memorial to Chinggis Khaan
The long storied history of the relics of Chinggis Khaan is on the rise, recognised by scholars like Zhang Xiangwen, who proclaimed Ejin Horo as the site of the Khaan's burial. It is essential that we recall the relics of Ejin Horo's memorial to Urga, in order to safeguard them from treasure seekers. It is already rumoured that the vicious warlords of the south have plundered tombs of lesser emperors and disgraced their names in their own vain bids for immortal fame. However, us Mongols have the will to draw what we hold dear inwards for protection.
I hope the Buddhist monks do not mind
Chinggis Khaan Relics Stolen, Taken to Gansu
Disaster has struck our efforts to secure the relics of Chinggis Khan from Chinese robberies. It appears that a contingent of rogue Guominjun soldiers have intercepted the relics in transit and have fled with them to Gansu. Firmly within the hands of the steadfast Ma families, it would appear that the relics are out of our hands for the foreseeable future. That is of course, what our adversaries would think.
They're just like Feng
Guominjun Rogues Ransom Chinggis Khaan's Relics
Our infiltrators have entered Gansu and are unable to locate the relics of Chinggis Khaan. Locals reported that most relics that pass through are sold to visiting explorers, officers and landlords, despite none of these groups claiming ownership of any relics currently. A breakthrough came when a Mongol emissary was contacted by a Guominjun defector, who claims that he can arrange a ransom for the relics and a peaceful transaction, for a price.
Any price is worth our history
New deal, the relics or your head!
Guominjun Rogues Lied, Search Continues
Despite our best efforts to deal with the Guominjun defector, it turns out that he was lying the entire time. Months of effort is wasted, and the infiltration is presumed a failure. [MON.GetLeader], however, has refused to accept this loss. A second, more thorough investigation has been announced that will track down potential agitating elements in the Western Provinces that would have an interest in Chinggis Khaan's legacy.
We are NOT giving up!
Chinggis Khaan's Relics Found in Kumul
Our second investigation made a breakthrough in the far western land of Kumul, thousands of kilometres from Inner Mongolia. It appears that the family of the Khan of Kumul had wrestled the relics of Chinggis Khaan from their first buyers, and have claimed it as their own owing to their Chagatai legacy. This offence done by the Muslims would have resulted in war, if not for the diplomatic grace of [MON.GetLeader]. For a very large fee, the relics of Chinggis Khaan are recovered finally, and the Khan's family compensated more than adequately.
An easier deal than expected
The Hunt for Japan's Herald
Recently, word has spread across Inner Mongolia of an Imam, Muhammed-Gabdulkhay Kurbangaliev, that is agitating Muslims toward Fengtian. Long have the banners opposed any political influence of Islam in Inner Mongolia, and until now no institution dared to challenge us in this regard. But coming out of Shenyang are pamphlets called 'Japan's Herald' written in Arabic and Chinese calling for Muslims to emigrate to Fengtian, promising them a return and holy victory against Buddhism. This is just the threat the Kalachakra tantra predicted, and it is our duty to find and capture the Imam advocating for this apocalyptic conflict.
Monks must protect ourselves
Japan's Herald Found, Imprisoned
Our agents have finally located the radical imam Muhammed-Gabdulkhay Kurbangaliev, who has been agitating Muslims against Buddhists. The Imam was apprehended by our agents after a mysterious man in Shenyang, Vladimir Roerich, tipped us off. It appears that this Imam was a former ally of Baron Ungern to boot, which only reinforces the idea that Baron Ungern cared not for us Buddhists. The imam Kurbangaliev shall be detained indefinitely, and hopefully the Japanese cannot find another such as him to do their dirty work. Vladimir Roerich has been well compensated and we hope his Tri-Artel Commune continues to help the beleaguered in Shenyang.
What a curious ally
Barchenko's Curious Expedition
Though we are extremely wary of further Russian exploration, Alexander Barchenko distinguishes himself from the usual transparent spies. Barchenko claims to be a true believer in Tantric Buddhism, and claims to be writing a scientific paper on the health benefits of a monatic lifestyle. [MON.GetLeader] was ready to approve of his study, only to be stopped by a minister with one of Barchenko's other papers. This paper, entitled 'On the Transfer of Thoughts To A Distance' is some kind of scientific paper on divination. Alarmed at what appears to be another Russian conman's ploy to exploit Mongolia's culture, a deeper consideration of his plan is in order.
Out! We are not a curiosity
The Secret History of the Mongols Rediscovered
Mongolian author Tsendiin Damdinsüren has managed to find and translate a copy of The Secret History of the Mongols from its Chinese text into Khalkha Mongolian. This has enabled the story of Temujin, Chinggis Khaan, to be authoritatively told. In the spirit of nationalism, Tsendiin Damdinsüren included a forward cautioning Mongolians from selling this book to foreigners. Damdinsüren's forward states that 'Mongol history must never be warped or stolen by foreigners ever again.'
Could we be in another golden age?
We have secured Dzungaria
Due to the success of our raids, the government of [SIK.GetNameDef] has ordered a total withdrawal of their military and garrison forces of Dzungaria, thus allowing our forces to easily march in. Our raids throughout the past months (with varying degrees of intensity) have proven to be successful and we have now rightfully reunited our country with Dzungaria, thus strengthening the Mongol nation henceforth.
A brilliant victory.
Ungern-Sternberg Defeats Mongol Rebels
Much like Tibet, news from the Mongolian capital, Urga, is sparse. For many years the status quo of the nation has been the leadership of the Russian Baron Roman Ungern-Sternberg. However, recently, news has come out that after a revolt in the west of the nation, Ungern's rule was seriously under threat from all sides, while his army fought in the west. However, he was able to keep hold, even after multiple assassination attempts.\n\nIn a press release to the few media groups in Urga, the Baron, Regent, and Grand Duke of Mongolia insisted upon the stability and sanctity of his Regency. Stipulating that all enemies to the Baron are also enemies to the Boy Khan, he nonetheless preached to the remaining rebels to put down their arms.
The \
Mongol Aristocrats Take Mongolia
Much like Tibet, news from the Mongolian capital, Urga, is sparse. For many years the status quo of the nation has been the leadership of the Russian Baron Roman Ungern-Sternberg. However, recently, news has come out that after a revolt in the west of the nation, the aristocratic princes, led by the Inner Mongolian Prince Demchugdongrub, overthrew Ungern-Sternberg while his army fought in the west.\n\nIn a press release to the few media groups in Urga, Prince Demchugdongrub stated that Mongolia is once again in the hands of its traditional rulers, and that now a period of consolidation must begin. Insisting upon the proper unification of the Mongol nation, he has set his eyes upon Mongols outside of Mongolia's present borders.
Return of the Old Order.
Lama Theocrats Take Mongolia
Much like Tibet, news from the Mongolian capital, Urga, is sparse. For many years the status quo of the nation has been the leadership of the Russian Baron Roman Ungern-Sternberg. However, recently, news has come out that after a revolt in the west of the nation, that the assembled Lama council, called the Buddyn Zövlöl, overthrew Ungern-Sternberg while his army fought in the west.\n\nIn a press release to the few media groups in Urga, the leader of the group, the 7th Changkya Khutuktu, stated that Mongolia is finally in the hands of its most humble servants, and that they must return the nation to its true Theocratic roots. Preaching humility, and a return to the old order, they nonetheless have set their eyes on the Chinese Mongols.
The State Elevated By Many.
Revolutionaries Take Mongolia
Much like Tibet, news from the Mongolian capital, Urga, is sparse. For many years the status quo of the nation has been the leadership of the Russian Baron Roman Ungern-Sternberg. However, recently, news has come out that after a revolt in the west of the nation, the revolutionary Mongol Ardīn Nam overthrew Ungern-Sternberg while his army fought in the west.\n\nIn a press release to the few media groups in Urga, the \
Dawn of a Mongolian Party State?
Khorloogiin Choibalsan
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 8th, 1895, in Achit Beysiyn, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe youngest of four children born to a poor, unmarried herswoman known as Khorloo, Choibalsan never knew his father, or so he claims. Born with the name Dugar, he would assume the religious name Choibalsan at 13 after entering the local Buddhist monastery of San Beysiyn Khüree where he would train to be a Lama. Fleeing to Khüree, or Urga, with a fellow trainee, he would work odd jobs until meeting a sympathetic Buryat teacher known as Nikolai Danchinov who enrolled him in the Russian consulate's Russian-Mongolian Translators' School. A year later, Choibalsan would be sent to study at a gymnasium in Irkutsk.\n\nWith all Mongolian students in Russia recalled back to Khüree by the Bogd Khan's government following the October Revolution, Choibalsan would nonetheless become enamoured by Socialist doctrine following his time in Russia, and upon his return would join the Socialist Consular Hill Group under the assurances of his former teacher, Dogsomyn Bodoo. Serving as the bridge between the group and the Russian Consulate, Choibalsan's contacts there would usher in the unification of his group with the more nationalist-oriented Züün Khüree.\n\nParticipating in the formation of the Mongolian People's Party, Choibalsan would become a part of the famous \
Peljidiin Genden
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in Uyzen, Qiqirlik League, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoining the Mongolian Revolutionary Youth League in the clandestine MAN's underground in 1922, Genden would rapidly become a local ringleader for his revolutionary cell. Serving as an outspoken advocate for another attempted revolution following the demise of the Bogd Khan in 1924, Genden would participate ever earnestly in what was to be MAN's second doomed attempt at revolution. Participating in the various party sessions from there onwards, Genden would eventually become one of the three secretaries of the Party's Central Committee, alongside Ölziin Badrakh and Bat-Ochiryn Eldev-Ochir.\n\nUrging for the party to maintain its revolutionary stance in light of aspirations for reorienting the party towards multi-party democracy, Genden would begin to adopt a \
Ölziin Badrakh
§YBorn:§! §L1895, in Zorigt Khan's Headland, Dervod Dalai Khan, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHomeschooled and working intermittently as a clerk at the county post office, Ölziin Badrakh would become one of the more recent additions to MAN's burdgeoning youth movement amongst the Mongolians. Known as one of the \
Darizavyn Losol
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1890, in Daiqingbeizi Banner, Chechen League, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSent to a local monastery at the age of 9 in order to become a monk, Losol would advance to Gandan Monastery in the capital, Khüree, at the age of 12. Studying there for 6 years, Losol would take on his education with a sense of tenacity and hunger. Studying languages and devouring religious texts, Losol would travel abroad in 1908, driven by his desire to learn. Utilising the Manchurian railway, Losol would travel to Beijing. From there, he would pass through Buryatia, and then onwards to Petrograd and Moscow. Influenced by the Xinhai Revolution and the liberalisation occurring within Russia, he would return to Mongolia just at the right juncture to see the Bogd Khanate established.\n\nServing as a lama in the army of Manlaibaatar Damdinsüren, the occupation of the Chinese would see Losol join the Züün Khüree, becoming one of the \
Anandyn Amar
§YBorn:§! §L1886, in Daichin Van Khoshuu, Khan'alin League, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of a poor nobleman, the \
Dansranbilegiin Dogsom
§YBorn:§! §L1884, in Shini Bulag, Chechen League, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLearning to write at home, Dogsom would excel in his studies, beginning to work as a scribe at the county post office at the age of 12. At the age of 15, he would become a clerk at the very same post office, and also at the assembly at a nearby town. Uplifted to working as a civil servant in the Ministry of Finance during the Bogd Khaanate, Dogsom would participate as a key scribe during the Russia-Mongolia-China discussions that would lead to the creation of the Treaty of Kyakhta. Awarded for his efforts, Dogsom would become something of a local celebrity within Mongolia for his continued championing of its independence, and his opposition towards social inequality.\n\nWith China re-establishing its suzerainty in 1919, Dogsom resigned from the Ministry, and would join his friends Sükhbaatar and Danzan in the Züün Khüree. Following the merger with the Consular Hill Group, Dogsom would become one of the \
Baiyunti
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1894, in Ningcheng County, Chifeng, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlso known by his Mongolian name Serengdongrub, Baiyunti was born as an ethnic Mongol in the Harqin Middle Banner during the reign of the Guangxu Emperor. When the Xinhai Revolution broke out, Baiyuntai was studying Chinese at the Beijing Guowen Academy. That following year (1912, the first year of the Republic of China), he would enter the Chinese legal system and economics department of the Mongolian-Tibeaten School in Beijing.\n\nDisgusted with the warlordism that plagued China, he joined the Chinese Kuomintang as an early member in 1919 where he was given the post of Inner Mongolia Party Commissioner. As a leftist, he participated vividly in the 1924 Reorganisation of the Party where he attended as an alternate member of the Central Executive Committee. With the planned Northern Expedition hoping to reunify China under the Kuomintang banner - he would serve as a preparator for the Inner Mongolia Interim Executive Committee of the Kuomintang. In March 1925, he was elected as the chairman of the executive committee at the All-Mongolia Congress of the Inner Mongolian Kuomintang also known as the Inner Mongolia People's Revolutionary Party. When the Northern Expedition fell, he fled for Europe as a representative of the Mongolian revolutionary struggle. During his time in exile, he would grow close to Wang Jingwei's faction of the Reorganisation Comrades Association and has become a member of that particular faction as well.§!
Jamsrangiin Tseveen
A central figure in Mongolian politics, Jamsrangiin Tseveen was born in Transbaikal in the late Russian Empire. He went to a Buryat private school in Saint Petersburg, and eventually began visiting Buryat tribes in Irkutsk. In 1902, he became an auditor at Saint Petersburg University. While there, he went on many research trips across Transbaikal and Outer Mongolia. After a few years, he began to teach the Mongolian Language there, and also visited Inner Mongolia and Ordos. When the Bogd Khanate became independent in 1911, Tseveen supervised a secular Russian school there and was editor for two newspapers, the Shine toli and Niislel Khüreenii sonin bichig.\n\nAfter Mongolia was occupied by Xu Shuzheng in 1919, Tseveen became a professor at Irkutsk University. He also travelled around the area and met with many discontent Mongolians, who eventually founded the Mongol Ardīn Nam. At their founding congress in 1921, Tseveen wrote the Ten Aspirations, the party's platform. Following their failed revolution in 1921, Tseveen went into hiding in Transbaikal, helping continue to organise the MAN. After the death of the Bogd Khan in 1924, Tseveen helped rally Buryat rebels in joining the MAN rebels in once again trying to overthrow Ungern-Sternberg. After this failed, the MAN went back into hiding. Since then, Tseveen has travelled across the more empty regions of Mongolia, educating the people and conducting research.
§YBorn:§! §LApril 26th, 1881, in Khoito-Aga, Transbaikal Oblast, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MON_jamsrangiin_tseveen_desc_body$§!
§YBorn:§! §LApril 26th, 1881, in Khoito-Aga, Transbaikal Oblast, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MON_jamsrangiin_tseveen_desc_body$\n\nFollowing the Western Revolt and the MAN takeover, Tseveen began to see the problems in the party. Over the years he grew more disillusioned with the more radical elements of the party, and saw it as corrupt. Following a power struggle in the party, Tseveen created the Mongol Libyeral Nam, as an opposition party to the MAN.§!
Dambyn Chagdarjav
Numbering amongst one of the First Seven Mongolian Revolutionaries, and a close associate of Dogsomyn Bodoo, Dambyn Chagdarjav is but an aloof presence amongst hardened revolutionaries. The first Prime Minister of the Revolutionary Government in Exile, and before that a well-travelled Lama and Merchant, Chagdarjav's career would start similarly to many fellow middle-class Bureaucrats: in the Provisional Government.\n\nAs an early clerk and wise businessman, Chagdarjav would become the Minister of Finance in the Bogd Khanate, founding the Mongolian Mutual Aid Co-Operative and serving as an ally of many of the lay nobility. Taking part in the Kyakhta Conference of 1915, he would resign in opposition to the ensuing Treaty, thus travelling abroad to Britain, Italy, and Russia from 1916 to 1917.\n\nReturning to Mongolia in a time of great struggle, Chagdarjav would finance and aid in the founding of the Consular Hill Group with Bodoo, Choibalsan, and Losol. Pivotal, and an eccentric, Chagdarjav has stayed ably at Bodoo's side ever since 1921, and is commonly regarded as his Second-in-Command.
§YBorn:§! §L1880, in Khan'alin League, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MON_dambyn_chagdarjav_bio$§!
§YBorn:§! §L1880, in Khan'alin League, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MON_dambyn_chagdarjav_bio$§!\n\n§YNotes: \
Wu Heling
Much like many of the nobles who dominated Mongolian politics for many years, Wu Heling was born in Inner Mongolia. Also known by his Mongolian name, Ünenbayan, he graduated from school in Chengde, and afterwards studied law in Peking University while also working at the Minister of Interior in the Beiyang government. There, he worked with Prince Gungsangnorbu of Harqin Right Banner at the Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission. After he graduated from university in 1926, he got more involved in Mongolian affairs, getting into contact with Prince Demchugdongrub and Yondonwangchug in Chahar. It was during this time wherein he would also join the Kuomintang.\n\nEventually he decided to travel to Chahar, rather unfortunately working under Demchugdongrub. Later, when Demchugdongrub travelled to Urga with many Chahar nobles, Wu chose to remain there effectively ruling the autonomous province.
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 8th, 1902, in Harqin Right Banner, Josutu League, Inner Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MON_wu_heling_desc_body$§!
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 8th, 1902, in Harqin Right Banner, Josutu League, Inner Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MON_wu_heling_desc_body$ He proved rather effective at this, only eventually leaving Chahar during the Western Revolt, so that he could assist the Noble Council in Urga. Following the successful democratic revolution lead by the Mongol Ardīn Nam, Wu lobbied to stop the discrimination against the aristocrats of Urga. Being a younger man now in power of Mongolia, Wu sees an opportunity to mend the rift between the rich elite and the poor peasants, while defending the democracy that Mongolia has become.§!
Demchugdongrub
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 8th, 1902, in Sonid Right Banner, Xilingol League, Inner Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in Chahar, Demchugdongrub was the only son of Namjil Wangchuk, Duoluo Duling Junwang of Sönid Right Banner and Chief of the Xilingol League. After the death of his father at only 6, Demchugdongrub inherited the title of Duoluo Duling Junwang. Under Yuan Shikai in 1912, he was promoted to the title of Jasagh Heshuo Duling Jinong. In Chahar he remained for many years, becoming de facto leader of the province during the chaos following the end of the First Weltkrieg.\n\nDemchugdongrub didn't join Ungern-Sternberg's side until 1926, following Ungern's seizing of Chahar Province from the Guominjun. Ungern met Demchugdongrub in Chahar, and allowed him to keep his titles and to lead Chahar Province. Under Demchugdongrub, Chahar Province grew in military industry, and became far less rebellious against Ungern. In Chahar he remained for many years, funding Pan-Mongol movements throughout Inner Mongolia. In 1932, Demchugdongrub, with a number of other Inner Mongolian nobles, moved to Urga, to get more involved in its politics. Ungern, recognising Demchugdongrub's popularity and power, appointed him Minister for the Economy, to try to keep the aristocrats on his side.\n\nDuring the Western Revolt, Demchugdongrub, leader of the Noyodyn Zövlöl, seized power. Now, Demchugdongrub's dream of a united Pan-Mongol state can be fully realised.§!
Roman Ungern-Sternberg
Roman Fyodorovich Ungern-Sternberg, the \
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 10th, 1886, in Graz, Duchy of Styria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MON_roman_ungern_sternberg_desc_body$§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 10th, 1886, in Graz, Duchy of Styria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MON_roman_ungern_sternberg_desc_body$§!\n\n§YNotes: Ungern is a harsh disciplinarian, treating most acts of banditry under his command with the death penalty.\nDespite the misnomer of \
Jodbajab
§YBorn:§! §L1876, in Plain White Banner, Xilingol League, Inner Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIn his early years, Jodbajab served as one of the hereditary League leaders of Inner Mongolia. Seeing military service as a sentry officer in the Qing Military, he would move onto become a commissioned assistant commander and chief assistant commander of the Qing Dynasty's cavalry. Seeing service in the Xinhai Revolution, Jodbajab would fight on behald of the Qing to ensure continued dominion in Inner Mongolia. Fighting the Outer Mongolian Army at Daligang Cliff, he would be captured and detained in the Outer Mongolian capital until 1914. Promoted to Lieutenant General in 1916 for his rule in maintaining order within Chahar, Jodbajab would serve as the deputy director of the Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission, and in 1918 would be elected to the Anfu Club's National Assembly.\n\nIn 1922 he would return to his banner in Inner Mongolia, commanding a contingent of soldiers there. Seeing fighting in the ensuing conflicts within Chahar, Jodbajab would nonetheless put down his arms in light of limited support from Beijing. Elected to the Chahar Provincial Government, he would join the newly formed Noble Council, working closely with Demchugdongrub ensuring the compliance of Inner Mongolia's military forces with the Noble's desires.§!
§YBorn:§! §L1876, in Plain White Banner, Xilingol League, Inner Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIn his early years, Jodbajab served as one of the hereditary League leaders of Inner Mongolia. Seeing military service as a sentry officer in the Qing Military, he would move onto become a commissioned assistant commander and chief assistant commander of the Qing Dynasty's cavalry. Seeing service in the Xinhai Revolution, Jodbajab would fight on behald of the Qing to ensure continued dominion in Inner Mongolia. Fighting the Outer Mongolian Army at Daligang Cliff, he would be captured and detained in the Outer Mongolian capital until 1914. Promoted to Lieutenant General in 1916 for his rule in maintaining order within Chahar, Jodbajab would serve as the deputy director of the Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission, and in 1918 would be elected to the Anfu Club's National Assembly.\n\nIn 1922 he would return to his banner in Inner Mongolia, commanding a contingent of soldiers there. Seeing fighting in the ensuing conflicts within Chahar, Jodbajab would nonetheless put down his arms in light of limited support from Beijing. Elected to the Chahar Provincial Government, he would join the newly formed Noble Council, working closely with Demchugdongrub ensuring the compliance of Inner Mongolia's military forces with the Noble's desires.\n\nNow thrust into a position of power following the defeat of Mongolia on the battlefield, Jodbajab finds himself a man far above his station, appointed to a position he never desired, surrounded by Mongolians that do not appreciate his presence or his government.§!
7th Changkya Khutukhtu
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Datong, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn Lobsang Pelden Tenpe Dronme, the 7th Changkya Khutukhtu is an extremely important figure in Mongolia. During the Qing Dynasty and the short lived Beiyang Government, the Changkya Khutukhtu's were the head of the Gelug line of Tibetan Buddhism in Inner Mongolia. After Ungern-Sternberg took the province of Xilingol from the Guominjun, the 7th Changkya Khutuktu declared his loyalty to Ungern-Sternberg, and travelled to Urga to work in Gandantegchinlen Monastery. After regularly holding speeches outside of the monastery, he became a very popular and important figure in the capital.\n\nHowever, his intentions changed in 1930. Ungern-Sternberg, after a small peasant rebellion in Urga, blamed multiple high ranking lamas, and purged them. This caused massive uproar in the highly Buddhist society, especially in the upper echelons. The 7th Changkya Khutukhtu therefore decided to form the Buddyn Zövlöl, a group of high ranking lamas who ostensibly serve to protect the nascent theocracy that Mongolia maintains. After the Western Revolt, the Buddyn Zövlöl were able to seize power, and fully begin to implement their plan to reform Mongolian society to a Gelug Buddhist centre.§!
Manlaibaatar Damdinsüren
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 13th, 1871, in New Barag Left Banner, Helongjiang District, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA Barga Mongol, Damdinsuren is a man of much renown within Outer Mongolia. Taught the Manchu and Mongolian script by a local scribe at the age of 7, he would initially train to become a scribe himself, working as an assistant. Overflowing with talent, the young Damdinsüren would become an \
Altanochir
§YBorn:§! §L1882, in Ordos Right Banner, Ikh Ju League, Inner Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIn his youth, Altanochir worked as a clerk in the palace of his local Prince. Following the establishment of the Beiyang Republic, Altanochir would serve as a member of the Mongolian caucus within the Senate and Assembly. At the age of 27 he would inhert the title of Jasagh of the Hangjin Banner. In 1924 he would be appointed as the deputy leader of the Yeke-juu League, amassing a small contingent of forces under his control. Remaining steafast in light of the switching of hands within Inner Mongolia, Altanochir would become deputy commander of the Baotou region, and would establish his own Securty Forces, appointing himself as the Security Commander.\n\nParticipating in the formation of the Noble Council to protect his interests, Altanochir would travel with Prince Demchugdongrug in 1932 to Urga, wherein he would act alongside Jodbajab as the armed forces behind the Noble Council's wishes. Growing close with the Prince, Altanochir finds himself isolated within Mongolian politics, as he maintains a positive outlook on the Chinese, and has maintained a keen friendship with the likes of Fu Zuoyi.§!\n\n§YNotes: Altanochir's name has two transcriptions into Chinese, and therefore for short he has gained the nickname of \
Khatanbaatar Magsarjav
§YBorn:§! §L1877, in Zhongmo Banner, Qiqirlik League, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA national hero, so much so that he has been awarded the title of \
Mikhail Tornovsky
§YBorn:§! §L1882, in Pokrovsk, Samara Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMikhail Georgievich Tornovsky graduated from Irkutsk Military School in 1904 and became battalion commander in the Great War. He fled Russia after October Revolution, associating with the Committee for the Defence of the Homeland and the Constituent Assembly in Harbin, and soon returned to Russia to join Kolchak's forces. A twist of fate led him to join Semyonov's forces, which eventually brought him into Roman Ungern-Sternberg's Asiatic Cavalry Division.\n\nTornovsky came to serve as Ungern-Sternberg's chief of staff, and in this role being a sort of political organiser of Ungern's clique and contact to their Mongolian allies. Tornovsky is also accomplished historian, and has even been referred as regime ideologue of sorts, after his biography on Ungern being clear part of building up Ungern's cult of personality, both in Mongolia and to the Russian audiences.§!
Nikolay Kazagrandi
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 28th, 1886, in Kyakhta, Transbaikal Oblast, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNikolay Nikolayevich Kazagrandi served in the Great War as a poruchik in the engineering corps, gaining fame in the Revel Naval Battalion of Death in Battle of Moonzund in 1917. After collapse of the army, he returned to Siberia and fought against the Reds under Subcolonel Nikolay Grishin's partisan forces.\n\nKazagrandi distinguished himself in the Siberian campaign, and was proven to be officer of exceptional courage and energy. He had the skill of inspiring men around him to go to the Hell and beyond, like the Markov-style dashing knight of modern ages that the White Movement so much idolises. Kazagrandi's path led him through desperate defence of Perm, run on the Volga and final strangling of Red Moscow.\n\nKazagrandi continued his distinguished service in the Russian Army, and eventually graduated from the All-Russian General Staff Academy as a colonel. In 1931, he was sent by Kornilov to lead small training mission to Mongolia in cooperation with Ungern-Sternberg, with intent of bolstering the Mongolian army and further strengthening Russian influence there.§!
Zhamyangiyn Lhagvasuren
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 16th, 1912, in Daichin Wang, Khan'alin League, Outer Mongolia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe youngest of twins, and with one brother and five sisters counting amongst his siblings, Lhagvasuren was born into a rural family. With his father being a herder, and his mother that of a disinherited noble heiress, he would be sent away to receive a secular education under his uncle whilst his twin brother was dispatched to a Buddhist monastery, as was tradition. Studying intently, first under his uncle, and later in the first public school within the League, he would graduate to work as a scribe in the provincial administration. Seeing service for years, he would voluntarily enlist in the army at the age of 20, despite being exempt from the draft due to his education status.\n\nServing in a cavalry division, his life would become inseparable from the armed forces. Joining ostensibly due to studying military science thoroughly, Lhagvasuren would show exceedingly great promise amongst the Mongolian Officer corps, and following Nikolay Kazagrandi's training mission to Mongolia, would be sent to Moscow to attend the military academies there. Returning just in-time to receive a professional commission and the command of his own forces, Lhagvasuren is the epitome of the modern Mongolian youth, and a shining patriot of the nation.§!\n\n§YNotes: Exposed to the Russian Army's mechanisation process during his time in Moscow, Lhagvasuren has developed a knack for modern armoured warfare.§!
Boris Rezukhin
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 6th, 1886, in the Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBoris Petrovich Rezukhin comes from a military family. A Cossack of the 1st Argun Regiment in 1907, Boris would be stationed in Western Mongolia in 1913, wherein he would first cross paths with Baron Roman Ungern-Sternberg: an unsuspecting friendship that sprung over the simple trading of his service rifle to Ungern in exchange for some future compensation. Serving in the Great War as a cavalry commander, he would eventually end up as an officer of the 1st Verkhneudinsk Regiment of the Transbaikal Cossack Host, coming to serve under Grigory Semyonov in the Civil War.\n\nRezukhin would become a regimental commander under his (now) close friend Roman Ungern-Sternberg's Asiatic Cavalry Division. As Semyonov's ambition in Far East was crushed in 1921, Ungern-Sternberg's division fled to the Mongolian side of the border, establishing their power there. Instrumental in the advance on Urga from Transbaikalia, Rezukhin would frequently be the actual operational commander of the Division, as Ungern would frequently dash into the foray and heat of battle.\n\nRezukhin's tactical acumen and operational skill would be instrumental in the Division's success, and as a result both he and Ungern would be made Mongolian Princes by the restored Bogd Khan in 1921. Vested with the defence of Urga during the last light of the Mongolian campaign, he would defend the city during the 1921 and 1924 MAN revolutions. During the Inner Mongolian Campaign, Rezukhin devised the broad strategic plans for the securing of Xilingol League and the Chahar Tribes.§!\n\n§YNotes: He is practically a stranger in the Cossack milieu, preferring Parisian cafes, a shot of liquor and coffee, alongside a pleasant conversation.\nHe has developed into a pale copy of the Baron, mechannically imitating his mannerisms, and is utterly devoted; loving him; pitying him.\nHe values neither money nor life itself, and thus can exercise command over men who value both.§!
Urzhin Garmaev
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in Makarovo Village, Transbaikal Oblast, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to the Buryrat people, as a member of the northernmost Mongolian subgroup, Garmaev initially grew up to become a language teacher. He felt little in the way of a call to any national identity or supposed homeland, living most of his life under Tsarist oppression until he made a life changing visit in 1917 to the Tsugol Datsan Monastery. There, the chief Lama recommended he join the fight against the godless Bolsheviks to defend the Buryat and Buddhist way of life, encouraging him to enlist under the local cossack Ataman, Grigory Semyonov. Garmaev rapidly gained Semyonov's attention and was tasked with recruiting Buryrat speaking soldiers, a task which he excelled at.\n\nHe was promoted to the officer rank and assigned to the newly formed Buryat-Mongolian regiment 1919, which was sent to support Baron Ungern-Sternberg's expedition into Mongolia. Garmaev became enamoured with the Mad Baron's eccentric sense of Mongolian nationalism, having already begun to form his own set of core beliefs, after his visit to Tsugol Datsan. He was encouraged by both Sternberg and Semyonov to preach pan-Mongolian nationalism to the regiment's troops, as well as the civilians they came across, as a means to indoctrinate them into opposing the Bolsheviks.\n\nThis eventually caused Garmaev to break with Semyonov, as he grew fearful that the Ataman merely wished to exploit the Buryats and the Mongols for his own purposes, whilst viewing Sternberg as a more rightful leader, who truly had the Mongolic peoples best interests at heart. He was rapidly promoted into a leadership position by Sternberg, and has maintained a great deal of influence, both within the Mad Baron's administration, but also a growing popularity among the right leaning Mongolian nationalists who have come to accept Garmaev as one of their own.§!
Li Shouxin
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 11th, 1892, in Tumed Right Banner, Josutu League, Inner Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe fascinating self-serving yet simultaneously half-nationalistic descendant of Han followers, Li Shouxin would have far from a normal childhood for a Mongol Follower. Originally sent to a local monastery to become a Buddhist lama, Li would be pressed by a group of Han Chinese anti-Manchu bandits into taking care of their horses, and from there onwards was completely separated from Mongol culture. When the head of the bandits died, Li was elected the new leader due to his innate charisma and courage, resulting in his bandit posse becoming the \
Buddhist Council
§YFounded:§! §L1924, in Niislel Khuree, Great Mongolian State§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCreated in light of Baron Ungern's excesses and fear for the potential corruption of the 2nd Bogd Khan, the 9th Jebtsundamba Khutukhtu, the Buddhist Council (Buddyn Zövlöl) is staffed by elites of the lama feudal clergy. Including the 7th Changkya Khutukhtu, the Diluwa Khutukhtu, the Yonzon Hamba, Eregdendagva, Galsandash, and many other high ranking lamas, it extols the virtues of Mongolia's singular uniting force: Buddhism.\n\nOpposed to revolution, reform, the nobles, and Ungern, the lamaist theocracy hopes to re-instill the strength and dominance of the Mongolian Sangha in-light of its dimming influence due to the passing of the previous incarnation of the Bogd Khan. Similarly, it hopes to foster a true regency, training the infant Khan to eventually exert his full will upon his subjects, against the lama's enemies, and for a rekindled relationship with Tibet.§!
Yondonwangchug
§YBorn:§! §L1871, in Khalkha Right Banner, Ulanqab League, Inner Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LStudying Tibetan and Chinese in his early years, Yondonwangchug would become deputy head of Ulanqab League in 1896. In 1912, he was recongised as a Prince by the Beiyang Government, and served as the official leader of the Ulanqab League and the Darhan Banner. In 1924 he carried out a series of reforms in his League, establishing the first school there. Collaborating extensively with fellow Prince Demchugdongrub in assuring the smooth integration of Inner Mongolia into Outer Mongolia, Yondonwangchug was one of the founding members and pioneers of the Noble Council. Hoping to see Mongolia's capacity for Pan-Mongol claims restore his rightful suzerainty over all of the Ulanqab League, much of which remains in Suiyuan Province.§!\n\n§YNotes: Yondonwangchug's nickname is that of Prince Yun.§!
Buyankeshik
§YBorn:§! §L1887, in Hejing County, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe Fifth Sengchen Rinpoche of the Gelugpa sect of Tibetan Buddhism, Sengchen Thubbstan Tshering, birthname Buyankeshik, is an Oirat Mongolian from Xinjiang that was recognised in 1890 as the reincarnation of his predecessor. The only Mongolian Reincarnation of the Sengchen Rinpoche, he went to Ganden Monastery in Lhasa in 1893 to study scripture. Taking the name Losang Tsereng Chemin, he would be granted the title Dobudong by the 13th Dalai Lama, changing his name to Dobudong Tsereng Chemin.\n\nIn 1914 he was awarded the title of Toyin kanbu by the Beiyang Government, and following his brother's death and his nephews ascension as Jasagh of the Unensuzhuktu League, Tshering would be appointed as the commander of the Mongolian Cavalry Regiment, and later brigade. Temporarily granted suzerainty as regent in 1923 by the Beiyang Government, he became the highest local official within the region. Following threats from Jin Shuren, Tshering would flee across the border to Outer Mongolia to seek refuge in 1932, leaving his Nephew to rule the League in his stead.§!
Dogsomyn Bodoo
§YBorn:§! §L1885, in Mandshir Hutagt, Khan'alin League, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LObtaining a preliminary education at the Manjusri Monastery, Bodoo would then study at the Mongolian Language and Literature School in Khüree, later becoming a scribe at the religious affairs office. Later on, he would become a Mongolian Language teacher at the Russian-Mongolian School for translaters, being literate in Mongolian, Tibetan, Manchu and Chinese. Becoming the Khüree representative of the Harbin newspaper Mongolyn Sonin Bichig, he would also become correspondent and editor of Shine Tol' and Nisslel Hüreeniy Sonin Bichig newspapers.\n\nIn light of the Chinese occupation of Mongolia, Bodoo would found the Consular Hill Group with the likes of Choibalsan and Chagdarjav. Soon enough, individuals such as Losol would join his ranks. Running in parallel to Bodoo's own resistance group would be that of the East Khüree, founded by Solin Danzan. Amongst his ranks would be that of Dogsom, Sükhbaatar and others. Joining forces to distribute leaflets condemning Chinese tyranny, and to keep tabs on the Bogd Khan's government, the group would eventually form into the Mongolian People's Party.\n\nInfluential in the party as its core founder besides Danzan, Bodoo would weather the storm overseeing the various efforts of representing MAN on the international stage. Having ushered in the new generation of his faction of the party under Losol, Bodoo is keen to play power politics in the background of the party, manoeuvering pieces on a chess board to ensure MAN's survival, and his own supremacy.§!
Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj
The \
§YBorn:§! §L1898, in Niislel Khüree, Inner Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MON_tseren_ochiryn_dambadorj_bio$§!
§YBorn:§! §L1898, in Niislel Khüree, Inner Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MON_tseren_ochiryn_dambadorj_bio$§!\n\n§YNotes: Dambadorj fashions himself somewhat akin to Mongolia's own Savinkov.§!
Gelegdorjiin Demid
§YBorn:§! §L1900, in Khan-Andur Bagh, Qiqirlik League, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoining the Mongolian People's Party in 1921, Demid would see invaluable service as a young partisan soldier during the Mongolian Revolutions of 1921 and 1924. However with the failure of both revolts, Demid would find himself sent by Sükhbaatar to Russia to study at the various officer academies there. Returning in 1929, he was placed in-charge of MAN's underground military academy, and in 1930 was elected to the Party's Central Committee. Having become a close aide and preferred protégé of Sükhbaatar, he has found an inescapable hatred and scorn from Choibalsan, who sees himself as the rightful heir of Sükhbaatar's military legacy, even if his old mentor would rather distance himself.§!\n\n§YNotes: Demid is a strong proponent of the technological modernisation of Mongolia's military, and hopes to substantially increase stockpiles of automobiles, trucks, planes, and modern weapons.§!
Jengjuurjab
§YBorn:§! §L1906, in Tumed Left Banner, Josutu League, Inner Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of the infamous Babojab, who at the time of Jengjuurjab was a mere chief of the patrol police in Zhangwu County, Jengjuurjab's life would be forever distorted by the efforts of his father in the Manchu-Mongolian Independence Movement. Taking his family to Kulun in 1912, he would perish in 1916 following a concerted Chinese-Mongolian effort to stop his border raids. After his father's death, Jengjuurjab would be sent to Lushunkou in Fengtian Province, entering the Lushun Japanese Secondary School. Instilled with the idea of Mongolian Independence, he would travel to Japan in 1922 to study at the Tokyo Prefectural Sixth Junior High School.\n\nDuring his time there, Jengjuurjab took the Japanese name \
Darijaya
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 6th, 1906, in Alxa Elute Banner, Alxa League, Inner Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMoving to Beijing with his parents from a young age, Darijaya would study at Qiushi Middle School and later Beijing University. In 1925 he would marry Jin Yuncheng, a member of the Aisin-Gioro clan due to being a daughter of Zaitao and a cousin of Puyi. In 1928 he would travel to Fengtian to study in the Fengtian Army Officer Corps, becoming sworn brothers with Zhang Xueliang, and in 1931 he would inherit the title of Jasagh of Alxa Banner. Carrying out a series of reforms within his Banner, he would close the old yamen, and establish a new government staffed with young, educated people. In early 1935 he would receive the Ninth Panchen Lama, and participated in the Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission of the Beiyang Government.\n\nFearing his connections to Tibet, and to the Japanese, he would be driven out from his banner by Ma Hongkui. Fleeing across the border into Outer Mongolia, Darijaya would find a welcome ally in the likes of the Noble Council, being embraced by his fellow Inner Mongolian nobles. However he makes no pretenses to interfere in the politics of Outer Mongolia, only hoping to return to his homestead, be it under Mongolian or Chinese rule.§!\n\n§YNotes: Darijaya's nickname is Prince Ta, and he is known for his keen interest in protecting the rights of his native League.§!
Ganjuurjab
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 8th, 1903, in Tumed Left Banner, Josotu League, Inner Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSecond son of the infamous Babojab, Ganjuurjab's time with his father would be brief, but it would leave a lasting impact due to his father's campaigns in Inner Mongolia, ennoblement, and role in the Manchu-Mongolian Independence Movement. Following his father on his ventures, Ganjuurjab would ultimately be taken in by Japan (who had given his father clandestine support) after Babojab's death in 1916. Studying at Waseda University in Japan, Ganjuurjab would drop out midway, and in 1925 would enter the Army Officer School under the name Han Shaoyue.\n\nIn 1927 he would marry Aisin-Gioro Shanqi's daughter, Aisin-Gioro Xianyu, effectively integrating him into the Aisin-Gioro royal family. Finishing his studies, he would rekindle his hope, adoration, and love for his native land of Inner Mongolia, and would work with his brother, Jengjuurjab to raise the \
Damdin Sükhbaatar
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 2nd, 1893, in Maymaa, Ikh Khüree, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe Legendary \
Gonchigiyn Bumtsend
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 11th, 1881, in Züünbürenhanuul Hoshuu, Khan'alin League, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of a poor herding family, Bumtsend taught himself how to read and write the Mongolian script at the age of 13, and helped neighbouring illiterate herdsman in his area write petitions to the government. Working as a woodworker and a cart driver at a horse relay station, he would move to the capital Khüree to work as a labourer. Becoming first immersed with the MAN revolutionaries in 1920, during his tenure as a civil servant in the administration of his local hoshuu, Bumtsend aided the Mongolian Partisan Army by collecting winter clothing for them, and writing propaganda.\n\nBeing made a unit commander by Sükhbaatar during the first MAN revolution, Bumtsend played a role in defeating the Chinese garrison at Kyakhta, however his guerrilla unit could not survive without Soviet support, and ultimately had to withdraw into the hinterlands with the rest of the Army. Fighting in the second uprising once more, Bumtsend would only officially have joined the party a year earlier, in 1923. Ultimately failed yet again, he would spend most of his time in the interim engaging with skirmishes with government forces, remaining forever elusive. On the onset of the 1930s, he was placed in-charge of his own local party cell, hoping to cultivate MAN sympathy amongst the masses.§!
Balingiin Tserendorj
§YBorn:§! §LMay 25th, 1868, in Kherlen Bayan Ulaan, Khan'alin League, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFluent in Manchu, Mongolian, Chinese and Russian, Tserendorj would start his career in professional life working as a translator in the Kulun Minister's Office, awarded a rank in the Qing Dynasty due to his efforts. Following the declaration of Mongolian Independence, he would serve in the Foreign Ministry rising to become deputy foreign minister in 1913, and then in 1915 was promoted to Foreign Minister after his predecessor and friend, Mijiddorjiin Khanddorj, was executed by the Bogd Khan.\n\nRising to such a position at a critical juncture in Mongolia's nationhood, his primary goal was to secure the international recognition of Mongolia's independence. Attempting to curry favour with Russia, he would accompany the Prime Minister Namnansüren during the 8-month long Kyakhta Treaty conference between Russia and China. Unfortunately his hopes were dashed as Russia and China agreed that Mongolia was merely an autonomous region within China. Maintaining his position in light of Xu Shuzheng's occupation, his career would suffer irreparable damage due to his collaboration.\n\nMaintaining his position as foreign minister even during Ungern's invasion, he would sign a series of treaties with Russia on Ungern's behalf, and gained a reputation for pragmatism, durability, and integrity to the functions of the Mongolian state. Widely used, widely respected, Tserendorj has managed to secure Mongolia's position not through force of arms, but through the wit of word.§!
Zhamsranzhavyn Galsandash
§YBorn:§! §L1870, in Right Rear Banner, Chechen League, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRecognised as the reincarnation of the Yuggeji Living Buddha at the age of 5, Galsandash would study and train to become a monk. Entering a pilgrimage to Beijing, Dolon Noor, Mount Wutai, Kumbum Monastery, Erdenizhao, and Kulun, he would attain the titles of Hutuktu and Khenpo in 1902. Sympathising with Outer Mongolian Independence, he would be appointed by the Bogd Khan in 1913 as the Councillor of the Southeast Provinces. From then onwards until 1920, he would spent much of his time on the roads within Inner Mongolia, representing the Mongolian Government. Engaging in discussions with the various princes there.\n\nSheltering Babujab in his temple in 1915, Chinese soldiers would ultimately capture his temple in chase of the Manch-Mongol renegade, and arrest Galsandash whilst Babujab fled to Hulunbuir. With the Beiyang Government experiencing severe blowback both from Mongolia and Russia, they would ultimately withdraw in 1916, but Galsandash was taken with the Chinese troops to Beijing to be presented to the President, albeit ultimately allowed to return.\n\nFollowing Ungern's invasion and the MAN uprising, Galsandash played an instrumental role acting as a \
Sambadondogiin Tserendorj
§YBorn:§! §L1872, in Left End Banner, Qiqirlik League, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LConsidered the 6th Reincarnation of the Donkor-Manjushri Gegen, at the age of 5, Tserendorj would take his place as Abbot of Manjusri Monastery in 1880. Graduating from the Zhacang in Khüree at the age of 16, he would he would attain the Geshe degree, signifying with great quantity of his servitude to Buddhism. A strong supporter of Mongolian Independence, he would ultimately distance himself from public affairs following the establishment of the Bogd Khanate. A kind, wordly, quiet, and learned man, he would be bestowed with the title of Hutuktu, becoming the first person in the Living Buddha system to be officially canonized, being second only to that of the Dalai Lama and Panchen Erdeni. Granted a seal, an imperial edict, and placed in-charge of Bogd Geden lineage of Buddhism, he would remain dedicated towards his practice.\n\nFollowing the upheaval in the early 1920s, Ungern would transfer the Bogd Khan to Tserendorj's monastery. Reportedly, the Khan and Hutukhtu discussed the new government, and rightfully enough following his restoration he would appoint Tserendorj as Acting Chief Minister. Later becoming Interior Minister following the Second MAN Revolution, Tserendorj is a humble man, hoping to train the 9th Jebtsundamba Khutukhtu in the ways of pious Buddhism, and has refrained from associating with the radical theocrats of the 7th Changkya Khutukhtu.§!
Kamil Gizycki
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 19th, 1893, in Grybów, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGraduating from the renowned Jesuit high school in Chyrów, and then the Technical University in Munich, Kamil Gizycki would fight in the ranks of the Austro-Hungarian army. Seriously wounded near Częstochowa, he would be taken prisoner by the Russian Army, and sent to Siberia. Utilising family connections, he would gain freedom, becoming the director of an agricultural implement factory, and travelling around Siberia, going as far as Okhotsk. After the February Revolution, he would join the Czechoslovak Corps, fighting the Bolsheviks. Joining the Polish Siberian Division in 1919 as a second lieutenant, he would serve in an engineering battalion.\n\nOnce again intermittently managing an agricultural implement factory, Kamil would see mixed fighting in the dawning months of the Russian Civil War, and would return to Siberia to expand his enterprises into Tuvan lands. Taken up by Baron Ungern's invasion of Mongolia in 1921, he would join his army, fighting for the Baron. Later organising an armament factory that produced grenades, mines, and poison gas for Ungern, he would become commander of a chemical detachment.\n\nConsidering leaving Mongolia once Ungern's rule was secured, Kamil would travel to Manchuria to become a military instructor, and work as an engineer on the Chinese Eastern Railway, even establishing ties with Semyonov and his exiles. However following the outbreak of the Russo-Fengtian War in 1929, Kamil would rapidly abandon his post, and flee back to Mongolia, welcomed by Ungern's forces.§!\n\n§YNotes: He finds Fedrynand Ossendowski quite agreeable, and the two frequently plan out future adventures and expeditions together.§!
Ferdynand Ossendowski
§YBorn:§! §LMay 27th, 1876, in Ludza, Vitebsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a wealthy family with Lipka Tatar roots, Fedrynand Ossendowski would study at the famous gymnasium in Kamieniec Podolski, but would move with his father to St. Petersburg, where he would graduate from a Russian language school. Joining the mathematical-physics faculty of his local university, he would study chemistry, and travel to a variety of distant areas of the empire: Siberia, the Caucasus, the Altay Mountains. Furthermore his summer job would take him to Crimea, Japan, Sumatra, Malaya, Indonesia, and China. Leaving Imperial Russia in 1899 and travelling to Paris, Fedrynand had already become a semi-renowned writer at the time.\n\nStudying at the Sorbonne, he would be tutored by Marie Curie and marcelin Berthelot, and would return to Russia to teach at Tomsk State University, publishing numerous scientific works in various fields. Travelling furthher to Manchuria, Sakhalin, Ussuri and Korea, Ossendowski would become involved in the Polish Revolutionary movement, for which he was arrested. Devoting himself to writing, he would become very popular in Russia. Fleeing the February Revolution by moving to Omsk, he would serve in Kolchak's White Government.\n\nFollowing Soviet defeat, Ossendowski would become enamoured by news of Roman Ungern-Sternberg's exploits in Mongolia, and would offer his services to the Baron, serving as a political advisor and chief of intelligence. Continuing to write prolifically, Ferdynand would publish a series of books detailing his travels during the Russian Civil War, and the campaigns led by the \
Sungjingwangchug
§YBorn:§! §L1885, in Khuuchid Left Banner, Xilingol League, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPrince of Khuuchid Left Banner, in 1916 Sungjingwangchug, hereby written as Prince Sung, inherited his father's title as the Jasag of Khuuchid Left Banner. Sung himself is very close to the Xilingol League Leader Prince So, but his relations with its deputy League Leader Prince De (Demchugdongrub) are merely cordial. Despite this, he is a well-known moderate amongst Eastern Xilingol banner leaders, and whilst not a die-hard supporter of the Noble Council, at least understands the merits of their crusade to protect noble rights and traditions. Infamous for his loyalty and kindness, Sung finds himself to be an undeniably accomplished bureaucrat, at least in inner Mongolian affairs.§!
Diluwa Khutukhtu Jamsranjav
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1884, in Zagdsambar Khoshuu, Zakbilaseqin Bidurnuoer League, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to commoner parents in Zasagt Khan Aimag, Jamsranjav would be recognised as a reincarnation of a Buddhist Tulku by the Bogd Khan, and thereafter would live with his family in Niislel Khuree, entering into a lama education. A child prodigy in his studies, he would achieve high ranking lama status at an accelerated rate; clearing all exams fairly easily. Attempting to aid in the Mongolian struggle for independence, he would see the peaceful withdrawal of the Qing from Uliastai in 1912.\n\nIncredibly well respected by the First Prime Minister, Namnansuren, he would be offered a government position but ultimately declined to focus on his work as a lama. In 1917 he worked alongside Magsarjav to lead troops in South Eastern Outer Mongolia, and again to push out the White Russians from Mongolia in 1919. Following the Anhui incorporation of Mongolia, Jamsranjav would work with the Nobleman's Group to resist the Chinese, attempting (alongside Damdinbazar) to use the United States Consulate to pressure China to withdraw.\n\nFailing, he would establish ties with the Mongolian People's Party, becoming a non-party affiliate. Conducting further extensive work with Magsarjav in eliminating resistance following the deposition of the Chinese by Baron Ungern, he would become Deputy Minister of Uliastai, assisting in the assassination of Ja Lama. Returning to monastery life thereafter, Jamsranjav would be swept up in Mongolia's political currents due to his keen friendship with Prince De. A leading figure of Mongolian Buddhism, he straddles the line between all dynamics of Mongol political life.§!\n\n§YNotes: Jamsranjav draws friendships from across the board; Owen Lattimore, Prince De, Baron Ungern, the Zhili, and even the Japanese.§!
Amurlingkui
§YBorn:§! §L1886, in Horqin Left Rear Banner, Jelim League, Inner Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA Khorchin Mongol nobleman, with the Chinese name of Se Enfu, Amurlingkui can tie his legacy to the younger brother of Genghis Khan, Qasar. Succeeding his grandfather as Jasagh of the Horqin Left Rear Banner, he would receive a traditional higher education, learning the classics and writing in Classical Chinese. Quite gifted at writing poems, prose, and practicing calligraphy, he would be granted his own fiefdom in Horqin after coming of age. Collaborating with other Inner Mongolian noblemen to support Aisin-Gioro during the Xinhai Revolution, their support would ultimately reorient towards Yuan Shikai following his seizure of power.\n\nWith the fall of the Qing, he would become a senator in the provisional senate of the Republic, and a memebr of the political council. Participating in the second congress of the Republic of China, Amurlingkui would come under economic duress in his later years. Taxes ceased to be collected from the peasants of his fief, and the salaries from the Beiyang cognress were not sufficient to support his many relatives. Selling his mansion in Beijing, Amurlingkui would ultimately subjugate himself, at least economically, to the interests of the other Inner Mongolian Princes.\n\nWith the incorporation of his fiefdom into the Mongolian Khanate in the later years of the 20s, Amurlingkui would band together with the other Inner Mongolian princes such as Demchugdongrub, and Altanochir alongside the Outer Mongolian Noblemen to form the Noble Council.§!
Ajvaagiin Danzan
§YBorn:§! §L1895, in Khan'alin League, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a peasant family, Danzan would travel to Japan in 1916, ultimately gaining the future moniker of \
Shirnengiin Ayuush
§YBorn:§! §L1903, in Amgalanbaatar, Khan'alin League, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA devotedy outh activist by the age of 21, Ayuush would travel to the Institute of Oriental Studies in Moscow, and in 1924 would graduate. A fervent writer, and theatre worker, Ayuush would return to Urga to perform and write prose, becoming a national celebrity for his arsenal of work. Composing famous pieces integrating traditional folk melodies alognside commentary on topical problems of the time, he would be awarded for his services to Mongolian literature in 1935. Writing two books on theatre studies called \
Dorjjavyn Luvsansharav
§YBorn:§! §L1900, in Zakbilaseqin Bidurnuoer League, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSent away at the age of 10 to Möröngiin Khuree monastery to become a lama, Luvsansharav would ultimately flee and escape from the restrictive monk lifestyle in 1921. Joining the Mongolian People's Party in 1925, he would start his political career leading a local revolutionary cell, making a name for himself within party circles by zealously fighting rightists within the party ranks. Attending University within Moscow from 1928 to 1929, Luvsansharav would return to Mongolia to once more take up leadership of MAN's guerrilla cells within Khan-Taishir-Uul province. Elected as one of the party's three secretaries of the Central Committee, he has garnered much ire from many ranks of the party for his destabilising presence.§!
Sonombalshiryn Bujannemech
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1902, in Gob-Tushe-gun Khoshun, Khan'alin League, Outer Mongolia, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAn orphan at the age of five, Bujannemech would be taken in by his moderately poor aunt, Chimid. Being adopted by Togtoh Taiji of the Jirmian Assembly, Chimid, her husband and Bujannemech would be thrust into a life of relative luxury. A cultured and rich family, teachers were invited into the family home to homeschool the children, adopted and biological alike. Being taught Mongolian, Chinese, and Manchu, Bujannemech would advance to an elementary school; studying Russian, and further Chinese in addition to national literature, and the classics in both Manchu and Chinese.\n\nMeeting the MAN revolutionaries in Khiagta in 1920, he would become a known quantity to the \
Army Reform Council
§YFounded:§! §Lin Niislel Khuree, Great Mongolian State§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe Mongolian Army Reform Council is a bureau of the Ministry of Military Affairs that includes the Commander-in-Chief of the Mongolian Military and the Minister of Military Affairs, alongside an elected committee of advisors and members of the Council of Ministers. Included within its responsibilities is that of military commissions, armament and ordinance acquisition, internal security matters, and most critically the modernisation and refinement of the Mongolian Common Soldier and Officer Corps.\n\nEliciting extensive assistance from foreign advisors, the Council forms a para-political force within Mongolian politics, in-part due to its dubious control on the state security apparatus, and the armed forces. However in the day-to-day operations the council rarely infringes upon the political sphere, instead focusing on the promulgation of Officer's academies, and the training of future soldiers.§!
The \
§LA man of infinite eccentricities, the myth of the Mad Baron is that of a dubious one, yet it nonetheless characterises Ungern's multifacted and dangerous nature.§!
Heir of Prince Gung
The Last Preceptor
Princely Eccentric
Abiding Collaborator
The Guiding Spirit
The Green Herdsman
The Wise Minister
