Central America
Central American
Central America
Centroamérica
Centroamerican
Centroamérica
Centroamérica
Centroamerican
Centroamérica
Centroamérica
Centroamerican
Centroamérica
Central American Confederation
the Central American Confederation
Central American Confederation
the Central American Confederation
Central American Confederation
the Central American Confederation
Central American Confederation
the Central American Confederation
Central American Republic
the Central American Republic
Central American Republic
the Central American Republic
Central American Republic
the Central American Republic
Partido Maximista (Maximist Party)
PM
Confederación Obrera de Centro América (Central American Workers' Confederation)
COCA
Partido Nacional Revolucionario (National Revolutionary Party)
PNR
Partido Popular (Popular Party)
PP
Partido Liberal (Liberal Party)
PL
Partido de Unificación Democratica (Democratic Unification Party)
PUD
Partido Unionista (Unionist Party)
PU
Partido Liberal Nacionalista (Nationalist Liberal Party)
PLN
Partido Liberal Progresista (Progressive Liberal Party)
PLP
Partido Nacional Pro-Patria (National Party of the Fatherland)
PNPP
[ROOT.CEN_GetCountryGuideContent]
We will get one of the following, depending in our current ruling ideology when we complete de decision £decision_icon_small §Y$CEN_unite_central_america$§!:\n\n$CEN_guide_soc$\n------------------------------------------\n$CEN_guide_dem$\n------------------------------------------\n$CEN_guide_mil$
§MCentroamerican Congress§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$ / $syndicalist_coloured$ / $totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Some time after completing §YThe First Central American Congress§! focus, 4 events concerning our internal matters will appear (\
§MCentral American Elections§! ($social_conservative_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot After the focus §YStart the Constitutional Convention§! is completed, a snap election will occur, with the §SPartido del Trabajo§!, the §lPartido Liberal§!, the §mPartido de Unificación Democratica§!, the §cPartido Unionista§! and the §SPartido Nacional Revolucionario§! being able to be elected.\n£white_dot After this, elections will be held every 4 years with the same parties.\n\n§MForeign Policy§!\n§MEntente§!\nEither:\n£white_dot Complete the focus §YDefending Our Interests§!.\n£white_dot If the West Indies Federation is in the Entente; complete the decision £decision_icon_small §Y$CENdem_status_british_honduras$§! and choose any option in the proceeding event.\n£white_dot Complete the decision £decision_icon_small §YJoin the Entente§! to join the faction.\n\n£white_dot Or, complete the focus §YApproach the Entente§! and choose any of the option in the proceeding event.\n\n§MDemocratic Alliance of the Caribbean§!\n£white_dot Complete any of the following focuses: §YDefending Our Interests§!, §YFriendship in Central America§!, §YPounce at the Right Opportunity§! or §YFor the Defence of the Caribbean§!.\n£white_dot Complete the decision £decision_icon_small §Y$CENdem_form_faction$§! to gain access to decision to invite all democratic Central American, Caribbean and northern South American nations into our faction.
§MCentral American Military Congress§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$ / $paternal_autocrat_coloured$ / $national_populist_coloured$)\n§CNote: Should Martínez and the §nPNPP§! had been overthrown in El Salvador, he will not be able to be become our leader and the options that boost $national_populist_coloured$ support will also not appear.§!\n\n£white_dot After beginning the §YMilitary Congress§! focus, 4 events concerning our internal matters will appear (\
Revolutionary Council
§YBackground:§! §LCentral America has at last been reunited, but the nation's political structure is not yet finalised. A temporary transitional government has been established for the time being with most socialist power blocs from across the region at least nominally represented.§!
Central American Council
§YBackground:§! §LCentral America has at last been reunited, but the nation's political structure is not yet finalised. A temporary transitional government has been established for the time being with most democratic power blocs from across the region at least nominally represented.§!
Military Council
§YBackground:§! §LCentral America has at last been reunited, but the nation's political structure is not yet finalised. A temporary transitional government has been established for the time being with most armed forces based power blocs from across the region at least nominally represented.§!
Central American Politics
Central American politics can be complex at times. It deeply involves playing off of each other while staying on the good side of whoever has their eyes on the region, and will need to be navigated carefully.
[CEN_unite_central_america_title]
[CEN_unite_central_america_description]
Form Centroamérica
The revolution has succeeded! The shackles of military government and those who oppose Socialism have been kicked out of our rightful lands, leaving only liberated lands in its wake. This would be the perfect time to make a united Central America, in order to fend off foreign influence forever more.
Form the Central American Confederation
With the wiping out of the corrupt military governments and the radical socialists, all that's left in Central America is the idea of Liberalism. Together, we shall free the people of Central America from both ourselves and outside threats.
Form the Central American Republic
We now stand firm above all others as American aligned military governments, with the ideas of Liberalism and Socialism thoroughly suppressed. We can now form a Central American nation in order to both benefit the nation along with helping the Americans in their plight.
The Battle for Central America
What seemed once so plentiful, will soon be something of the past. Peace is something we will not know for a while as the entire region enters conflict. What is certain is that Central America will change forever and it is up to us to change it for the better. The region's fate lies in the balance...
Establish Ties with [FROM.GetNameDef]
[CEN_form_ties_desc_text]
The Guatemalans have finally managed to overthrow the previous three decades of military rule, securing the state for themselves. Today is a great day for Guatemala, one we must congratulate them for.
El Salvador has managed to avenge the massacre of 1932 by overthrowing the decadent Pro-Patria party from power. No longer shall their people be slaughtered like pigs, instead seeing a bright new life in the future we can tread into together.
While the 'revolution' in Honduras years ago lightened up slightly compared to the old dictator, the peasant's council proved to just be another dictatorship in disguise. Not for long however, as the Honduran people have liberated themselves, marching into a new light for Central America, one we shall walk with them.
Nicaragua has served as the home of the ideals of Central American socialism since 1932, and they have not failed on us. Remaining ever loyal to the revolution, we shall now step into the light alongside them to liberate the rest of Central America.
Guatemala has managed to escape their coalition with the socialists. They shall now serve as a beacon of democratic Central American unity, one that we must ally.
El Salvador has managed to restore the position of the presidency following the rule of the Pro-Patria party. We must ensure we remain on their good side in the case of future conflicts.
Honduras has managed to hold its first truly open elections following the collapse of America, opening up the possibility of a new democratic bastion in Central America. We must ensure that they remain this way.
Nicaragua in an unexpected turn of events has managed to dispose of Sandino from Nicaragua and establish a 'True revolutionary republic', based off the ideals of liberalism. We should join them in celebrating this transformation.
Through general persistence and grit, Guatemala's Partido Liberal has retained power against their revolutionary threat. We must ensure they never come under threat again.
The dictatorship in El Salvador has managed to survive its second revolution in the past decade, proving their resilience. We need to ensure we cooperate with them further into the future.
The new rule of Honduras in the '30s has managed to retain itself, weathering the heavy storm the American Civil War had to offer. In the name of preventing another crisis similar to this, we must ensure closer cooperation between our nations.
Nicaragua had managed to find itself on the back end in its war against Honduras, with the exiled Guardia being placed in power. As a type of congratulations, maybe we should send an envoy?
Found the Revolutionary Front
Discussed among many of our politicians, we have concluded that we need to found a pact among now and future socialist nations within Central America in order to oppose the liberals and dictators against us.
Found the Liberal Pact
The idea of a pact between liberal aligned countries within Central America is something we should consider to fight off military governments and socialist revolutionaries with others into the future.
Found the People's Vanguard
The People's Vanguard, meant to safeguard Central Americans from external threats, shall be found here in an attempt to resist the revolution at all costs.
Join the [ROOT.CEN_join_faction_title]
[CEN_socialist_leader.GetFactionName]
[CEN_military_leader.GetFactionName]
[CEN_liberal_leader.GetFactionName]
[ROOT.CEN_join_faction_desc]
The Revolutionary Front founded by like-minded individuals hoping to band together to bring socialism to Central America. It is our job to join it, for the sake of our brethren abroad.
The People's Vanguard has been founded in an attempt to defend the people from themselves, and is most definitely something we should consider joining.
The liberal pact has been founded by a fellow democratic country, ready to overthrow both the socialists and autocracies in the name of the people.
Leave the [FROM.GetFactionName]
Invite [FROM.GetNameDef] to the [ROOT.GetFactionName]
[CEN_invite_country_to_faction_desc_text]
Guatemala has managed to end three decades of military stagnation, ready to propel themselves into the future. Together we shall liberate Central America.
Honduras, despite some questioning their ruling methods, has fallen to revolution and is a needed member of the front.
El Salvador, having one of the cruellest dictators of all of Central America, has managed to break free from their chains binding them. Their participation in the front is necessary.
Nicaragua has served as the bastion of the Central American revolution ever since 1933, and will be an essential member of the front.
Guatemala has managed to finish their struggle for liberty and Central American unification ideals, ready to join us in our fight for freedom.
El Salvador now stands as a rightful presidential republic, seeing the light of democracy and the ideals of liberalism.
Honduras has managed to peacefully transform to a period of democracy, and seems willing to join us in our struggle against those who oppose us.
Nicaragua has managed to remove their personal chains of both socialism and the United States, ready to stand with us for a better Central America.
Guatemala's decade long status quo presidency has managed to be retained through blood, sweat and tears, ready to ensure the status quo is retained once and for all.
El Salvador, after surviving its second revolution, sees itself as ready to stamp out socialism and liberalism as a means of preventing even more death among their people.
Honduras managed to retain the status quo throughout the past year, proving itself ready to protect their people from themselves in the People's Vanguard.
Nicaragua has seen itself manage to become independent after its occupation by Honduras, and sees itself as ready to help us in our cause.
[CEN_attack_country_title]
[CEN_attack_country_description]
End Petty Liberalism
While not as much of a direct threat as the dictators around us, liberalism is a very dangerous cause as it serves as our direct counter. It must be stamped out as well.
Overthrow the Dictators
These dictators have prevented the rise of socialism for far too long, and that ends now.
Eradicating the Radicals
Socialism is a direct threat to liberty and self-determination of the people, and serves as just as much of a threat as the oppressive dictators.
Reclaiming Our Destiny
Our long rivals, the military and dictators of Central America, will finally be brought to justice once and for all by our own hands.
Stamp Out Socialism
With tensions ready to explode any minute within Central America, maybe it is time to spark the conflict with the socialists?
End the Threat of Liberalism
Liberalism has threatened our kind for long enough, with things already at a boiling point, why not start it all with the liberals?
Diplomatic Ties
Treaty of Friendship
This war will not cause a war between the Entente and the Reichspakt.
Has completed 4 political national focuses.
§RConflict will soon break out on the sub-continent, we must be ready§!
§RWith this, the wheels of conflict deciding Central America's fate will begin to turn.§!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Sends an Embassy
With the success of the socialist-Unity coalition, we have managed to escape the grasps of both Ubico and Orellana against all odds. This has managed to open up diplomacy with other like-minded revolutionary nations, the most recent example being [From.GetNameDefCap]. They hope to build ties with us and others to free the rest of Central America from what we also suffered from. Hopefully this can mean closer cooperation between our nations into the future.
Since we have achieved greater democracy, our liberal friends from [From.GetNameDefCap] have approached us to establish closer ties. This is a grand gesture, one we cannot ignore. We must cooperate with our friends to further democracy in the rest of Central America.
We have been approached by [From.GetNameDefCap]. They know our struggle and after we have successfully remained in power, they have now come to us with an offer of friendship. We cannot refuse this, as we are always threatened by revolution.
With the success of Martí in the revolution against the corrupt military dictatorship, he has managed to gain full control over El Salvador and truly free the people. This has been noticed by the fellow revolutionary country of [From.GetNameDefCap], hoping to build ties with us to free the rest of Central America from what we also suffered from. Hopefully this can mean closer cooperation between our nations into the future.
[From.GetNameDefCap] have sent a delegation to establish closer ties, following our restoration of the presidency. This shows serious goodwill, something we must return in our stead. We will establish a lasting friendship together, to hopefully be able to strengthen democracy throughout Central America.
Now that we have survived a second revolution, [From.GetNameDefCap] have come to us as friends. We must take this opportunity to develop closer ties, so we can stand united when we are once again threatened by the ever-looming scourge of revolution.
Despite many questioning the legitimacy of our socialism across Central America, it is universally agreed that we stand alongside the revolution with our Central American partners. As a result, [From.GetNameDefCap] has sent an embassy congratulating our new government for its success in its revolution, hoping for further collaboration down the line.
After successfully holding our first truly open elections, our democratic friends from [From.GetNameDefCap] have come to us to establish closer ties. This is a great proposition and we will together work on strengthening democracy in both our countries, and in the rest of Central America.
Now that we are firmly in power, [From.GetNameDefCap] have offered to develop closer ties. We must accept this, so we can work together to prevent revolution spreading throughout Central America. We do not want others falling, because when one has fallen, they will undoubtedly seek to topple the next.
As we have managed to survive through the storm of American occupation and Central American crisis, we are a highly desired ally among revolutionaries within Central America. [From.GetNameDefCap] has recognised this, sending us an embassy to ensure further cooperation between our nations.
Following our liberal transformation, [From.GetNameDefCap] has approached us to congratulate us on our achievement and with the offer of developing closer ties. We will of course accept this and establish a strong bond of friendship between fellow Central American nations, with the aim of strengthening democracy.
[From.GetNameDefCap] have come to us to develop better relations. We cannot refuse this as we are always at risk of being consumed by revolution, that is the nature of our regime. Developing closer ties with the countries like us will make sure that revolution will not spread throughout Central America.
Socialist unity comes out strong.
In times of trouble, we come together.
Together, we stand against the revolution.
Formation of the Revolutionary Front
The Revolutionary Front, founded by [From.GetNameDefCap] is meant to be a pact to organise the men of Central America against those who would oppress them. The liberals who have betrayed us so many times in the past, the military dictators who have hurt us, and the foreign oppressors who support them. It is time this shackle is thrown off once and for all!
The Revolutionary Front, founded by [From.GetNameDefCap] is meant to be a pact to organise the men of Central America against those who would oppress them. The liberals who have betrayed us so many times in the past, the military dictators who have hurt us, and the foreign oppressors who support them. It is time this shackle is thrown off once and for all!
The Revolutionary Front, founded by [From.GetNameDefCap] is meant to be a pact to organise the men of Central America against those who would oppress them. The liberals who have betrayed us so many times in the past, the military dictators who have hurt us, and the foreign oppressors who support them. It is time this shackle is thrown off once and for all!
A chance for socialism...
A new threat emerges.
A threat to our existence!
Formation of the Liberal Pact
A 'Liberal' Pact has been founded by [From.GetNameDefCap]! They claim that they will improve the lives of their countrymen, but in reality they just empower to the already rich and powerful, not unlike the military dictatorships they like to criticise. Furthermore, they claim that the Pact will be a bastion against socialist revolutionaries. We must prevent them from endangering our revolution!
[From.GetNameDefCap] has founded the Liberal Pact! it is designed to bring together the liberal countries of Central America to resist the evil growth of military dictatorships and socialist revolutionaries. Those who join it will defend each other and make sure that its members remain democratic.
[From.GetNameDefCap] has founded the Liberal Pact! They aim to bring together what they call the liberal nations of Central America. They however are unable to see that they are just weak-minded and weak-spirited. We must prevent them from mustering a coalition to topple our regime.
Those bunch are just as bad as the military.
It's time for true democracy!
You can't beat military democracy!
Formation of the People's Vanguard
The crooked dictatorship of [From.GetNameDefCap] has formed the People's Vanguard. They seek to insulate themselves from revolution by working together with other dictatorships! We will not allow this. We must prevent their coalition from taking shape and we must work hard to prevent them from ending the revolution in Central America. If they get what they want, all our work may be for nothing!
Because robbing their own people of their freedom is not enough, [From.GetNameDefCap] has formed the People's Vanguard. It is aimed to protect themselves from any outside challenge to their rule. We know that such an illiberal pact will soon fail, but we must make sure they do not permanently smother the torch of liberty in the rest of Central America. We must do everything we can to prevent them from attacking our democracy!
[From.GetNameDefCap] has founded the People's Vanguard! Just like us, they prefer a stronger type of government and for that reason, there are many who are jealous and seek to topple our governments. They seek to end this by working together to defend Central America from the rising tide of revolution.
Our biggest threat.
They won't stand for long.
Together, we may stand strong!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Joins the [ROOT.GetFactionName]!
With the founding of the Revolutionary Front, it has attracted many to work together to free our brethren across the countries. The first to answer this call has been [From.GetNameDefCap], joining us in our struggle against oppression and lies.
Our work has not been for nothing, as [From.GetNameDefCap] has joined the Liberal Pact! Together we will be stronger than alone and together we will be able to defend our shared values and our democracy. Together we can protect what is ours from the military dictators and socialist revolutionaries who wish to take it from us.
Our friends in [From.GetNameDefCap] have joined the People's Vanguard. We no longer stand alone in our struggle to contain the revolution in Central America. We will work together with them to prevent any kind of spark from threatening the stability of our rule. Together, we will be even stronger as the liberals and socialists are isolated.
Together for victory!
The torch of liberty stands strong.
The status-quo will be retained.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Petitions Us
[CEN_petition_accept_option]
[CEN_petition_refuse_option]
We have been petitioned to join the Revolutionary Front, the pact founded by [From.GetNameDefCap]! They have asked us to join them in their revolutionary struggle to help rally the men and women of Central America to truly liberate us all. They say that we can only resist our oppressors together. If we are united in this pact, we now we have to decide whether or not their struggle is also ours.
Together for victory!
Victory will have to be sought after on their own.
[From.GetNameDefCap] has asked us to join the Liberal Pact. Its stated aim is to further liberalism and democracy in Central America. United in a military pact, we would deter any opportunistic socialist revolutionaries and military regimes to try and attack our democracy. But we would also no longer be fully free to choose our own path. We must decide what option best suits our country.
For liberty! For the people!
Liberty belongs in one country, not many.
We have been petitioned by [From.GetNameDefCap] to join the People's Vanguard. They state that in this violent era, no regime is safe and that only by working together to safeguard stability can we efficiently resist the rising tide of liberalism and socialism. They say that without cooperation, the countries of Central America will one by one fall to revolution. We must decide whether it is worth it to join their cause.
Cooperation is key in desperate times.
We can stand on our own.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Joins the [ROOT.GetFactionName]
[From.GetNameDefCap] have agreed to join our pact. We now stand together with them in our revolutionary struggle to liberate Central America! Not only are our forces united and will we be better prepared to wage war on our enemies, but our spirits are united as well, something which will undoubtedly help advance the revolutionary mindset of our country! Hail to our new brothers and sisters!
[From.GetNameDefCap] has accepted our request to join the Liberal Pact. They have made an excellent decision, as together we can create a lasting impact on our corner of the world and safeguard democracy for generations to come! United, we will make sure that the torch of liberty will not be extinguished. We will protect them and they will protect us.
[From.GetNameDefCap] has made a wise decision and have heeded our petition. By doing this, we will make sure that together we will fight against the liberals and socialists who seek to topple our rightfully installed regimes. We fight for the people, more than the revolutionaries ever will. With the help of [From.GetNameDefCap], we will keep the revolution at aby.
Together for victory!
We'll come out on top.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses
The cowards of [From.GetNameDefCap] have denied our petition. Instead of joining our forces in order to empower the revolution, they have decided to deny us and go their own path, thus betraying our revolution. But our spirits are strong and even without the help of our fellow Central Americans, we can take a stand against our oppressors. We will not let their refusal to cooperate affect us.
[From.GetNameDefCap] has refused our petition! This is unfortunate, as we cannot be sure that freedom will remain in their country. They are vulnerable to the opportunists of this world and we do not have their support in our own struggles to come. But we are not weak, we have the power to protect ourselves, even without them and we will not forget our goals of preserving and spreading democracy!
[From.GetNameDefCap] has made a mistake by refusing to join the People's Vanguard. They and they alone will feel the consequences as we will stand strong in the People's Vanguard to keep the revolution at bay. Without them we still have the strength of our people to resist those who seek to topple our governments. We will not give up.
Victory will be pursued even without them.
The torch will still stand strong.
The Vanguard can still stand strong.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Prepares for War
[From.GetNameDefCap] threatens war! We need to make sure we are ready to meet them on the field. We must mobilise our nation, our men and our women and all those who can fight. Only if we prepare as well, do we stand a chance to defeat them.
We must ensure victory!
[FROM.FROM.GetNameDefCap] Prepares for War
[FROM.FROM.GetNameDefCap] threatens war! We need to make sure we are ready to meet them on the field. We must mobilise our nation, our men and our women and all those who can fight. Only if we prepare as well, do we stand a chance to defeat them.
Central America Democratic Focus Tree
§YA Confederate Army has been chosen by the assembly.§!
§YA Mixed force has been chosen by the assembly.§!
§YA Federal Army has been chosen by the assembly.§!
Preparing a war of unification for Central America
We had a successful negotiation with the West Indies.
PT
Partido del Trabajo (Labour Party)
An Unstable Union
A New Central American Identity
UFC Influence Rooted Out
Spirit of Reunification
Expanding our Navy
Convoy Protection Tactics
Large Merchant Navy
Prestigious Pilots
Well-Trained Pilots
Usurped Autonomy
Efforts at Industrialisation
Increased Efforts at Industrialisation
Radical Efforts at Industrialisation
Tempered Efforts at Industrialisation
Bleeding the Cash Crops Dry
Trading Priorities
Defanged Army
Infrastructure Grants
The Federation Principles
A Business-Friendly Country
Promoted Self Employment
Anti-Trust Laws
Progressive Taxation
Weakened General Influence
Decentralised Economy
Democratic Socialism
Racial Equality
Pending Land Reform
Moderate Land Reform
Radical Land Reform
Key Industries Nationalised
Fair Taxation Scheme
The Workers Plight
The Welfare State
Beacon of Democracy
Chaotic Army
Integrating the Armies
An Integrated Army
Federal Recruitment
Improved Planning
Prolonged Conscription
Preparing a Task Force
The Central American Task Force
Mobile Army
Combine Arms
Swiftness Training
Autonomous Armies
Loyal Armies of the Confederation
Military Supplies
Democratic Armies
Status of Belize
The Guatemalan government was able to seize Belize during the British Revolution and with the takeover of Great Britain by the Syndicalist, the chances of the British coming to reclaim such a minor port were low.\nBut with some wishing to join the Entente now, we need to settle this territorial dispute before asking to join their faction or committing to a full integration of the region.
$CENmil_join_faction_ENT$
Opportunistic Expansion
Begin Integration of Belize
With the Canadians giving us a guarantee, it seems that they have moved on from their desires on Belize, so we will begin its integration.
Negotiation with the West Indies
As the government in charge of all former British matters in the Caribbean, we will plan a visit to the West Indies to discuss the Belize situation with them.
Continue the Integration of Costa Rica
Continue the Integration of Panama
Democratic Alliance of the Caribbean
Form $faction_democratic_alliance_of_the_caribbean$
Establish Closer Ties with Costa Rica
One of our goals when creating the Alliance was to restore the Federation to its entirety. With four of the original republics already part of the Union, the remaining republic has thankfully joined our alliance, and while not the most populous or developed, it would still provide a good boost to our army and economy.\nWe will have to slowly integrate their system as they seem to not show the same willingness that the other democratic republics showed towards the idea of unification.
Integrate Belize
Before fully integrating Belize into our nation, let's ask the West Indies to renounce their claim.
Land Reform
Land Reform in [FROM.GetName]
Land Reform
Connecting the Republic
From Ciudad de Guatemala to San Salvador
From San Salvador to Tegucigalpa
From Tegucigalpa to Managua
Connect Belize to the Country
§YThis will remove other national spirits related to centralisation.§!
§YThis will remove other national spirits related to industrial taxation and welfare.§!
$unlocks_decisions$ that will allow us to join the Entente or create the Democratic Alliance of the Caribbean.
$unlocks_decisions$ for opportunistic expansion.
Unlocks £decision_icon_small §HJoin the Entente§! Decision
Each land reform decision completed will modify the §YPending Land Reform§! spirit by:\n\n$MODIFIER_CONSUMER_GOODS_FACTOR$: §Y-2.0%§!\n$MODIFIER_GLOBAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: §G+4%§!
Each land reform decision completed will modify the §YPending Land Reform§! spirit by:\n\n$MODIFIER_GLOBAL_MONTHLY_POPULATION$: §G+10.0%§!\n$MODIFIER_CONSUMER_GOODS_FACTOR$: §Y-4.0%§!\n$MODIFIER_GLOBAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: §G+4%§!
The Confederacy is Born!
With the traitors dealt with and Central America held by our forces, we can now safely proclaim the Confederation of Central America. The dream of our nations unified under a democracy formed from each member nation is now no longer a remnant of the past. However, there is still a long way to go. As our territorial extension has grown significantly, our government has decided to delegate the executive power of the newly formed nation to the Central American Constitutional Convention until the new parties reorganise to take into account the newly acquired territories, and will decide upon the fate of the Central American Confederation once the parties with most members present themselves in the convention.
Long Live the Confederation!
Formation of the Partido Unionista
The Partido Unionista, born out of the many parties in Central America who wanted the unification of the continent, has held its first meeting in Ciudad de Guatemala. Having prepared for the unification of Central America for years, they have been the first party to present itself to the convention, and has taken over power temporarily until the other parties organise and the convention regarding the direction the country should take is held.\n\nPresided by the Guatemalan politician José Perfecto Azmitia González, the Unionist Party follows a conservative mindset and has already stated in their manifesto that their objective is to carry the Confederation to a more usual form of Republic and to create a Central American identity, that encompasses all the cultures within Central America. They also reject the intervention of foreigners in national affairs, and this might spell the end of the UFC influence in the country...
The First of many parties, hopefully.
Formation of the Partido de Unificación Democratica
The Partido de Unificación Democratica has held its first meeting as an official party of the Confederation. The meeting, held in the Honduran city of Tegucigalpa, has united the many free-market liberals that feel antagonised by the autarkical proposals of Sacasa, and have released a manifesto regarding the policies they are willing to pursue. Among them, cooperation with foreign companies like the UFC and to open Central American trade to the world. However, they claim they don't want to rely on any specific foreign power, as they see this as one of the reasons why Central America was thrown into chaos when the United States fell into the fires of Civil War.\n\nUnfortunately, not all issues have been solved during the meeting, as a faction lead by the Honduran undisputed face of liberalism, José Ángel Zúñiga Huete, faces off opposition from a faction lead by the Nicaraguan José María Moncada. In order to solve to proclaim a party leader, the Democratic Unification Party has decided to call for an internal election amongst affiliates, and the winner will lead the party in the upcoming elections.
José Ángel Zúñiga Huete stays as the solid popular choice.
José María Moncada comes ahead in the party polls!
Formation of the Partido Liberal
As the political landscape of the Central American Confederation is starting to take shape, another party has surfaced to challenge the Unionistas in the next election. The Partido Liberal has been officially founded in Managua, with the old Nicaraguan liberal Juan Bautista Sacasa as its head, has become an official party of the Confederation. The Liberals, promising economic independence for Central America and to move away from the old agricultural export-based economy towards an industrial based one. Despite this premise, they have stated that they are more than willing to cooperate with foreign companies in order to achieve this goal, which has eased unrest amongst foreign investors, particularly from the United Fruit Company that feared that their assets might be seized.
The flame of Liberalism continues to burn in Central America!
Formation of the Partido del Trabajo
As parties with grand ambitions like the Liberales or the Unionistas start their political campaign, the Partido del Trabajo has been formed in San Salvador, the many centre-left politicians and thinkers that, while agreeing in many aspects with the other parties, are more focused on helping the struggling peasants in Central America than in grand ambitions of prosperity. Amongst the many changes that the Labour Party wants to bring about to the confederation is the establishment of some form of welfare state, a land reform and the creation of a middle class, which is nearly non-existent in our country.\n\nHowever, despite bringing together many parties from different countries, it is unclear who shall lead the party during the elections, as orthodox social democracy, represented by the faction lead by Francisco Sequeira Moreno, clashes with many who follow Arturo Araujo's 'Vitalismo', a variant of Social Democracy created by the Salvadoran politician Alberto Masferrer. Elections for party affiliates have been called and the winner will represent the party in the convention and during the next elections.
The Rose will take root in Central America with Araujo's ideals.
The Rose will take root in Central America with Sequeira's ideals.
The Constitutional Convention Starts
Without a recognised central authority, managing to arrange a constitutional convention between representatives of all the newly founded parties has been difficult. No consensus could be made over which city should the convention be held, so the city of San Salvador was eventually chosen as its geographic location was near the centre of the Confederation, the city had the infrastructure to held large scale political demonstrations and it was also the symbolical place for Central American independence, as it was the place where the Primer Grito de la Independencia came to be. As the delegations arrive, proposals come forth regarding what the Confederation should look like in the near future, and the convention members have the duty to decide what shall be the future of the country.
We welcome you all.
Debate on the fate of our enemies
Before the convention decides on any matter regarding the constitution, it has been deemed wise by the Unionistas to start the constitutional convention by discussing what will be done with the radicals that set out to destroy democracy in Central America. While it is clear that the death penalty is out of the question by all members of the convention, they still need to decide on a fitting punishment for the radicals. The PUD has proposed to exile the leaders and any who doesn't recognise the Federal government as legitimate, which is seen as the most lenient solution, but one that lets many criminals just walk freely. The Unionistas simply propose to imprison them for the rest of their life, which, while being a rather simple solution, could pose danger for our nation in case of a breakout. The Partido del Trabajo, on the other hand, has offered a proposal where the criminals can be imprisoned, but they can choose to work in improvised construction squads, which shall be vital during the reconstruction and improvement of our country, in exchange for reduced sentence times. Before the Convention moves forward, this matter will have to be settled, for the sake of the short term stability of our nation.
The proposal by the Partido de Unificación Democratica is the right one.
The Unionistas have a point, these criminals must not walk freely!
The criminals should be allowed to earn their forgiveness!
Executive power debate: The Power of the President
One of the major concerns brought up, specially by the Salvadoran PT delegation, is how giving too much power to the president might be detrimental to the confederation in the long run, and so it should have its power reduced to have the congress be able to overturn a presidential decision on a two thirds majority, and they argue that it would otherwise open up the chance of an authoritarian regime rising. However, Unionistas argue that a strong executive power is needed to held the confederation in place, as the ineffective rule of the previous Confederation was what led to its eventual dissolution. After several days of debate, the convention members are once again ready to vote on the matter.
The President will have absolute veto power.
The Congress will be able to overturn a veto with a two thirds majority.
On the Subject of Constitutional Supremacy
As the national constitution is starting to take shape, we have to decide on the role this document will take on our union. While the convention could install a constitutional supremacy clause in the document, rendering all local legislation useless if it contradicts the constitution, the Partido del Trabajo representatives argue that it would reduce the provincial autonomy to a dangerous level while empowering the Federal Government. Instead, they propose to use the constitution as a guideline for the local legislations, which shall operate freely as long as they respect some core tenets of the Federal Constitution. What should the convention choose?
The Constitution should take precedence over any pesky provincial law.
The Constitution should serve as a guideline for the local legislations.
Centralise the Capital?
One of the main issues brought forth by the Liberals is that a confederation should try to keep its members on equal footing, and with the convention about to choose a definitive capital for the nation, they have put forth a proposal to split the three powers of the republic to different cities in order to symbolically decentralise the nation. Should the convention members consider their proposition?
No, Centralise the Confederation.
Yes, Split the powers to different cities.
Choosing a Capital
After the rejection of the liberal proposal, it is now time to decide which city shall be the capital of our newly born nation. Among our choices are the old Guatemalan capital of Ciudad de Guatemala, which was the birthplace of the first confederation; San Salvador, the place where the First Cry of Independence took place more than a hundred years ago; Tegucigalpa, the original capital of the Central American republic back in 1880; and Managua, the old capital of Nicaragua and one of the greatest cities in Central America. As the convention members retire from the presidential house of San Salvador to rest until the next round of talks, the radio announces that the new capital is...
Ciudad de Guatemala.
San Salvador.
Tegucigalpa.
Managua.
Choosing an Executive Capital
After the acceptance of the liberal proposal, it is now time to decide which city shall be the executive capital of our newly born nation. Among our choices are the old Guatemalan capital of Ciudad de Guatemala, which was the birthplace of the first confederation; San Salvador, the place where the First Cry of Independence took place more than a hundred years ago; Tegucigalpa, the original capital of the Central American republic back in 1880; and Managua, the old capital of Nicaragua and one of the greatest cities in Central America. As the convention members retire from the presidential house of San Salvador to rest until the next round of talks, the radio announces that the new executive capital is...
Ciudad de Guatemala.
San Salvador.
Tegucigalpa.
Managua.
Choosing a Judicial Capital
With the executive capital chosen, the convention now has to choose a judicial capital, which shall be the place where the supreme court will be placed.
Ciudad de Guatemala.
San Salvador.
Tegucigalpa.
Managua.
Choosing a Legislative Capital
After the Executive and Judicial capital cities have been chosen, we now have to decide which city shall have the Senate and most of the legislative body will be placed.
Ciudad de Guatemala.
San Salvador.
Tegucigalpa.
Managua.
Status of the Armed Forces
After the defeat of the many military reactionary elements that once kept our citizens under their boot, we now have to decide what to do on the force that once gave them the power to end what once were free nations. It is recognised by all parties that a national security force is needed in order to secure our sovereignty, but each party has a different approach towards the armed forces. The Unionistas have proposed a Federal Army, subordinated to the Federal executive power and with a section under the direct control of the President, which would try to strive for professionalism and superior tactics where it was possible. The Partido del Trabajo has come up with a different proposal, aiming to create regional army structures, similar to those from before our nation was formed, they propose a confederation with individual armies which would come together in case of war, but would otherwise have very little executive power and be subjected to each province's executive power rather than the federal government. The Partido Unificación Demócratica has offered a middle ground, with a federal army backed by regional militias, similar to the system that Brazil has with their army. Once again, the convention members will take a vote in order to decide the future of our armed forces.
A Confederate Army with limited power is chosen as the best option.
Compromise is an art as old as politics, and it proves successful once more.
A Federal Army will secure Central American interests once more.
Provisional Cabinet Formation
The last decision by the Council will be to designate a provisional president until the first election can be made. All the parties have put forth their representatives to fill the role until popular will can decide who will lead the country. While the provisional president is chosen by the convention, the elections have already been officially scheduled to happen soon, giving the provisional representatives enough time to ensure the availability of voting booths and ballots throughout the country.
It is a temporary solution that pleases everyone.
Formation of the Partido Nacional Revolucionario
Born from the ashes of what remained of several socialist movements in Central America, the Partido Nacional Revolucionario has formed today in Quetzaltenango. Lead by the Guatemalan Silverio Ortiz, the party is a rather moderate variant of socialism compared to old school socialists like Sandino or Martí, who have been banned explicitly by the other parties from the elections. The party has been forced to take an oath to the other parties as to not associate with the radicals who once plunged Central America into chaos in order to allow their participation in politics. Their platform of land reform, welfare for the working class and better rights for natives has attracted unexpected support and despite the defeat of socialism in Central America, they PNR might still become a relevant force in the Confederation.
Only time will tell if they'll be a strong as they once were.
The [GetYear] Central American Snap Election
As the ballots are prepared in every city and town within our nation, our citizens wonder who shall be the party that shall lead the nation for the next four years. As the day nears its end, the ballots are counted and the result is...
The PT led PT/PNR coalition gets the popular vote!
The PL led PL/PUD coalition comes out victorious!
The PUD led PUD/PL coalition takes the win!
The PU led PU/PL coalition wins by a landslide!
The PNR led PNR/PT coalition makes a comeback!
The [GetYear] Central American Election
Internal Elections of the Partido del Trabajo
After many years of near hegemony in the ruling party, both Sequeira and Villeda Morales have been relegated to secondary party work as the popularity of the two Guatemalans Arévalo and Árbenz skyrockets within the party. Both offering a unique take on the party's policies, they don't seem to agree on a common ground for the future. It is because of this that an election has been called to decide who shall lead the Partido del Trabajo for the years to come.
Jacobo Árbenz.
Juan José Arévalo.
Internal Elections of the Partido Liberal
During the recent years, as liberalism has spread in the Central American nation, Sacasa's nearly unchallenged hegemony within the Partido Liberal is nearing its end. The recent polls had been indicating an ascendance in popularity of the Salvadoran Alfonso Quiñónez Molina, a controverted figure in Central America since he had been responsible for setting up a political dynasty in El Salvador, filled with corruption and abuses. However, he has been cleaning up his name for years, and his promises are slowly swaying the liberals away from Sacasa. Calls for an internal election within the party have been plenty in the recent time, and Sacasa has complied with the demands. Now the internal election shall decide who will lead the Liberals for the near future.
Sacasa retains his position as leader.
Quiñónez takes a surprise victory!
Internal Elections of the Partido del Trabajo
Excusing himself about his old age and overall exhaustion of politics, Arturo Araujo has decided to step down as the leader of the Partido del Trabajo in order to retire permanently from public life. As one of the last original Vitalistas leaves the public life, the party has called for an internal election in order to decide who shall be the new party leader from now on. While Francisco Sequeira Moreno is still a relevant figure within the party, the young Honduran medic Ramón Villeda Morales has become more and more relevant within the party to the point of being a prime candidate for the election. As the party counts the ballots of the internal election, the results are...
Ramón Villeda Morales takes a surprise victory and succeeds Araujo in the party.
Francisco Sequeira Moreno is rewarded for his patience and succeeds Araujo in the party.
Jacobo Árbenz Becomes the Leader of the Partido Nacional Revolucionario
After being defeated in the PT's elections, Jacobo Árbenz met José Manuel Fortuny, a young socialist who had been impressed by Árbenz's proposals in the Partido del Trabajo. As both became close friends, 'Che Manuel' offered Árbenz to join the Partido Nacional Revolucionario, where, despite not sharing the overall socialist ideals most members of the PNR have, he has gained an immense amount of popularity and respect due to his compromising nature and concern for the welfare of the citizens throughout Central America. With the PNR's elections taking place, Jacobo Árbenz has won the popular vote by a large majority, and will become the new leader of the party for the next elections.
Was the PNR moved further right? or Árbenz further left?
Partido del Trabajo Protests!
After the restoration of the military as a symbol of pride for Central America, the Partido del Trabajo has protested publicly, calling for people to rally against this display of what they call a 'Stepping stone towards a new autocracy'. While their insults hardly hurt our position, many people who feel afraid that the military might take the same anti-democratic decisions that they had taken in the recent years have been drawn into the Partido del Trabajo in order to fight off this influence.
Our Army needs to improve its Image.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Seeks to Establish Closer Relations
As the first step in drawing our countries closer, [FROM.GetLeader] has suggested that we reduce our number of military personal as they are more fitting for taking the job of security.\nThis would hardly change our current situation as our army is already very small in comparison to them.\n\nBut something they demanded was a ban on all news that print anti-unification propaganda as they don't desire that these ideas later brew into rebellions and protest.
Agree to their proposal and start working on unification measures.
This is unacceptable.
Furthering Ties
Another meeting was held today about further ties, in which the Central American government offered to invest in our industrial sector to reduce the amount of control foreign owned companies have in our country.\nBut our experts see that this would only be transferring that control over to them as no promises have been made regarding the control of the land and factories outside of a good share of the profits coming back to us.\nThere isn't much pushback knowing the full end goal of the negotiation, but the few that still resist, see this as our last chance to maintain our sovereignty.
On today's meeting, we were surprised by Central America \
Little by little, the union will be complete once again.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses to Join!
The Costa Rican government have turned down our offer and refused to join our nation. While many hot-headed politicians in the Unionist party are calling for war in order to solve this situation, the other parties find this solution completely abhorrent and ask for Costa Rica to be left alone. However, this may be the last chance we get to unify all the old members of the Federal Republic of Central America, and we ought to weigh our options carefully.
Kindly accept their decision and try to keep friendly relations.
Recall the delegation. We will solve this by force!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Our Request
Our Central American brothers have accepted the terms of our agreement, and now we can move to complete their integration into our nation.
Magnifico!
$central_america_democratic_events.39.a$
$central_america_democratic_events.39.b$
Excellent!
The Panamanian government have turned down our offer and refused to join our nation. While many hot-headed politicians in the Unionist party are calling for war in order to solve this situation, the other parties find this solution completely abhorrent and ask for Panama to be left alone. However, this may be the last chance we get to unify all of Central America at long last, and we ought to weigh our options carefully.
Foundation of the Universidad Zamorano
Today, the Universidad Zamorano, has been founded in Honduras with the help of American Businessman Samuel Zemurray, one of the most influential UFC share-holders. The magnate, needing more capable manpower for his company, has generously founded the university for us to use as long as we recognise the institution and private. In order to solidify his staff, he has placed the renowned American botanist Wilson Popenoe, now widower of archaeologist Dorothy Popenoe, who will supervise all developments in the University and help students integrate faster to the UFC's working standards.
One more step towards improving our nation.
Foundation of the Universidad Centroamericana
The Compañía de Jesús has decided to make a contribution to our nation by funding the creation of a new university in Nicaragua. The project, lead by the Jesuit priest León Pallais Godoy, has opened its doors today, and our party has already offered to fund several of their careers in order to make education accessible for more Nicaraguans.
We are grateful.
Construction of the Ciudad Universitaria 'Dr. Fabio Castillo Figueroa'
The University of El Salvador was in need of an expansion, and since the times where the tyrant Martínez ruled their nation, the university has been more than willing to cooperate with the government. We shall woo them to our side by funding the acquisition of the San Carlos Homestead and beginning the expansion of their facilities. Hopefully this will help sustain the support of the PT in El Salvador, as well as improving the quality of our professional workforce in the future.
San Salvador will become a place of knowledge!
Autonomisation of the Universidad Nacional de Honduras
The National University of Honduras has been under the control of the Catholic church since its creation in 1847 where it was inaugurated with the sponsorship of Bishop Francisco de Paula Campoy y Pérez. Our cabinet has decided that the best way forward is to enforce our secularisation premises and pass the 'Ley Orgánica de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de Honduras', which shall put the institution under direct government control, and will assign them a yearly budget to allow more students to join in their search for higher education.
Honduras has its education freed from oppression at last.
The Other Parties Protest our intervention!
Backlash after the war declaration has been immediate. With the war being declared without being informed to the congress, the other parties have all come together in protest against our actions, and are actively calling out for Centroamerican citizens to burn their draft cards and to rally in the streets to protest our actions. Even our own supporters are slowly drifting away from our party after that rash decision, and we have no choice now but to accept the consequences of our actions.
Damnit! It wasn't supposed to be like this!
Universidad Nacional de Guatemala Becomes Autonomous
The Guatemalan tyrants like Orellana and Ubico have reduced the old Universidad Nacional de Guatemala to a mere state puppet of foreign companies throughout the years, kicking students that didn't agree with their regimes and slowing down several others in order to force them to comply. In order to prevent this from happening in the future, we shall decree total autonomy for the University. From now on, the University will be officially known as the Universidad de San Carlos de Guatemala and will have their own election system, and a yearly budget that we shall adjust based on their needs and projects.
Another trace of tyranny erased from our nation.
The Book 
The Guatemalan writer Miguel Ángel Asturias has finally published what many consider to be his masterpiece. The author claims to have finished the book in 1933, having to hide his work for years from authoritarian regimes that would've censored it. His book, taking several characteristics of the Magic realism genre, explores the nature of dictatorships and its effects on the society at large. Many are drawing parallels with the book and Asturias' observations of the Cabrebra government in Guatemala, and is quickly becoming a hit both in our country and in the rest of Latin America, with even other renowned writers calling it a 'point of reference' for Latin American literature overall.
A masterful work of literature!
Expenditure of a New Passport for Our Citizens
As the structure of the Central American nation becomes stronger with each passing day, we have decided to get rid of the old passports of the old individual members of the federation, and we will introduce a Central American Passport, so all who travel around the world be known as Central American, rather than part of an artificial construct like the previous nations were.
Another step to unite our nation.
The Central American Bank Is Founded!
After having extensive talks with the several state banking institutions within the different nations, an agreement has been reached by all sides to create the Central American Bank, effectively dissolving all previous state banking institutions and putting their assets, both public and private, under the jurisdiction of the new entity. This move will certainly help reduce bureaucracy and facilitate the funding of projects throughout the nation, as we now only need to contact one bank instead of having to gather funds from several others for a single project. This unification has also left us with a great deal of extra capital available which will come in handy in the future reforms.
Uniting our efforts, we can truly achieve greatness.
Our Farmers Are Suffering From Our Autarky Efforts
As we allow foreign companies to enter our country, the rural areas of the country are seeing a massive exodus towards the cities, where many new industries are being placed in dire need of workers. The farms and plantations can't compete with the wages the industrial sector is offering, and this is causing a severe manpower shortage in the agricultural sector, reducing production levels and hurting the rural peasantry.
It's the price of progress.
Expeditions That Scouted for Resources End in Failure
In order to achieve total autarky, we have sent several expeditions to scout for resources throughout our country. However, our expeditions have reported back and there are hardly any new resources to be found, none that can be exploited on an industrial level. We have to unfortunately accept foreign resources as we can't sustain ourselves with our local ones.
We will have to focus on industry then...
Industry Report of Our Last Reforms
As our industrial investment have started to report profits, the reports are underwhelming compared to our projections when we started project. It seems that, despite how much we invest in industry and infrastructure, we cannot fully achieve autarky since it's both hurting our rural peasantry and the industry is dependent on the imports of foreign raw materials in order to work. However, the industrial investment has yielded a significant amount of wealth for our cities' population, and while autarky is now proving more and more to be impossible, we are still being benefited by our investments.
Well, we'll have to balance our system from now on.
Equal Laws for an Equal People
As we push for new legislation throughout our nation, we are noticing more and more regional laws that undermine the livelihood of the black and native populations in our nation. As we enter a new age for our subcontinent, we are endeavouring our efforts towards cleaning up the remains of these despotic legislations and truly embracing the ideals of civic nationalism, allowing these minorities to truly take part in our nation's decision making and every day affairs. In order to do so, President [Root.GetLeader] has decreed that all old prejudices from old legislations be abolished, and a new set of Federal laws be complied in the individual regions. Considering the Decentralised approach of the PNR, this has come to surprise the PT, but it's a move that is both supported by the PL and PUD, allowing the legislation to be passed without further issues.
Diversity is not a weakness, it's a strength!
New Set of Laws are Passed to Sideline the Military
With the decades of authoritarianism that Central America has endured, President [Root.GetLeader] has decided to enact a series of law reforms to restrain and contain military power to strictly national defence, and has proposed several safeguards to be added to the constitution in order to prevent a military takeover to happen ever again.
We seek to avoid the errors of the past.
Corruption Trials Start
After a great deal of debate with the PL, the corruption trials have finally been authorised by the congress. An in depth national investigation has started and several names of several important companies, including the United Fruit Company have come out. These individuals will be processed for their crimes and enacted an embargo of their ill-acquired goods and apply a jail sentence in the most extreme cases. Hopefully, this process will finish soon enough, and without major repercussions
Money can't save you from the swift hammer of Justice!
Nationalisation Laws Create Controversy
After our nationalisation laws managed to be passed with a very slim majority, several representatives of the Partido Unionista and the Partido Liberal have come together to express their discontent at this turn of events, even accusing us of trying to collectivise the economy. While these insults are nothing but buzzwords, we are aware that there's public unrest regarding this law, and we should try to restrict its use to only key economic sectors.
We need to thread carefully.
Corruption Trials End
After several hundred employees and concerned citizens have testified, and solid evidence has been presented, around 500 individuals, among high ranking politicians and industrial and rural barons, have been identified of embezzlement and illicit enrichment, and have been sentenced to a 4 million dollar embargo and varying prison times depending on the severity of their crimes. While there probably is still plenty of local corruption, the overall goal for the party has been achieved. While the search for corruption will continue, it'll be at a slower pace, and delegated to the individual states.
The future has become a bit brighter.
Goals of Our Land Reform
Our initial draft of new land reform laws had great success in appealing to the people, and although we received some minor criticism from the other parties, the majority of the representatives were in favour of it. This has emboldened some of the most radical members of our party to propose adjustments to our land reform, taking it closer to what their socialist allies had planned to implement once they took power.
Let's continue with our initial goals.
Expand our aims and listen to our radical members.
[FROM.FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDef] Wants to Sign a Friendship Treaty
[FROM.FROM.GetNameDefCap] has contacted our embassy today to have us review a friendship treaty their chamber of deputies has approved. The proposal itself details a diplomatic reassurance were both countries promise to stand up for each other in case of an invasion, and reduces tariffs to trade between our country and theirs, and even stating that they're willing to create a free trade area further down the line if the treaty is accepted. What should we do?
Accept their proposal.
Tell them we can't do it, we are uh...
Friendship Treaty with [FROM.GetNonIdeologyName] Accepted
The [FROM.GetAdjective] government has agreed to our proposal, and are willing to continue further talks regarding better relations between our countries in the near future.
We appreciate having our brothers close once more.
Friendship Treaty with [FROM.GetNonIdeologyName] Refused
The [FROM.GetAdjective] government has refused our diplomatic proposal, and while they have stated that they are willing to continue diplomatic relations with our country, their refusal of our proposal have definitely set back our relationship for the foreseeable future.
How unfortunate.
The Status of Belize
Occupied during the British Revolution of 1925, British Honduras, or as it is now known as Belize, has been part of Guatemala ever since. Now that Guatemala is part of the larger Central American Confederation, Belize remains a part of our nation. However, the British, better said the West Indies Federation, still claim Belize as a rightful part of their nation, which renders the full integration of Belize impossible.\n\nReturning the land would greatly improve our relations with them, but this would severely hurt our international prestige.\nAlthough, we could offer them a deal, keeping the region in exchange for joining their alliance in the future. While more powerful than us, the Entente can hardly stand up to the Reichspakt or the Third Internationale, so even a minor member like us could be a of great assistance for their cause.
Return Belize.
Offer a deal to the Federation.
Central America Demands That We Revoke Our Belizean Claim
The Central American government has sent us a deal concerning the former colony of Belize. They demand that we renounce our claim on Belize and recognise its ownership by Central America, and in exchange our two nations will sign favourable trade deals to revive business ties, with them also joining our alliance.
Accept the deal.
Crazy and unacceptable terms!
The Federation Rejects Our Offer!
The West Indies Federation has ignored our deal and will not give up their claim no matter what. This will definitely destroy all future chances to improve our relations with the Entente.
If this is what they chose.
The Federation Has Revoked Their Claim!
The West Indies Federation has finally accepted to revoke their claims on Belize, which will open the path for its full integration, but we will have to do our part of the deal and join the Entente sooner or later.
Great!
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyName] Requests to Join the [ROOT.GetFactionName]
A Central American delegation has arrived today at our capital and has formally requested to join the [ROOT.GetFactionName]. While the Central American nation has a rather small military force, and very little in terms of resources, having another ally in Central America could prove beneficial to our cause
$central_america_democratic_events.226.d_start$, as we could bypass the Panama canal with their aid. What should we tell them?
Welcome them in.
Central America isn't useful to us.
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] Accepts
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] has agreed to our request, and we will be joining the ranks of the [FROM.GetFactionName]. This is a major diplomatic step for our newly born nation!
We now stand together.
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] Refuses
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] have refused our request, and while they do wish to keep good diplomatic relations, they aren't interested in furthering military ties with us.
We'll have to make do without them.
Settling the Belize Dispute
Occupied during the British Revolution of 1925, British Honduras, or as it is now known as Belize, has been an integral part of Guatemala and now us. The West Indies and by extension their master, Canada, still claim the region. This has soured all relation between us and will obviously cause complication for our entry in their faction. As a result, many ask if we should handover the region in exchange for Entente membership.
Let's reconcile with them by giving Belize back.
Isn't another member enough incentive for them?
$central_america_democratic_events.226.d_start$.
A Central American delegation has arrived today at our capital and has formally requested to join the Entente. While the Central American nation has a rather small military force, and very little in terms of resources, they offered to transfer the region of British Honduras if we accepted their entry into the alliance.
Any help is welcome.
We don't have any need for Central America.
Request they return the British Honduras first.
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] Accept Us into the Entente
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] has agreed to our request, and we will be joining the ranks of the [FROM.GetFactionName].
We now stand together.
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] Rejects Our Offer
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] have refused our request, and while they do wish to keep good diplomatic relations, they aren't interested in furthering military ties with us.
We'll have to make do without them.
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] Request the Return of British Honduras
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] have requested that we return Belize to them in exchange for letting us join their faction. How should we respond to this?
We will not give in.
Give it to them.
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] Rejects Our Request
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] reject our request, and decided to stop the negotiations as is clear that our positions are incompatible.
We may have been to greedy.
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] Returns British Honduras
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] has agreed to return British Honduras to us and now we will accept their entry into the Entente.
A small part of the empire returns.
Central America Requests We Support Their Neutrality
The Central American Nation has recently declared their neutrality in world affairs, and has requested our government to acknowledge their stance and to protect them in case a conflict erupts. While Central America stands relatively safely in the Central American subcontinent, we should not underestimate the aggressiveness of its neighbours, so we should consider this request carefully...
Accept their request.
We can't meddle in Central American affairs, refuse their proposal.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts to Support our Neutrality
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has decided to acknowledge our neutrality, and has expressed its willing to intervene in case a foreign power decides to declare war on our peaceful nation.
We are grateful.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses to Support Our Neutrality
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has decided not to support our neutrality in world affairs, and while they have expressed their willingness to do so, they have stated that they currently do not posses the strength to guarantee us for the time being.
We'll have to look for someone else...
Military Parades
After several days of preparation and propaganda, today we finally celebrate Central American patriotism by having each regional army organise parades in its regional capitals, with delegations from each nation parading on this special occasion. Marching to the sound of songs like Amor Patrio or the Marcha de Gerardo Barrios, we stand truly united as one nation, even if we value our differences.
We celebrate for a better tomorrow united.
Central America Prepares to Invade us
Our intelligence reports indicate that the Central American nation is amassing its troops on our borders. While they may not have stated a diplomatic intent as of yet, it is clear that tensions are high and an attack might occur at any moment's notice.
We need to prepare.
Formation of the Democratic Alliance of the Caribbean
With our country standing triumphant against the dictatorships of the region, a new wave of hope for freedom and democracy has manifested.\nThis new spirit to fight for the less fortunate countries still oppressed by dictators has resulted in the proclamation of the Democratic Alliance of the Caribbean, an alliance open to all the democracies of the Caribbean, as well as to El Salvador and Ecuador. Its fundamental aims will be to strengthen democracy in the region and to act as one in defence of our common economic, military and political interests.
For a brighter future for Central America!
Central America Asks Us to Renounce Our Claims on Belize
The Central American government has sent us a message concerning over the former colony of Belize, formerly known as British Honduras. They have asked for the removal of our claim in that region, but have made it clear that regardless of our response, they will proceed with their integration of the region.
Accept the demands.
Crazy and unacceptable!
The West Indies Refuses
The West Indies has refuse to drop their claim on the region, but this will not stop our plans of integration.
It was expected from delusional imperialists.
The West Indies Accepts
The West Indies has dropped their claim on the region and now can be safely integrate the region.
A great diplomatic win.
[ROOT.GetName] Unites Central America
The past few years have proven a turbulent time for the nations of Central America, as the region was thrown into chaos following the outbreak of the American Civil War. Local players would seize the opportunity and pursue a policy of aggressive militarisation in a bid to unite the four countries.\n\nIn the end, nobody expected that [ROOT.GetName] would be the one to proclaim a new political union. After all, we had rejected previous unification projects, and came to be perceived as far more politically stable than our neighbours. But following a costly campaign which saw our troops march all the way North, we now find ourselves in control of every major city in Central America, with our enemies in exile or having surrendered. [ROOT.GetLeader] has declared that, in order to maintain peace, Central America will unite under one banner. He has further clarified that a new constitution will be drafted imminently, with parties from all over the country being represented fairly.\n\nStill, some have cautioned against being overly enthusiastic, as they remind us of the great disparities in urbanisation and wealth across the country, and that we united these territories not by negotiation, but conquest. Only the future will tell whether the newly formed Republic will remain whole, or eventually come to dissolve again.
We have a lot of work ahead of us.
Start the Constitutional Convention
With the creation of the new Central American Confederation, we will have to come to terms with the factions throughout our now great nation in order to reach an agreement over how our government will be run.
The Unionist Party Wins!
The Partido Unionista has managed to secure a victory in the elections! With their promises of a more centralised nation, their reforms are sure to reduce the individual nations' autonomy in favour of a more effective central government.
Cultivate Our Common Culture
Our nations were split on artificial borders long ago, leading to the creation of seemingly separate cultures in the subcontinent. However, now that we stand united, such artificial creations must be done away to bring forth unity for our nation. We shall start drawing the best things of each sub-culture, and come up with a new culture that we can teach in our schools and to promote in the media.
Destroy the UFC Influence
The United Fruit Company, long standing enemy of the Partido Unionista in Guatemala, now stands at our mercy. With the help of our Central American brothers, we shall deal the final blow to this perfidious corporation and free our nation from their influence once and for all!
The Military as a Unifying Factor
It is through military might that our nations were able to survive radicalism and authoritarianism, and we should grant our heroes a proper reward for their service. The military will be promoted as a unifying entity for our nation and given proper privileges for it.
The Industry Usurping Borders
If we want to improve our nation's economy, we need to start investing in industry. While we are not as ambitious as the Liberals, having extra industry will come in handy to assert our position in the continent as a regional power and to boost our economy.
Strengthen Political Independence
While we respect the Senate and the Deputy chamber, we should start reinforcing the independence of the ruling party from said bodies in order to allow it to perform greater reforms without having to deal with weeks of useless debate on simple matters. We shall start passing laws to extend the executive power of the President and grant the ruling party some extra leverage in the political scene.
The Central American Dream
With our nations reunited, hundreds of new engineers, scientists, technicians and scholars now can work together in joint projects to help our nation instead of being distracted by petty regional projects that would only benefit a few. We shall put these masterful minds to work for our government into projects that truly make us all progress.
Our Southern Brothers
While most think that the Central American unification has already been accomplished, we believe that it is still not over. Down south there are still two nations that are part of the sub-continent that shall be brought into the fold, or else...
Restore the Union in its Entirety
Costa Rica used to be part of the original Central American Federation back in the 19th century.We will have to slowly integrate their system as they seem to not show the same willingness that the other democratic republic show towards the idea of unification
Welcome Panama as the 6th Republic
Panama is another member of the subcontinent that now stands isolated due to the American Civil War. In order to protect them from foreign threats, we shall request them to go through the same process as Costa Rica in order to join the union, where they'll get the representation amongst a country of equals and the protection of their brothers.
Integrate Panama
Now that Panama stands firmly within our country, we need to go through the process of integrating their institutions to ours to formally welcome them as an equal member of the union.
Integrate Costa Rica
Now that Costa Rica stands firmly within our protection, we need to go through the process of integrating their institutions to ours to formally welcome them as an equal member of the union.
Consolidate the Republic
The Republican system in our country must be expanded upon over the regional systems that the old Central American nations used to have. As it stands right now, our republican institutions serve more on an advisory role to the local governorships. We shall focus on expanding its power, which shall centralise our government even further and allow us to cut out unnecessary red tape.
The Supreme Court of Central America
The Judiciary branch now works independently in the individual regions instead of having a higher governing body overseeing them. We shall create the Supreme Court of Central America to fill this need and to handle cases that regard national affairs rather than provincial ones.
Impose Federal Laws on the Republics
We currently have a set of Federal Guidelines for the law codes in our nations, which are partially implemented in our provinces. We are not satisfied by the current system, and we believe that enforcing the Federal law to the letter while integrating local legislation to the regional code laws will be a wiser move in the long run and will help us consolidate the Federal Government as the true governing body.
Unify the Road and Rail Network
Central American transit networks are few and far between, and the very few that we actually have don't even use the same railway gauge! We'll have to create a new Railway administration, and begin reforms to adapt to a new standard rail gauge and expand rails and roads throughout our country.
Incentivise National Corporations
With the rebirth of our nation as a regional power, we need to also strengthen our economical position. A set of tariffs and tax cuts to our local industries will make sure our industry grows and our local industrialist value our regime more.
Oath of Allegiance to the Republic
With the end of the individual nations that once composed Central America, we need to enact a new Oath of allegiance. The people of our nation will no longer swear an oath to their individual flags, but to our nation as a whole to defend their brothers from any foreign foe.
Usurp Provincial Autonomy
The Provinces within our nation have enjoyed a relative decentralised executive structure, which allowed them to run their internal affairs but absolutely gridlocked any attempts to cooperation. We shall reduce their overall autonomy in order to increase our cooperation capabilities nation-wide.
Connect the Border Regions
We shall kickstart the Via Centroamericana project, which shall span for several of our provinces and improve our overall cohesion with the other provinces by improving the infrastructure uniting the regions.
Our Ties to the Archipelago
The Caribbean Archipelago could prove to be an important economic ally considering the instability present in the United States. We shall draft a series of friendship proposals that shall serve as a bridge to increase our diplomatic and economic ties.
Defending Our Interests
With our internal reforms nearing their end, we can start looking outwards into the larger world. With the rise of radicalism worldwide, we need to stand up and become the protectors of democracy and liberty in the Caribbean.\nAlthough there is a minority who wants to join one of the major factions and take the same principles in world affairs, that would mean leaving our American brethren behind to the whims of foreign powers.
The Liberal Party Wins!
The Partido Liberal has managed to secure a victory in the elections! With their vision of an autarkical Central America, their reforms are sure to kick industrialisation to new heights.
The 4 Year Plan
The President has enacted a 4 year long plan in which several industrialisation objectives are hoped to be achieved. While some of the objectives seem rational for developed countries, they might be unreachable for a nation such as ours...
Bring In Corporations
Love them or hate them, there's no denying that the big corporations like Krupp or the United Fruit Company make the world turn with their money and influence. We need to get on their side and tap into their profits if we ever hope to reach economic independence.
Attract Foreign Engineers
One of the major grievances that all the Central American nations suffered was the lack of a qualified workforce, and despite decades of educational efforts, most of those experts that came out of our institutions just packed their bags and sailed for more prosperous countries. We need to bring them back, and so we will offer tempting wages for foreign experts to lend their services to our country.
Generous Tax Cuts For Industry
In order to attract more foreign investment and incentivise small businesses to grow, we shall enact a series of generous industrial tax cuts so more industries may establish themselves in our territories.
Harshly Tax Cash Crops
Cash Crops are the bane of Central America, forcing our populaces to become addicted to these cheap-to-produce goods. In order to disincentivise their usage, we shall harshly tax their usage and, with the surplus generated by the new income, we shall invest our gains into the consumer goods market.
The Central American Bank
Until now, we have kept a coalition of the banks that were left over by the unification process. This coalition that has held each province's state funds is now nearing its end. We shall begin organising their unification into one giant state entity, which shall provide our government with the funding and financial council needed to run the country.
Cheap Loans for Local Industry
The entrepreneurial spirit is alive and well in Central America. However, big companies in our nation are making their growth difficult. We shall start a programme of cheap industrial loans, where we will charge very low interest rates to local producers to establish their own businesses with a flexible financial payment system. Hopefully this will give us the edge in local industry to hopefully one day stop depending on foreign ones.
Treaty of Friendship with Costa Rica
We wish the Costa Ricans no harm, but their recent actions have left us troubled to the possibility of a southward attack. While we would despise having to go to war so soon after reunifying, we cannot allow them to just backstab us right when we're about to reach our goals. We shall draft a friendship proposal and see if maybe there's still a path for a peaceful resolution...
Eliminate the Hostiles to the South
The Costa Rican rejection is outraging the public, and fears of an attack are around after such a humiliating display of diplomacy. The Costa Ricans leave us no choice, and we are now forced to pre-emptively strike in order to secure our position. Maybe with time, they'll learn that they were wrong...
Moderation is Key
Now that we are finally realising the damages that autarky is causing, we cannot deny the benefits industrialisation has brought to our country. Maybe not all is lost, and we could still make Centroamérica into an industrial powerhouse, even if it's not a self-sufficient one as we planned...
Rescind the harsh Cash Crop Policies
The Cash Crop tax policies have bled many of our farmers dry, and forcing many of our peasants into poverty. We regret that this was the way things turned out, but we're still in time to fix it, and so we will rescind the previous tax policies.
Realise the Failures of Our Policies
Despite all our efforts, we haven't achieved the main goals of the Four Year plan, and our projections show that even if we were to continue down this path, we will never be able to achieve it anyhow. It's time to take responsibility and start reforming to adapt to our real situation...
Expand Workers Rights
Workers have become one of the most disenfranchised groups with the four year plan, allowing foreign industries to exploit them for their every whim. Now that we don't need their investments so much, we can provide our workers with job security and better safety regulations in order to favour them over the industrialists.
Increase Taxes on Industry
Industry has become a great part of the Central American economy, but since most of it is built upon Tax breaks and government loans, we aren't receiving as much income as we once hoped. We shall enact stricter taxes with our industrial sector, which will hopefully grant us a surplus to invest elsewhere.
The Democratic Unification Party Wins!
The Partido de Unificación Democrática has won the elections! With their vision of a neutral Central America, their reforms will focus on improving the nation's diplomatic standing on the world stage, secure various trade partners and reinvest the trade profits into the local infrastructure.
Diversify Trade Partners
One of the major mistakes that the previous Central American nations made was to trust their economies to a single trade partner, that being the United States. With their collapse into Civil War, our economies suffered harshly as a result, and we should avoid having such strict relations with any specific country ever again. As such, we'll begin contacting countries worldwide and let them know we are open for business.
Completely Defang the Military
The Military has been the greatest danger of Central American Democracy since the start of the century and we are not willing to gamble away our liberty for the sake of security. We shall begin installing constitutional safeguards against the military and reduce their executive power so that they may only act on the government's behalf.
Unity in Diversity
Central America is a nation of contrasts. Natives, African-descendants and Spanish descendants live in harmony within our borders, even if the laws of the previous governments didn't reflect it. We shall begin pushing for more liberal reforms to recognise each Central American as equal before the law.
Promote Civilian Industry
One of our main goals is to improve the livelihood within Central America, and while we are not as radically interested in industrialisation like the Liberals, we still recognise the potential of expanding in this sector and we shall begin exploiting its potential as soon as possible.
Railroad Projects For All Republics
One of our major goals is to bring the Republics that conform Central America closer by promoting large infrastructure projects. We shall begin a funding frenzy to promote the expansion of roads and railroads by private enterprises. From Belize to San Carlos, our roads and railroads shall unite all of our people!
Consolidate The Federations Principles
The Constitutional Convention established a series of principles for our young Federation. However, these new ideas don't hold any real legal weight as of yet. We will focus on changing that, making sure that no faction in Central America may decide that the Federation no longer suits their needs...
Peace in Our Time
Central America has seen too much fighting in the last few years. People who were once peaceful neighbours turned into bitter enemies seemingly overnight. Our people has had enough, and we will uphold the peace that we have so hardly fought to achieve for the rest of our government. If such is the will of the people, then we shall oblige to them...
Friendship in Central America
The nations in Central America must feel threatened at the developments in our region of the subcontinent. In just a few short years, our countries clashed into violent struggle, and they are wise to be wary of us in case we'd want to drag them into our chaos. However, things have settled down now, and it's time to start building bridges between us for the sake of peace and closer cooperation. Because even if we don't like it, we are the protectors of the region now.
Entrench Our Freedoms
Many within our nation have had the harsh luck of having to live under an authoritarian regime at least once during the last decade. These men and women wouldn't want their liberty taken away again, and as such we will start passing laws to protect the freedom of expression, of press and of assembly from anyone who may want to infringe upon it, both publicly or privately.
Pass Business-Friendly Laws
The way forward for Central America is to become a shining beacon of prosperity for the world to see. In order to accomplish this ambitious goal, we shall pass a series of business-friendly laws in order to encourage foreign companies to settle in our nation and bring much needed capital for us to reinvest in our economy.
A Promising Future
Slowly but steadily, things are starting to look up for our nation after the chaos that was the subcontinent not so long ago. With a spell of prosperity and a love for liberty, we're slowly becoming an attractive place for many liberal intellectuals worldwide, and we're now receiving the benefits of these professional immigration.
Try to Attain Neutrality
Only way to secure peace in the long run is to get the world powers to recognise we are a neutral nation, and that offer to support us in case of a conflict breaking out against us. We shall send proposals to the closest regional powers that may be interested in supporting our neutrality.
The Labour Party Wins!
The Partido del Trabajo has won the elections! With their goal of setting up a middle class and expand the educational institutions throughout the country, they are bound to improve the livelihood of the working class and bring some much needed experts back to the country.
Fund Universities Across Central America
Central America currently has a shortage of institutions of higher learning to improve the quality of our workforce. We shall start a funding frenzy to create new universities and start reforming the existing ones in order to grant them a much needed operational autonomy.
Encourage the Self-Employed
Small businesses in Central America are few and far between. We cannot neglect the self-employed since they are the backbone of any modern economy, and we will strive to subsidise their activities in order to promote their establishment and growth.
Progressive Taxation
We can't tax the unemployed the same way we tax the wealthy. We need to create a tax system that truly adapts to the reality of the citizens in our nation, so that they may contribute to the state in the amount that they can. It is for this that we shall enact a progressive taxation system, so that no poor becomes too poor thanks to the government, nor any oligarch too rich due to negligence.
Strong Anti-Trust Laws
Corporate monopolies have not only hurt Central American democracy in the past, but they have also hurt the newly born small businesses in our region for decades. We shall install strong anti trust laws to avoid corporate monopolies to flourish in our nation and hinder the progress of our entrepreneurs.
Expand the Rights of the Republics
Through pen or sword, all the republics that conformed Central America have been united. This doesn't mean there should be any resentment between us, nor that they should loathe an oppressive Central Government imposing itself over them. We shall establish a set of laws to protect the autonomy of the internal regions, much to the disgust of the Unionistas.
Reform Army Command Structure
The Army has for too long held too much executive power, leading to coups, conspiracies and oppression. We shall not give them the chance to escape from the government's leash again and so we shall enforce harsh restrictions on the Armed forces' autonomy.
A Decentralised Economy
We shouldn't try to centralise the economy under the Central Government, and we should instead let the individual regions handle their regional autonomies however they see fit. This way we can secure a flexible and free economy while favouring the local governments.
Military Staff Rotation
Long serving officers in the army have proved to be treacherous in the past, and it is with this in mind that we shall enact yearly staff rotations. On one hand it'll reduce the chance of any officer from becoming too influential and will allow low ranking officers to take charge of better posts more often, thus gaining more experience.
An Expanding Middle Class
With the growth of entrepreneurs in our country, we have finally achieved our objective of establishing a small, but functional middle class. We should not stop here, and we should encourage everyone in the working class to work hard to achieve the success of their fellow countrymen and that way expand our middle class further.
Sickening Inequality No More
In the past, Central America was known as a sub-continent with huge contrasts between the lifestyles of the rich and the poor. Now however, we have finally been able to bridge the gap between them, and create a society that's both more fair and more inclusive than the one we inherited. Our reforms can be considered a success and the profits from our success are starting to come in.
Pounce at the Right Opportunity
Central American reunification isn't over yet. Costa Rica escaped the chaos of reunification, but our need to reform the union to its entirety is calling to conquer them. Panama has also been on our sights as a potential sixth republic, however cooperation may be a better answer than conquest in this gloomy times.
Approach the Entente
The Entente is taking up arms for liberty and democracy worldwide, and we shouldn't let them stand alone in their struggle! We shall request Canada to be able to join their ranks as equals.
Local Law Jurisdiction Reigns Supreme
The Federal Government has its own responsibilities and each republic has their own as well. It's because of this that we don't support the supremacy of federal laws over the local legislations. We shall strengthen the set of federal guidelines we have for local legislation, but we will also encourage the different regions to develop their law codes however they see fit.
The Army Will Threaten Democracy No More
The army has always been a threat to Central American Democracy, and we more than any other faction will fight to contain this dreadful institution so that it may only serve the interest of the state and the defence of our sovereignty.
The Workers Plight
The Workers in our nation have suffered cruel abuses for decades, and we're now entering a new era where this negligence could prove dangerous. We shall endeavour our efforts towards creating a welfare state, so that every men is able to feed his family and everyone can enjoy an equal and fulfilling life
Clamp Down on Tax Evasion
Surprisingly, tax evasion in Central America is one of the greatest losses of capital that our government has, and now that we have begun to create a welfare state, that capital would come really handy to improve our budget. We shall create a tax agency and begin clamping down on tax evasion, reducing taxes for those who cooperate and punishing harshly those who try to cheat their way out of the system.
Have Corruption Stand Trial
Corruption has been the bane of Central American nations, with huge companies like the United Fruit Company pulling the strings of entire nations from the shadows. We shall not allow our country to be manipulated so easily, and we shall start hunting those who dare sell their countrymen for money.
A Guaranteed Minimum Wage
Central America lacked for decades a minimum wage, allowing companies to exploit the peasants and workers of the nation. We shall enact a minimum wage to protect our working class and make sure the local governments respect it as a guideline for their regions.
Ensure Separation of State Organs
The Constitution we drafted states that the Central American Republic will have a Legislative, an Executive and a Judicial power, with separate entities that should work independently. As it stands, they function as intended, but there's nothing impeding this relative harmony from falling apart in the future. We shall begin enacting laws to increase each branch's autonomy from the other in order to prevent the dominance of any one of them.
Ensure a Liveable Pension
Following the ideals of Salvadoran intellectual Masferrer, we shall try to grant every person in the country a chance for a better life, and in order to do so it would be best to start ensuring that people may be able to afford their pensions. We cannot allow any Central American to stay homeless!
A Fledgling Welfare State
With our reforms complete, we can proudly say that Central America has achieved what once seemed impossible: A state that cares about the wellbeing of the workers while maintaining a spell of prosperity and competitiveness that has made our republics economically successful in the past.
The National Revolutionaries Win!
The Partido Nacional Revolucionario has managed to win in the elections despite all odds! Promising a land reform and reforms for the sake of equality, their reforms are bound to cause opposition from the other parties...
The People have Spoken
The other parties object to our victory, but we have won in the ballots fair and square, and we shall do all the necessary checks to prove that we won legitimately. They may disagree with our ideology, but they can not disagree with the system we have all agreed upon not so long ago!
Reject the Ideal of Centroamérica
One of the main fears our opposition has is that we will just seek to do away with our hardly fought democracy and create a new dictatorship of the proletariat. We need to distance ourselves in the public eye from the socialists radicals and show them that we are truly committed to democracy and compromise with whoever wants to work with us.
Promote Equality Between Races
The more things have changed in Central America, the more they have remained the same. Natives continue to be oppressed under the creole boot, and the African descendants continue to be ignored in our society. Now that we're in power, we shall not only encourage equality, we shall enforce it. A series of laws stating the equality of all of the Central American citizens and the severity of a racial offence might do the job...
Schooling for Every Central American
Central American illiteracy rates are disgustingly high for our taste. We shall start investing in new schools so all Central Americans, from Belize to Nicaragua, can access at the very least a basic education.
For the Defence of the Caribbean
Central America has gone through enough war already. Signing up for military alliances to embark into worldwide crusades is just not of our interest any more. We shall let the main factions know that we're not interested in their causes. But abandoning the region to its own is not something we can let happen.
Pass Laws Allowing Nationalisation
In order to continue our reforms, we need to create the legal framework to allow for nationalisation of key industries. This move is bound to cause a harsh reaction by our opponents, but the sooner we have this done, the better.
Nationalise the Telephonic Industry
The Telephonic industry in our nation is a vital asset, and we consider that we cannot allow it to be controlled by private entities as they can cut off large chunks of our population for the sake of profit. We shall nationalise their assets and create our own telephonic company to provide our citizens with telephonic services.
Nationalise the Railroads
Railroads are vital for our nation, and we cannot trust the development of such vital infrastructure to a private enterprise. We shall create a state entity that shall take care of the national railways and nationalise the ones that are already built in our territory.
Land Reform
Inequality in the rural areas in our country has become sickening. A small oligarchy owns most if not all of the land in the nation, while many of our peasants can barely have possessions of their own. We shall begin a national land reform, so that all of our peasants may enjoy a worthy life under our rule.
Trading Partners in the Gulf
With our neighbours being suspicious of us, maybe our best bet to establish better foreign economic ties would be the Caribbean nations. The collapse of the United States has affected them as well, and they will surely be willing to cooperate with us both diplomatically and economically.
Raise the Tax Ceiling
Many wealthy industrialists and land owners have managed to amass huge amounts of wealth at their worker's expense. While we cannot take their wealth directly, we can increase the taxes they pay in order to redistribute some of that income to the poor and needy in our nation. In order to do so, we shall enact a tax reform that will allow the tax ceiling to be raised.
Agricultural Subsidies
Agriculture is the lifeblood of Central America, regardless of what the Liberals think. Of course, we wouldn't want our farmers to be afraid of the common market's ups and downs, so we shall start subsidising their activities in order to provide a sense of security and encourage the expansion of our agricultural sector.
Invest in State Companies
We cannot hope to depend on the free market to do all the work for us. We need an industrial base of our own if we wish to flourish, and so we shall start investing in the formation of key state industries in order to improve our industrial output.
Negligible Unemployment
Before our rule, hundreds if not thousands of people would be sitting in the city centres throughout the nation, looking for non-existent jobs to feed themselves. While there are probably still a few unemployed men around our country, job opportunities have increased a lot thanks to our nationalisation efforts and job security, and so our reforms can be considered successful by the populace at large.
Federalised Army
The Constitutional Convention has decided that the way forward for the Central American Army is a Federalised professional force made up with soldiers from throughout our nation and our officers will start making the necessary reforms.
Draw From All Corners
From all corners of the country, we shall draw support and expertise to our army. Our objective will be to create a cohesive force made up of all Central Americans where everyone can feel useful to our country and its citizens.
Universal Recruit Training
We shall create a national reserve pool that will have a universal training standard and recruitment system. While this branch will serve only during times of conflict, these reservist groups will boost our manpower in case we want to quickly expand our armed forces.
Forging Uniformity
Our forces right now are a mixed bag of units with varying levels of training and equipment standards. In order to create a federal army, we will need to create a standard for all the army to follow and try to have all of our army meet said standards before we continue with any further reforms.
Complete the Integration
With our army following a standard, we now just need to integrate the local officer corps into a unified meritocratic system, trying to adapt the officers to a new hierarchy in order to correctly give them their ranks based on their experience and knowledge, rather than any other random standard that the previous republics had.
Joint Command Leaders
Our army currently have separate planning boards made up of different officers from different academies scattered throughout the region. Instead of having worked separately, we shall try to enforce strict cooperation between these planning boards and achieve a true joint command structure for both offensive and defensive planning.
Long-term Planning
With our army ready for combat, it would be a wise move to start preparing several defence and offence plans in case of an attack by a foreign power to our nation, not much unlike the United States prepares their Rainbow Plans. We shall contact our national joint planning board to start the preparations.
Entrenchment Training
The harsh terrain in Central America make the art of trench digging a lot more difficult than it is in European battlefields. We shall start a training programme to prepare our soldiers to improve their trench digging skills, producing better and safer fortifications that can resist the constant rain and humidity that are so common with the Central American weather.
Extensive War Games
Only practice can prepare us if a conflict is ever to threaten Central American Democracy once more, and it's because of this that we shall begin an ambitious set of war games to prepare our troops to fight in all manner of environments. From the jungles near Belize to the Volcanoes and hills in El Salvador, our troops will be ready to fight tooth and nail for every inch of ground!
Instate Long Conscription Times
Our soldiers are precious, and their experience is now more important than ever before. We can't allow that expertise to be wasted on the civilian front if it's not needed, and so we shall increase conscription times. This way we can keep more of our experienced soldiers for a longer amount of time before they are finally replaced by fresh reserves.
The Central American Task Force
The Constitutional Convention has decided that the way forward for the Central American Army is a mixed forces with local militias and an elite federal army and our officers will start making the necessary reforms.
Autonomy Down the Command Chain
In order to be able to successfully reform our army into a mixed entity with both a federal and local structure, we cannot use any sort of fixed standards for our officers, so we shall proceed in the opposite direction. We shall grant them some much needed autonomy to carry on their duties with their troops however they see fit, making them responsible for the state of their soldiers and their fighting capabilities.
Support Teams Integration
An elite force isn't just a bunch of veteran soldiers carrying out orders. There have to be engineers assisting their advance on harsh terrains and scouts helping them avoid enemy strongholds and attack enemy weak points. It is the need for such support companies that we shall invest in the integration of said teams to our elite forces.
Incorporate Shelling into the Doctrine
With our system, we cannot depend on a number advantage to beat the enemy. Luckily, one of the greatest inventions in the 20th century for warfare has been artillery, which allows us to pound enemy positions from relative safety as long as we can outrange the enemy's artillery. In order to always have the upper hand against their artillery, we shall begin investing in better artillery models.
The Best of the Best
The Central American Federal Task Force, or Fuerzas Especiales de CentroAmérica (FECA) shall be moulded to the image of the American Marine Corps or the German Sturmtruppen and will be made of the best soldiers our country can offer.
Acquire Tank Designs
No modern army can underestimate the importance of armoured vehicles in combat, proven by the breakthroughs said machines managed to do achieve during the Weltkrieg. We shall start our own armoured vehicle programme, and invite foreign experts to supervise our new designs so that they may be both cheap and effective.
Begin Motorisation
With the improvement in speed in cars during the last few decades, the military relevance of motorised and mechanised cannot be underestimated. We shall start investing in motorised transport models for our troops, which will hopefully help our army become not only the strongest but also the fastest one in the continent.
Swiftness is Key
Armies that can't secure a victory quickly inevitably get drawn into prolonged attrition wars which are both costly and ineffective. We cannot afford ourselves to be drawn into such a conflict with our new armed forces, and it is for this reason that we should focus on achieving a swift victory over our enemies rather than pushing ourselves into an attrition war.
Combined Arms Training
The theory of combined arms combat is growing more relevant as the use of radio allows for greater coordination between the army, the armoured corps and the air force to combat the enemy more effectively. We shall focus in developing our tactics to incorporate these new doctrines to our fighting style.
Keep the Republican Armies Separated
The Constitutional Convention has decided that the way forward for the Central American Army is a decentralised army and our officers will start making the necessary reforms.
Divided but Equal
Our armies may stay separated in terms of structure, but they will be treated as equals before the law, and no region should consider their brother's forces inferior to their own.
Watchers of the Army
The Federal Government will keep a small token force that will ensure that no local army may disturb the peace of our nation for egoist provincial gains. This peacekeeping force will handle mostly inter-army relations and will work more like a military police than an actual secret police.
Voluntary but Encouraged Conscription
Volunteers for the army before were few and far between, mainly because the armies had a bad reputation of harbouring tyrants in waiting and having poor living conditions for the average soldier. We shall do away with such ideas and begin promoting army service like an honourable activity, as well as increasing the army wages significantly to attract less idealistic recruits...
Inter-Republican War Plan Simulations
Only through practice we can manage to keep the edge of the several internal armies in case of a foreign invasion. In order to practise their respective skills, we shall set up a series of war games for our armies to practise manoeuvres and fire practices in a contained environment so that they may be ready in case of conflict.
Army Infrastructure Projects
The army may be property of the provinces, but logistics is on the Central Government's responsibilities. We shall begin a series of infrastructure projects to improve the transportation of supplies across the country so that no division may face a shortage, wherever it may be.
Discourage Nepotism
Nepotism has been practically endemic in most of Central America, and while we do understand that 'better the devil you know than the devil you don't' has its usages in the military sphere, we can't afford the creation of military dynasties in our army that are not based on merit. We shall enact strict meritocratic measures to restrict generals from promoting family members unless they offer the qualifications needed for their posts.
Military Parades
A way of instilling pride for our armed forces is the celebration of yearly military parades nationwide, to give a chance to each local army to show off both at home and in the rest of the country the achievements they have accomplished in terms of discipline in such a short time. We shall decree the celebration of a military parade, effective immediately and that shall be made an annual celebration.
Ingrain Democracy in the Army
Democracy must be taught to every soldier and officer, democracy must be shown to be the system that keeps our nation together, and it will be for Democracy that our soldiers shall be willing to fight and die in the frontlines!
A Most Loyal Army to the Confederation
Our armies, beyond their individual loyalties to their respective nation, also have a responsibility to a national scale to protect their brothers and sisters from the other members of the Confederacy as well as they would defend their own people. It is this feeling of camaraderie that gives our federal government the loyalty of its troops above the individual provinces, as each soldier knows that there's more at stake that just their provinces.
Airplane Trials
The Central American Federation has begun its plans to build a new Air Force to defend ourselves. In order to begin this difficult task, early trials of new airplanes have begun to test the ability of our country to develop and fly these powerful engines.
Airfield Constructions
In order for our planes to fly, they must be able to land and take off safely. For this reason, the Central American Federation has begun the construction of new airfields for the use of our new Air Force. This will allow us to use more planes at once and successfully defend our airspace against attackers.
Flak Gun Advancements
Our ships need new weapons in order to keep them competitive. We must advance our flak gun technology and mount it on our ships in order to improve their fighting power and effectiveness in battle. These guns will help our fleet immensely.
Ace Pilot Initiative
The morale and efficiency of our Air Force will grow exponentially if our pilots have heroes to look up to and emulate. We must find pilots willing to do everything for their country, pilots who exceed what everyone thinks is possible. Hopefully, this will help us find new ace pilots in order to be the faces of our new Air Force.
Fighters Arms Race
We must not sit by idly as other countries develop better and more advances fighters that will easily outperform ours. We must stay competitive and work hard to develop and field newer and better fighter models. Our best minds must be put to work to make this happen.
Dogfight Training
Our pilots need to be trained in what could be called the art of dogfighting. They must be trained intensively in all kinds of situations in order to be able to always outmanoeuvre the enemy. If we learn them to become true heroes of dogfighting, our Air Force will become formidable through the sheer quality of our pilots alone.
Long Range Detection
RADARs are starting to become more and more common with new developments like the Decimetric radar allowing for a more accurate tracking of aerial objects in a determined airspace. It is clear to us that such a technology will become vital to secure our airspace from anyone who may dare cross into Central American skies, and it is because of this that we shall start investing in these innovative technology.
Multirole Bombers
Our quickly modernising Air Force has found the need for a new type of plane. We need bombers fit not for just one specific task, but with more flexible application in order to serve our diverse needs. For this reason, we must focus on developing multirole bombers, which will surely help us in the case of a war.
Fighter-Bombers
Our current bomber fleet cannot properly protect itself, and our fighter fleet cannot properly damage the enemy. We must introduce a new type of plane to our Air Force, the fighter-bomber. These planes will have both fighting and bombing capability and will allow us to win the skies and rain down fire on those who wish to threaten our democracy.
Sea-Bomber Trials
Our current Air Force lacks the power to damage enemy ships. We need to develop specialised sea-bombers that will be able to bomb enemy ships much more effectively. This specialisation will allow us to prevent enemy ships from arriving on our shores, possibly threatening our democracy.
Propose Naval Ventures
Our current navy is weak. Therefore, we must take a look at the possibility of focusing our military efforts on expanding it. If we don't, we will be the plaything of the other great powers. With a fleet, we can successfully defend our shores from those who would seek to topple our liberal democracy.
The Merchant Fleet
Our country lacks a formal merchant navy to speak off, and if we even want to consider starting a formal military navy, then maybe we should worry about acquiring a civilian navy first. We shall buy a few transport ships in the world market and then invest in some small dockyards to maintain these small merchant fleet.
Next Generation of Naval Officers
Our expanding navy requires officers that can properly handle the crews and efficiently control our ships. Without a proper officer corps, our ships will be little more than big pieces of floating metal. We must train a new generation of officers in order to properly staff our new ships and maintain the efficiency of our navy.
New Drydocks
In order to execute our naval expansion plans, we need new drydocks to aid us in the construction of new ships. These drydocks are expensive and we must focus our efforts in order to create a proper location for shipbuilding industries.
Convoy Defence Fleet
The most important thing on the seas is the protection of our trade. We need to defend our trade convoys and in order to do that we must seek the ships that will perform that task adequately. We cannot afford to spend too much resources on other things.
Sea Lane Patrols
With our newly acquired merchant fleet, we now run the risk of losing these precious cargo vessels to stealthy submarines and rogue destroyers. We cannot allow them to endanger our merchant fleet, and in order to protect said ships, we shall fund the development of a new cruiser model that shall help us protect our sea lanes ones they are built.
Military Fleet Expansion
To further our naval ambitions, we must focus on expanding our military fleet. It is wholly inadequate for our current strategic needs, which means that we must expand it. We must build new military ships to protect our convoys and safeguard our shores.
Civilian Fleet Focus
We have many goods to trade with the world and in order to expand our trade, we must build a strong and solid fleet. For this reason, we must focus on expanding our naval convoy fleet.
Fleet Mainstay
Our fleet may have destroyers and cruisers, but these ships might take a hit or two and will be forced to retreat to friendly ports. We need ships that can sustain heavier damage and continue the fight if we wish to stand a chance in a naval battle in the future.
Flagship Designs
With our reforms nearly finished, we are in dire need of a flagship for our navy. Not only due to its symbolical value, but because a flagship would become the sword and shield of our fleet, serving as a naval command platform to coordinate the rest of the fleet and as a formidable foe to any enemy ships in battle.
Centroamérica Focus Tree
Chose to empower the Chairman
Chose to empower congress
Chose to consolidate the army
Chose to keep the militia structure
Chose to make the agrarians the future
Chose to make the industry the future
Chose to make the people elect
Chose to make congress elect
We chose not to continue our plan of centralisation and consolidation of power.
We are not already having another focusing in other state.
We will receive party popularity accordingly to the winner of the congress
If we elect the §SModerados§! or the §oMaximistas§!, we will receive the following idea:
Otherwise, we will receive the following idea:
If we elect the §rConfedearción Obrera§! or the §RRevolucionarios§!, we will receive the following idea:
If we elect the §SModerados§! or the §RRevolucionarios§!, we will receive the following idea:
If we elect the §rConfedearción Obrera§! or the §oMaximist§!, we will receive the following idea:
If we have not completed the focus that grant us one of these §YNational Spirit§!, completing them will give us the upgraded idea.
§rWe will stop our consolidation of power.§!
§rWe will only seek to rule with the Confederación Obrera and thus stopping us from fully consolidating power over Centroamérica§!
We will get decisions to upgrade our states, giving each two additional base building slots.
If we reached the maximum infrastructure level in the state, we will instead receive:\n$MODIFIER_STATE_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: §G+10%§!\n
Should we have not researched §YSynthetic Oil Experiments§!, the following bonuses will be applied instead:
The event §Y'Focus of our Industrial Budget'§!, will makes us choose between improving our §Yresearch§!, §Yconstruction§! or §Yproduction§!.
Should we already researched §YInterwar Fighter§!, the following bonuses will be applied instead:
Should we already researched §YEarly Small Airframe§!, the following bonuses will be applied instead:
Should we already researched §YClose Air Support I§!, the following bonuses will be applied instead:
Should we already researched §YEarly Small Airframe§!, the following bonuses will be applied instead:
Should we have not researched §YParatroopers I§!, the following bonuses will be applied instead:
Otherwise, we will receive the following bonus:
The previous §Cnational spirits§! will be merged, also adding Air Superiority: §G5%§! and Air Power projection factor: §G5%§!.
Should we have not researched §YMarines I§!, the following bonuses will be applied instead:
§CIf §YYucatan§! exists, we will also unlock the following decision:§!
§CIf §YMexico§! has an authoritarian government, we will also unlock the following decision:§!
If Yucatán has a socialist government, a simple talk between the tow of us should see them being annex into us.\nBut, if that is not the case, we will have to use force to convince them.
§rWe must have some §Ypolitical power§! available and a willingness to pay the cost to get to victory.§!
This will bring us a moderate amount of support.
This will bring us a big amount of support.
This will bring us a big amount of support, but will also bring instability in the future.
We have finished gathering support and are ready to present our bill.
Based in our amount of support, we will receive the following §Ynational spirit§!:
Based in the amount of times we gave false promises to the people, we will receive the following penalty:
This decision can be taken [?CEN_max_submarines|Y0] more times.
This decision can be taken [?CEN_total_built_destroyers|Y0] more times.
This decision can be taken [?CEN_max_cruisers|Y0] more times.
This decision can be taken [?CEN_max_battleships|Y0] more times.
This decision can be taken [?CEN_max_battlecruisers|Y0] more times.
If we have a Mexican puppet and they own the state of §YChiapas§!, we will be able to take that state in the following event.
Developing the Core of the Country
Develop Nicaragua
Develop Honduras
Land Reform
While we have already dealt with the big landowners, the redistribution of their lands was hastily done. With the recent success of the agrarian reform, a renew interest to bring a fairer redistribution appeared, also adding the goal of saving any spare space for further industrial construction.
Land Reform in Yucatán
Land Reform in Guatemala
Land Reform in El Salvador
Land Reform in Honduras
Land Reform in Nicaragua
Further Development in Eastern Nicaragua
Land Reform in Costa Rica
Land Reform in Panama
Infrastructure Projects
Extending the Road to Yucatán
Infrastructure Expansion in Yucatán
Infrastructure Expansion in Guatemala
Infrastructure Expansion in El Salvador
Infrastructure Expansion in Honduras
Infrastructure Expansion in Nicaragua
Extending the Road South
Infrastructure Expansion in Costa Rica
Infrastructure Expansion in Panama
Resource Decisions
Nationalise Mexican Oil Industry
The fight with the Yucatanese didn't allow Mexico to nationalise their oil, thus allowing foreign companies to keep exploiting it. Let's remedy this and use the profits for the betterment of our people.
Take Over Southern Mexico's Resources
Our nation is in dire need of resources to boost our industrial projects, but with our conquest and now domination on Mexico, the opportunity to take over their resources has opened. But while it would be nice to be in possession of all their resources, the infrastructure needed to transport them is lacking, so let's content with just the areas below and close by Mexico city.
Request Extra Oil
Lower Oil imports
Expanding Our Navy
Funding New Submarines
Funding New Destroyers
Funding New Cruisers
Funding New Battleships
Funding New Battlecruisers
Expand Socialism in Central America
Complete the Integration of Belize
With most of our pressing internal problems sorted out, our chosen government has formulated a way to bring belize deeper into the union.
Bring Costa Rica Back Into the Union
Bring Socialism to Panama
Approach Yucatán
Dealing with Our Northern Neighbour
For too long we, as Centroamericans, have tolerated [MEX.GetName]. Now that they have donned an authoritarian cap, we can no longer stand for that. We must strike soon, for otherwise we might find ourselves at the losing end of a war with them.
Integrate Yucatán
Increasing Our Support with the Population
Growing Suspicions
Our recent more calm actions have called the attention of the Moderados who seem more distrustful than ever. We are not completely sure if they have figure out our plans yet, but is better to just continue with our plans.
Begin Talks in Guatemala
Begin Talks in El Salvador
Begin Talks in Nicaragua
The First Central American Congress
We have consolidated all Central American States under one flag, but now we must decide how to rule this nation.\nWe shall call upon all members of congress and hold the First Central American Congress!
The Maximistas
The Totalists rule with impunity!
Atheistic Socialism
God has no place in ruling a nation, only men.\nWe shall assure that all will follow the true socialist ways, the atheistic way.
Ensure Loyal Officers
There are some that disagree with our methods.\nTo have our nation run without a hitch we must assure that all follow\nwith force, or without.
Purging Foreign Influence
Not only from within, but also foreigners try to undermine our rule.\nTaking action to make sure no foreign nation or, even worse, capitalists wreak havoc is crucial.
Our Supreme Chairman
The central pillar of our society is the chairman Juan Wainwright.\nHe will be making tours through the nation, making sure that all know who helped bring us out of the dark night and into the bright day!
The Confederación Obrera
The Syndicalists rule for everyone!
Native Rights
We are not alone in this world, nor in this country.\nWe must realise that and let any imperialist thought behind.\nEstablishing native rights will make sure our base grows.
Promote Trade-Unions
Workers are the foundation of any nation. Promoting trade-unions will ensure workers stay happy and, more important, loyal.
The European Model
Syndicalism has its roots in Europe, and we must follow their ways if we are to succeed.
Establish the Central American Identity
To ensure our nation survives for longer than a few decade, we must ensure that our people don't see themselves as El Salvadorans, or Guatemalan, but Central Americans.\nWe are all brothers
Empower the Chairman
To make a difference in the world, we need one man representing us. Having a chairman will full fill that goal.
Empower the Congress
Having an elected congress rule will ensure our nation remains a bastion of socialism.\nOne man cannot rule a nation; many however can.
Consolidate the Army
Being a new nation born out of many means we have a splintered military. We must consolidate this to ensure a competent defence force.
Retain the Militias
Forests, mountains and coasts, we have them all. Each region knows their territory the best, and maintaining the splintered nature means that we are prepared everywhere.
The Socialist Breadbasket
The backbone of any nation consists of the farms, the agrarians! Ensuring that that backbone remains strong means we can support a great nation!
A Step Forward
If we want to maintain relevance, we must move on with the times and industrialise. Factories are the future!
The People's Elections
It is for the people that our government exists, and it will be by the will of the people that our government will be chosen. Let's put the times of autocracy behind, and usher in a new era for Central America where the state can serve the people and not the other way around.
The Congress' Elections
The people mustn't be concerned with choosing who leads. Politics are a complicated web, and they must focus their efforts on their own lives.
The Revolutionaries
The Radical Socialists were the obvious choice to rule our nation, and thus are now in charge of congress and all national affairs!
Develop the Core of the Country
Nicaragua and Honduras are the most underdeveloped regions of the union.\nCorruption from foreign influences never allowed the region to flourish, but we will rectify this by bringing swift reforms, relieve for the farmers and the complete redistribution of all formerly UFC lands.
Religious Socialism
For centuries religion has played an important role. To rule for the people we must incorporate this into our socialist policies.
Hispanicisation
We must be united, and the best approach is to all have the same, superior, culture: speak Spanish, have the same traditions, same festivities, and so on. We must strive for this ideal, stop foreigners from fornicating and corrupting the Hispanic race.\nIf they want or not.\nThe Central American natives might resist, but we will deal with that problem later!
In Defence of Central America
We have enemies of socialism on all sides and we must be prepared to pick up arms and defend our nation at any moment!\nMaking our people understand that is crucial.
Spreading the Light of God
Other, less enlightened, nations must understand that their ways are outdated, wrong.\nShowing them the light of our Lord, through peace or force, will rectify this.
The Moderados
The Partido Popular rules justly!
Universal Suffrage
We represent all people, man or woman. We must represent this and allow everyone to vote!
Standing for the Small Man
Many nations are ruled by corporations and those with deep pockets. We, however, are unlike many nations and ensure that from the lowest of the low to the richest of the rich everyone is represented.
Education Reforms
Reforming education will make our entire population happy, literate and help our nation become more advanced than it was before!
Food Distribution
It has been proven that a lack of food during childhood will make for under developed children. We must ensure that all children have enough to eat, and our nation becomes as strong as them.
Providing National Healthcare
One way to ensure a healthy nation, is to ensure its people are healthy. Setting up the National Healthcare will sure that no child, man or woman will go untreated in the future.
Our Own Socialism
To ensure that we rule for our people we must ensure that we make our own socialism. We will be inspired, but not copy from Europe and represent ourselves and our people to our fullest extent.
Into the World
We have consolidated our rule. Now we can focus on matters beyond our borders without internal distractions.
The Agricultural Union
We have chosen to focus our nation on the little man, the farmers.
Exports to the Internationale
If we focus on exporting some of our goods to the Internationale, we can re-invest the profits and improve our own production.
The Central American Road
The old mud roads won't do us much good these days. We must create a grand Central American road that will connect our nation.
Agricultural Reform
Even if we focus on agriculture, we don't have to sit still. A reform in our agriculture will allow more men to work in our factories.
The Cash Crop Boom
Cash Crop have been becoming more valuable. We can use these changes and boom our own economy by focusing more on these crops!
Expanding Military Production
While producing more crop is nice, we can't defend our nation with corn.\nWe must expand our military production too if we want to remain safe in the future.
Improving Working Conditions
Happy workers are productive workers. If we work our nation to the bone, we will be no better than those autocrats. New policies shortening the work week and enforcing better pay will help our nation immensely.
Establishing Self Sufficiency
While friends and allies are a must, they can not be relied on fully. We must ensure that we can survive in a future without imports or other outside sources.
The People's Defence
The core of our society, nay, the nation, is its people. We must ensure that they will be protected at all costs.
Improving Crop Production
Recent foreign inventions have improved the output of their orchards and a farms. We must not remain behind and implement these in our own nation.
Profit Rake-in
The extensive reforms in our nation have greatly increased the production of our nation, and with that, its profits. While we are a nation for its people, we also need a little something.
Establish the Central American University
Now that our farms need less people working on them, we can create a university for the brightest and produce more knowledge than we have ever before!
Preparing for Future Crisis
Our nation might be strong, but it isn't infallible. We must prepare for our future, any future, be it bad or good.
Beginning Industrialisation
Let us start the long process of moving into the 20th century!
Connecting Through the Air
Not only the ground, but also the air becomes more important. We must realise this and build airbases!
Socialist Funding
Rebuilding an industry is not cheap. We must try and get funds for the upcoming projects!
Readjusting the Industrial Budget
We spend too much money on irrelevant things. If we readjust our budget we can make far greater strides!
Arming the Military
However much we'd like, we cannot arm the military with spanners. We will need factories to produce guns, ammo and more if we want to defend our homeland.
Moving the Farmers to Factories
If all our men are producing corn, we won't get any industry of the ground. We must move men from the country sides into the cities!
Connecting on the Ground
If we cannot move our machines, spanners and weapons in our country, we will not get anywhere. We must start Infrastructure projects to ensure that we can move faster than a snail in our nation.
Extending the Road North
We have made great progress with our infrastructure projects, but we must not stop here. The north remains unconnected to our new network and we must rectify this!
State-Wide Projects
Focusing on small things at a time will get us nowhere. We must start up a series of large state-wide projects that will make an actual difference!
Connecting Through the Sea
The last of the three avenues, the sea, is left untouched. We might not have a grand navy, but it is never too late to change this!
Normalise the Budget
Now that most of our reforms are in, we can finally normalise the budget and make sure no sector is left wanting more. It will take some effort, but should ensure the long-term survival!
Promoting Education
If all we are producing is outdated equipment, we will get nowhere, so we must work to also bring our knowledge into this age and produce weapons, cars and machines fitting of our nation!
Developing Our Own Fuel
We will always lack the resources we want, but we can at least alleviate some of our needs by utilising modern refineries.
The People's Army
Our army is in slight disarray after the merge of our nations, and we must move quickly to reorganise our armed forces to protect us from those who would bring down Socialism.
Formalise the General Staff
We must choose the most competent Centroamericans to lead our forces, and let them reorganise the army!
Outside the Jungle
A modern military fights in the air and the fields, not just the jungle. We must adjust our doctrine on this fact!
Arming Our Forces
We desire a larger army, but without guns, we will just march into our death. We can use some of our decommissioned arms to bridge the gap.
Using Foreign Design
While busy reuniting Centroamérica under the socialist banner, we slacked in researching new small arms. We can catch up, but might have to rely on European design. In the end, bullets are bullets.
Improving Communication
Using runners is not suited for a country of our grandeur, and even motorised vehicles are getting too slow. We must invest in electronic communication to connect our nation!
Creating a Military Academy
Hoping that our officers get trained by outdated books and field training is futile. We must set up a proper academy so that our new forces will be properly lead by a new age of officers!
Focusing on Speed
Our nation is over 1500 km long. Marching or using outdated trucks is not suitable for a country of that length. We must invest in new motorised equipment to ensure we remain a mobile army.
A Force to Spread the Revolution
We are not just an army of Centroamérica, we are the army for the revolution. Our enemies must realise that we are coming to spread it to them, but first, our own soldiers must!
A New Generation of Generals
A new academy, a new doctrine, it all pays off and we can truly say we have raised a new generation of generals that can properly defend our Centroamérica.
The People's Liberation Force
An army for the people should consist of the people. Using every man's expertise we shall make a liberation force that the enemies of socialism shall fear!
Evolving the Guerrilla Doctrine
The ways of the old are what they are, old and outdated. We must evolve our doctrine if we want to remain on the forefront of warfare.
Intensify Training
The soldiers eat like kings, and they should know what we do with kings. Putting our forces on new training (and a diet) should help keep consumption of supplies down and make us less likely to starve if we ever get surrounded!
Increasing Conscription
Guns, ammo, shells, all that we can produce in factories. Men, however, are harder to produce quick; we must increase conscription if we want to spread the revolution, just don't tell them about the diet...
Overwhelm the Enemy
From a certain message board we were told that encirclements are great. If we want to emulate this military strategy we have to ensure we have mechanised divisions ready!
Looking at the Training Process
Our training process is outdated, based on old principles and made with dictators in mind. We must use our collected knowledge and rebuild the process from the ground up, making it faster and more efficient!
Modernising Equipment
Besides our training process, we must also modernise our equipment. Putting efforts towards new small arms will help immensely in the war effort.
Hill Hold-out
Understanding our terrain is core to defeating the enemy. If they come for us we shall hide in the hills, the mountains and the country side. Every enemy of the revolution shall fall to soldiers they will never see, for we shall be expert of hiding.
All-Terrain Forces
Central America is home to many types of terrain: hills, mountains, jungles, plains. We must adapt to all and make sure that none of our soldiers fall to the nature.
Defending Our Home
What keeps our nation safe is our army, what keeps the revolution safe is our army. Our people can sleep safely at night knowing that we are focused on not only spreading the revolution, but also defending every man, woman and child that has ever held the name Centroamerican!
Ejército del Aire
We must organise a large meeting between all branches of the air force to re-organise and decide the structure of our combined Ejército del Aire de Centroamérica!
A Combined Air Force
Being a union of nations, our air force must also be united. We shall concentrate our air bases at our capital and ensure we can send a large force anywhere the enemy might attack!
A Spread-Out Air Force
Each nation knew its own terrain best. We shall let each region set up their own branches of the air force to protect the air!
Airfield Construction
Having provided part of our country with airbases is not enough. We must make an organised effort to speed up the construction of more airstrips, hangars and everything else needed to a functioning air force!
Air Force Officers
Our air force is lacking in competent officers. We will go looking around the land army and our local colleges to find competent officers. Once we fill out our ranks we can make better progress with our doctrine!
Anti-Aircraft Defences
Defending our nation's airspace is not something we can do only from the air. Once we construct anti-aircraft guns in [Root.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] we can sleep saver knowing that our capital is protected from the air!
Fighter Focus
Controlling the air space is key to keeping our army alive. Focusing on our fighter research will ensure that our planes will always have the edge above the enemy's
Close Air Support Focus
Assisting our men on the field is the most crucial element of air warfare. The war is not won by planes alone after all.\nFocusing on our CAS research will allow our planes to make our armies all that more effective!
Detecting the Enemy
What are big guns and a faster planes good for if we cannot even detect the enemy!\n\nWe shall research more into radar technology and detect these enemies of the revolution all the better!
Fuerzas Aerotransportadas
Our paratrooper corps has been lacking, mostly using old tablecloths and twine to practise landing with, jumping from tables.\nThis can no longer go on and we must reform the corps into something that the enemy shall fear.\nDeveloping new parachutes and proper guns, light and short, will be a worthwhile effort!
Defending the Homeland
Our air force is finally reformed.\nOur airmen are filled with pride when they step into our planes!\nOur men on the ground smile when they see our roundel in the sky!\nAll enemies of the revolution shall cower in fear when they hear the roar of our planes!
Armada Centroamericana
Having a grand navy was not essential for unifying Central America under our socialist banner. Now that we have done that we can finally focus on building a grand armada to protect and spread socialism.
Naval Construction Effort
We cannot will ships into existence and thus we must focus on constructing dockyards to realise our vision of a grand armada!
The Blood of the Navy
Oil is one of the most important resources for running a navy and sadly, we have a severe of lack it.\nHowever, our northern neighbour is in control of some decent sized oil fields in their southern regions. Perhaps, we could reach an agreement with them to have access to some of theirs.
Naval Doctrine Effort
Many officers have no idea how to properly strategise with more than one ship, appalling! We shall rectify this and start putting effort into our officers education!
Infantería de Marina
Wars are not won by ships alone, but we can certainly use them to put boots on the ground. This revolutionary idea hadn't occurred to our officers yet, but now that they finally got around to using their education, we can modernise our marine divisions!
A Blue Water Fleet
Having a grand navy will take time to construct and be very costly. Having this grand blue water fleet will provide much greater power and control compared to some dinky destroyers!
Los Acorazados
Key to a blue water navy are its battleships. We sorely lack any modern ones and must put great effort into rectifying this!
Los Cruceros de Batalla
Having lighter battleships, battle cruisers, alongside our bigger vessels will prove a strong combination, as our newly researched doctrine has proven!
Improve Dockyards
While great effort has been put into construction new grand ships, it has not gone as fast as we had hoped.\nImproving the size and work flow in our dockyards will provide more ships quicker!
A Trade-Interdiction Fleet
Aspiring to have a great fleet is nice, but not feasible for a nation that had barely a bathtub in the water a few years ago.\nAiming for a trade interdiction fleet, based on destroyers and cruisers will prove easier to build and, most important, cheaper!
Los Cruceros
Having little to no knowledge of cruisers, our officers decided on a small vacation to the American coast, for sightseeing they said.\n\nThe photos they returned with show quite a lot of American beauty!
Los Destructores
Smaller ships like destroyers are crucial to keeping our waters save of submarines and similar sneaky authoritarian tactics!
Expand Dry-docks
Most of our dry-docks are fitted for smaller vessels, or cruisers. We shall re-purpose and expand these to fit the larger of the ships we need for our grand socialist armada!
Submarinos de la Armada
While we are above sneaky authoritarian tactics, we can use them, hiding under the water until unsuspecting enemy ships pass by!\nSubmarines are quite crucial to keeping the enemy off of our shores!
Naval Airplanes
A joint effort of aerospace engineers and naval engineers has provided some plans for new naval planes. We do not have any carriers to put them on, but its the thought that counts!
Acquire an Old Carrier
Having finally gotten the expertise to craft a carrier does not make one magically appear. While we wait for one to be constructed we can inquire with the Americans if they might have an older model lying around that we could purchase!
Join the Internationale
We have finally gotten all national affairs in order and can look at what we can do for the rest of the world.\nThe Internationale supports our values and we must join them if we want socialism to succeed in this tumultuous times!
Founding of the Central American Congress
Socialists from all over the country are coming together to determine the future and foundations of the united socialist Centroamérica! The most prominent are the ones who resisted the hardest against the various military dictators and enemies of socialism, but not all can reach the top as they might wish they can. We'll see in the coming weeks just who manages to make themselves known.
To a new future!
Partido Nacional Revolucionario
The Partido Nacional Revolucionario has been founded by Sandino, and is gathering a small group of Guatemalans under his cause, leaving his previous partner Sequeira out largely on his own. They desire a unified Central American Identity and wish to spread this identity and the revolution to more of Latin America. Many are calling Sandino a monster for leaving Sequeira, who was key in his revolution in Nicaragua in the dirt, but his popularity is still steadily rising.
The splits begin to show.
Partido Maximista
Juan Wainwright has formed the Partido Maximista. His vision is that of a strong chairman, who leads Centroamérica forwards into a bright future, spreading his vision of socialism across Latin America. With his main and only real base of support located in Honduras, he is seen as an unlikely candidate to actually come out on top in the future of our new nation, but he claims he 'Just may surprise us'.
A very dangerous party indeed...
Confederación Obrera de Centro América
The Confederación Obrera de Centro América, led by Farabundo Martí, is founded on the ideals of European Syndicalism, created by the Brits and the French. They want to provide a government by and for the people; a safe place for future generations and especially natives, as a large amount of their base of support comes from the indigenous population located within our union. Besides overall native support, Martí enjoys admiration in his home country of El Salvador which sees him as their liberator.
The European model could work after all...
Partido Popular
The Partido Popular, led by Silverio Ortiz, wants to take a moderate point. Making sure that people have food in their belly and get the education they need. Seen by some as too moderate, and might encounter resistance from people who believe they don't follow true Socialism. Serving as a Guatemalan based party, they hope to ensure the Maximistas cannot wrestle control even if they don't win, claiming they are a greater threat then the military dictators before them
A man of the people!
The Partido Popular, led by Rafael Calderón, aims to save his people from a lack of plenty, wants to implement a better healthcare system. To nay-sayers, accusing him of catering to liberals, he says that his unique form of moderate socialism will keep the country intact, running and alive!
Sequeira, Lost and Found
With Sequeira being left in the dust by Sandino, Sequeira has been looking for a new home in the political spectrum. Many predict he is going to be forced into subordination under Sandino, but others think he could stab him in the back for his betrayal and join the Guatemalans in the Partido Popular. Anything is possible, but he decides to side with...
He sways them to the Partido Nacional Revolucionario!
He makes the Partido Popular sound quite appealing!
Calling of the Congress
Representatives from all over the country have arrived and are getting ready to start the grand debates in a week!
Let us begin.
Status of Power
Congress or the Chairman. Some argue that power should never lie with one man, others argue that any nation needs a figurehead, who can lead them during the dark times. After many days of debating, the parties have finally agreed on an answer.
The congress will always remain important.
The chairman is the final factor.
Status of the Army
A union of nations brings forth a few problems: each had their own army, their own structure. Should they all be incorporated into a singular large force, a professional army, or should they remain separate, a band of militias spread throughout the country and working autonomously?
The militias are our own roots!
Maybe it is time to create a consolidated army!
Status of Industry
While the industrial revolution is far behind us, we have yet to entirely switch over. Some call for this to never change, and to focus on becoming the Socialist Breadbasket, ensuring full bellies. Others propose a more radical change for industrialisation, arguing that less people need to work in the fields these days and more can work in the factories, producing luxury goods and arms!
For a stronger future, industrialisation!
For a better people, agrarianism!
Status of the Future Elections
If the people are working in the factories and the fields, they cannot concern themselves with politics, at least, that is what the Maximistas and Confederación Obrera are reasoning. Others argue that no matter what, the people must vote, because is them who they are representing. Otherwise, what are they but impostors for the revolution!
The council is the backbone of the union.
The people are the true deciders here!
The Maximistas Have Won!
The results are in! The Maximistas have proven themselves as the victors of the elections, and have already begun to implement their controversial reforms. With this, we can expect a centralisation of power resisted by other socialist cliques.
Victory!
The Confederación Obrera de Centro América Have Won!
The results are in! The Confederación Obrera de Centro América have found itself on top in the congress, and have already begun to take office under Martí. Loud cheers can be heard from those who want Centroamérica to play a larger role in socialist politics and especially from the native population. What comes next however, is yet to be seen.
For Socialism!
The Revolutionaries Have Won!
The results are in! The Partido Nacional Revolucionario has come out on top within our nation, as many seemed to expect. Sandino has always been a popular choice among the people due to his initial success in Nicaragua, and many expect it to be not so different now. What lies next in his political career is yet to been, but many look on in anticipation.
For the Revolution!
The Moderados Have Won!
The results are in! Seen as being as mildly socialist as you can get without entering the liberal camp, the Moderados wish to see the people be the main decider within our new union over petty politicians, along with ensuring their safety and everyday needs be met. Other politicians look on in contempt at what they see as filthy moderates, but today the people are the ones who rejoice.
For the people!
Deadlock!
After weeks of debating the congress hasn't been able to make a clear winner. Another vote will have to be held, hopefully now with a clearer result. Who wins the new result?
The Moderados.
The Maximistas.
The Confederación Obrera.
The Revolutionaries.
The Capital Debate
A new nation requires a, possibly, new capital. We must decide if we want to move our capital to a new location, more fitting to our new government, or if we will stay put. In the end, the new congress decides and their choice left the doors just now!
Ciudad de Guatemala will do nicely.
San Salvador will do nicely.
Tegucigalpa will do nicely.
Managua will do nicely.
San José will do nicely.
Our Funding?
We cannot rebuild a country on just promises.\n\nFrom somewhere we must get the funding for our extensive projects. We can open our own coffers, but we have more bills to pay, so if we want to avoid spending even more money, we could appropriate some factories from their owners to give us some more assets to use, however, it won't make people that happy.
We will have to open the coffers.
We can just borrow some factories.
Budget Readjustments
It is time to decide to what level should the budget be revised and used for furthering our industrial goals.
Let's plan around a high budget.
Let's plan around a medium budget.
Let's plan around a low budget.
Focus of Our Industrial Budget
With the amount of the budget decided, the only thing left is to choose on what to spend it.
Let's focus in improving our research capabilities.
Let's focus in construction.
Let's focus in mass production.
Approaching Yucatán
Seeing as Yucatán had a socialist government similar to ours, we decided to prepare a meeting. There, something was made very clear, their desire to join into our nation and help to expand socialism in the rest of Central America.\nNaturally, we accepted such opportunity and have already begun to prepare multiple projects to increase their integration to the wider union.
Is a great day for socialism.
We should ask their overlord first.
We should ask their overlord first and offer a small compensation.
Centroamérica Asks for a Union with Yucatán
A representative from the Centroamerican government has arrive today, asking for permission to unite with our Yucatán puppet.\nThey argue that an agreement has already been reach between the two and that denying this would be a violation of the desires of the people living there, but we still have the last word in this matter and we can do as we please.
Let's give it to them, not much to lose anyway.
They should have fought for it themselves.
Our Request Has Been Accepted
Yucatán's master has seen reason and accepted our request to annex them.
A union destine to last for sure.
Our Request Has Been Denied
Yucatán's master has rejected our request to annex them.
There is nothing more we can do.
Central American Troops Are Amassing on the Border
Recon squads have reported a rather large amount of Central American troops along our border. It is clear to the military that Central America is planning on attacking us in order to force us into the Union. As this information has been published in the newspapers, many patriotic men have signed up to defend the nation, but the independence of Costa Rica lies in grave danger.
We shall defend our homeland, no matter what the cost may be!
Central American Ships Spotted by David
The Coast Guard has reported strange Central American naval movements around Panama recently, and the general activity of the FNCA has increased in a scary fashion. It is clear to the military that Central America is planning on invading Panama in order to incorporate us into the Union.
A massive amount of troop movement was noticed on our southern border, with some Centroamerican messengers carrying letters directed at the last socialist remains in our country, instigating them to rise up against our \
We shall defend our homeland once again from the socialist!
Integrating Yucatán
With our recent victory against our northern neighbour, a restoration of a revolutionary democratic regime followed.\n\nBut, there is still a lot fear and uncertainty as this new democracy could fall just like the last one. That is why, a large group of people in our country and the region of Yucatán believe that we should annex the region, to protect the people and natives from further injustices.\n\nAlthough, some think of annexing the regions of Chiapas and Tabasco to have a much shorter and defensible border.
With our recent victory against our northern neighbour, it was decided to establish a new Yucatanese sister republic and to restore a revolutionary democracy in Mexico.\n\nBut, there is still a lot fear and uncertainty as this new democracy could fall just like the last one. That is why, a large group of people in our country and the region of Yucatán believe that we should annex the region, to protect the people and natives from further injustices.\n\nAlthough, some think of annexing the regions of Chiapas and Tabasco to have a much shorter and defensible border.
Maybe more dangerous, but is the best for the people.
We need more security from further Mexican threats.
Furthering Our Naval Capacity
With our, pretty modest, naval plans finally over. Today, our naval experts surprise us, coming to with a plan to further increase our naval capabilities even more, but with most of the naval budget already spend, they have ask for more resources to be allocated to make this dream of even greater naval armada that will bring complete domination of the seas come true.\n\nThis would hurt our other productive sectors, but they argued that we need to catch up to the other powers of the region and that the plan has been crafted to use its resources as effient as possible.
Dominance of the seas is of utmost importance.
Let's politely turn down their offer.
Continue Diverting Resources to the Navy?
After a year, the results of the programme have bring great mixed results, but haven't hurt us as much as we thought it would.\n\nBut our experts assure us that continuing this plan will keep our navy completive with other powers and even surpass them.
No cost too great for a top quality navy.
Let's put an end to this drain of resources.
Negotiating Oil Concessions with Mexico
Our plans for a big navy have found another problem and that is our lack of oil to keep our navy running for more than small coastal defence mission. Thankfully, our northern neighbour has a vast amount of oil deposits in all their country, while they are more plenty in the north and centre of theri country, it is much easier to transport oil from the ones found in Chiapas and Yucatán, so let's proceed to ask them and hope for the best.
Approach them with our best smile.
Offer some economic concessions in return.
Centroamérica Asks for a Small Oil Lease
We have been approached by our southern neighbours, asking for the lease of a small amount of oil deposits in the south of our nation. They claim this will be use to fuel their navy in the future which seems a rather suspicious reason, but with how backwards their economy is, it is hard to see them using it for anything that could threaten us.
Reject their agreement.
Share just a little of it.
Give them what they ask.
Their generosity should reciprocated, by giving them a little more oil.
Mexico Rejects Our Agreement
Mexico has turn down our proposed agreement over fears of our 'real' intentions for their oil and general distrust of our government.
So much for socialist solidarity.
Expected response from reactionary scum.
Mexico Accepts Our Agreement
Mexico has accepted our agreement and has lease some of the oil coming from their south, this has obviously come with a small fee.
We are grateful for their cooperation.
What kind of game are they playing on us?
Centroamérica Wants to Increase Its Oil Lease
Centroamérica has called us today to increase the amount of oil they have access to in our country. They are willing to also increase their fees to compensate, so, what should we say?
Proceed with the deal.
Maintain the current levels.
Mexico's Response
Mexico has agreed to us having more access to their oil fields.
Mexico rejected our deal and preferred to maintain the current levels oil.
Great!
Darn.
Centroamérica Wants to Decrease Its Oil Fees
Centroamérica has called us today to decrease their fees, also lowering the amount of oil they receive, so, what should we say?
Mexico has agreed to lowering our fees and amount of oil with it.
Mexico rejected our deal and preferred to maintain the current fees.
Cater to the 'Dirty' Moderados?
There are some in our midst that think we should sympathise more with the other factions, and try and include their ideas into ours. Others call this idea filthy, and call those who hold them 'dirty' moderates. We could try and be more inclusive, giving us a bit of stability, at the cost at angering the current Moderados, or we could just ignore them and try and expel the people that would argue for this!
They're called dirty for a reason.
We rule for everyone!
Finally, Prosperity!
Our new policies have paid off! Our hard work trying to improve the living is paying its dividend, but we are far from done yet. While we can focus on the whole nation, it might be better to focus on a single state. This might anger some of the states left behind, but will result in larger improvements...
Focus further on Guatemala.
Focus further on Nicaragua.
Focus further on El Salvador.
Focus further on Honduras.
Focus further on Costa Rica!
Focus on the whole country!
Hard Work Pays Off
The work we have done months ago finally pays off. The people in [CEN_prosper_state.GetName] rejoice as we today open the new factories!
Ah, the fruits of labour.
Ortiz Celebrates Our Victory
Silverio Ortiz, previous leader of the party, has send a message from Guatemala, congratulating our victory and hoping the best for our rule as he will focus in his home province.
From north to south, we will bring prosperity to all.
Sequeira Shows Support for Our Education Reforms
Today, in the streets of Managua, a large group of people were seen with Sequeira at the front. After hearing about the government's new education reforms, he decided to use his popularity to encourage everyone to send their kids to one of the many new schools made.\nHe finished his message saying that he will go to every Nicaraguan village to spread awareness of the news and help the future generation have opportunities we could only dreamt of.
Still a man of the people.
Sandino's Followers
More and more people flock to Sandino's words, not befitting of a socialist nation...\n\nThey call themselves the Sandiniastas, and have been becoming more vocal in their support of Sandino instead of the government. We must decide whether to stop this in its tracks, or to let him go on and risk this growing out of our control...
Curb his growth!
Let him have his fun!
Resistance to Change
Process does not come without sacrifices. We must purge all non-Hispanic influences that are currently holding us back. There has been some resistance to our advances.\n\nWe could silence them and push through our way, or we could listen to them, and take it a bit slower...
They will have to live with it.
Maybe we should listen.
Central American Hispanicisation
Centroamérica has been making worrying strides towards Hispanicisation, forcing marriages to be broken, expelling immigrants and banning any tradition that is not part of the Hispanic culture.\n\nMany in our nation are watching with weary eyes towards the south, and awaiting a denouncement...
Denounce it.
Not our issue.
Discontent in Honduras
Our new and more open stance in our religious position has angered the Maximistas in Honduras. They have started rallies in Tegucigualpa, saying that only men can rule other men and that a god is just another tool to control the population.\nThe people have reacted with apathy towards them, so there is not any apparent immediate threat, but it would be wise to keep them in check.
They are not worth the time.
Let's \
Sandino's Cult Grows
We have been careless, and the Sandiniastas have been gaining more and more followers...\n\nWe can still act, and ban the organisation, but it will cost us greatly, and anger Sandino even more. However, if we don't, Sandino might get ideas and try and pull even more power towards him self, bringing danger to the revolution.\n\nWe must decide quickly!
He is too powerful now...
Let us root him out for the last time!
The Native Question
There have been people in these lands for a long time. The natives have been looking at the new congress, not sure what to think. A representative came to us a few days ago, looking for a statement on their status.\n\nIf they would still be respected and seen as full citizens? We gave them a swift answer:
We welcome new and old residents!
We have no need for you!
The Central American Identity
With us welcoming the natives with open arms, relations have warmed up a good amount. A group of natives has taken initiative and formed the Central-American Identity. They are spreading the thought that we are all Central-American, not Guatemalan, Nicaraguan or El Salvadoran!\n\nThis will surely bring greater unity to our nation!
We stand for all Central-Americans.
Following the European Lead
In these last months, our government has tried even harder to align our values and institutions to the ones in the Commune of France.\nWorks to quickly industrialise and propaganda efforts to increase the amount of people who join unions have been on rise and our leader, Farabundo Martí, has announced his future plan to distance ourselves from his original idea of \
Everything to bring a brighter future.
$central_america_socialist_events.302.d$\nBut, after the \
Let's just hope this doesn't darkens our prosperity.
Protest over new Religious laws
Multiple rallies against the new laws are taking place across the nation.\nThe Partido Popular has use all the protest to claim that more violations against the individual freedoms will continue under our rule.\n\nThis has caused multiple deadlocks in the congress as most of it is against us, saying that they \
We should be more careful in the future...
Beginning to Consolidate our Rule
Since enough time has passed for most of the controversy surrounding our religious law to go away, the discussion over our centralisation laws has begun again, but many party members have voiced multiple opinion on how we should go around them.\n\nSome believe that there is no point to even trying because the other parties will rally the people against us and remove us from power, to keep the little regional power they have left after.\n\nA majority believe that we could strike a deal with Martí and his party, giving us enough power to be most of the time the majority at the congress, which will give us enough support to apply our laws in the other two administrations.\n\nBut some others still want to go through with the original plans, by first making ourself more friendly to the people and the congressmen to have a bigger chance of our laws passing.
Is better to leave it here.
Let's try to ally with the Confederación Obrera.
We begun our rule with a goal and if it ends completing it, so be it.
Approaching the Confederación Obrera
The meeting began uneventfully, but we decided to quickly bring the topic at hand, an alliance between both of us to not have as many constrains and rule with a shared vision.\n\nOf course, first we had to create said shared vision. The first point was in religion, while they helped the deadlocks, they explained that it was just to keep the support of the people and that if our alliance actually came to be, they will switch to support our atheistic vision.\n\nThe second one was about the status of the native americans, we don't feel strongly either way about them, so we agree to keep the current stances that the Confederación Obrera have.\n\nFinally, we both had similar visions of a strong central government to rule the nation, so that was a non-issue too.\n\nIn the end, it seems that we share more that we have against each other, so an alliance seems rather possible.
We will not bend our ideals to gain their support.
Perfect, this will serve to partially accomplish our goals.
Gathering Support in Guatemala
Almost everything is set up to begin our talk in Ciudad de Guatemala, but which will be the topic that we focus on?\n\nSome have propose to attack their seemingly very idealistic policies either putting more emphasis in the toll that this had taken in their local economy or how in little of their goal they have actually achieve.\n\nWhile others talk of temporally adopt their welfare or just lie about doing it to convince the locals and shift more of them under us.
Focus on attacking their idealistic goals.
Focus more in the immediate economic problems
Welfare will win the people over to our side.
Give a void promise of help.
Gathering Support in El Salvador
Almost everything is set up to begin our talk in San Salvador, but which will be the topic that we focus on?\n\nSome have propose to attack how Faraundo's own ideas of socialism are perversive and not true to what socialism is or how their industrialisation programs are too extreme and could bring harm to the people.\n\nWhile others talk about rushing our own industrialisation programs to offer them as a better and government endorsed plan.
Focus on attacking Martí's way of socialism.
Focus more on how the reckless industrialisation will affect the people.
We are more capable of bring new industry.
Promise to bring more industry but don't do anything yet.
Gathering Support in Nicaragua
Almost everything is set up to begin our talk in Managua, but which will be the topic that we focus on?\n\nSome have propose to attack the militaristic ambitions of Sandino who even has claim that he will bring all of Latin America in a union, or his fervorous takes on religion that he even has tried to spread to his loyal militia.\n\nWhile others talk about offering support to the farmers, the main support base of Sandino, through providing better conditions and infrastructure.
Focus on attacking Sandino's militarism.
Focus more on how unhinged his ideas of religion are.
We will be the champion of the farmers.
Promise to relieve to the farmers but don't do anything yet.
Moderados Make Their Move
The day started calmly, with Wainwright working at his desk. Soon the doors busted open and armed men rushed into the room.\n\nSoon Wainwright was in cuffs and led out of the building.\n\nThe army officers were successfully convinced to work together with the Moderados to coup the Maximistas and ensure a new government beneficial for the people and not only for itself.
Let's stir Centroamérica back to its correct direction.
Moderados Motion a Coup
With all our papers clear, we called for a new congress to assemble.\n\nBut when it came time to pass our laws, most of them were turned down swiftly. We were prepare to leave the congress, but then the Moderados called for a final resolution, in which they would assume the position of the chairman and make many of our laws void; surprisingly, the other parties accepted this, it seems that our aggressive and antagonist behaviour towards them left us without any public or political support and without it, we had no other but to accept.
Let's stir Centroamérica back to its correct direction.
A Successful Consolidation of Power
With all our papers clear, we called for a new congress to assemble.\n\nWith the amount of support we were able to gather, our laws passed without much problems. With so much control under our hands now, we are able to finally deal with the strong grip the local governments had in the other provinces, it will take time, but we will finally create the vision of a strong and organised union that we always envisioned.
A true and strong union emerges today.
Native Rights
Export Profits
Promoting Trade Unions
The Chairman
Empowered Congress
Army Reforms
Militias Traditions
The Socialist Breadbasket
Industrialisation
Resistance to Atheism
Atheistic State
Lingering Maximist Support
Seized Capitalist Assets
Controlled Congress
Relieve for the Needy
Rushed Industrial Expansion
Support for the Farmers
Centralised Power
Rising Population Growth
Religious Socialism
Resistance to Hispanification
Spreading the Light of God
For the Small Man
Education Reforms
Food Distribution
National Healthcare
Agricultural Reforms
The Cash Crop Boom
Self Sufficiency
Defence of the People
Agricultural Reforms
Agricultural Reforms
The Cash Crop Boom
Readjusting the Budget
Expanding Our Research
Improving Our Construction
Mass Production
Increased Air Supplies
Farms to the Factories
State-wide Projects
State-wide Projects
Normalised the Budget
Spread the Revolution
Army Restructurisation
Professional Army
Arming Our Forces
Moving from the Jungles
A new Generation of Generals
Increased Conscription
Reform the Training
Defend our Homeland
Rumble in the Jungle
New Training Process
Increased Motorised Production
Socialist Funding
Restructuring our Air Force
United Air Force
New Air Officers
A Socialist Air force
Start of a Grand Armada
Oil Fees
Centroamerican Payments
Extra Budget for the Navy
Blue Water Navy Focus
Naval Screen Focus
Diverted Production for the Navy
Mauser Caribbean
Ford Caribbean
MAS Caribbean
Somua Caribbean
Krupp Caribbean
Chrysler Caribbean
Focke-Wulf Caribbean
Morane Saulnier Caribbean
Curtiss-Wright Caribbean
Electric Boat Caribbean
Kaiser Shipyards Caribbean
Central America Military Focus Tree
The Army has adapted a policy of Professionalisation
The Army has adapted a policy of Expansion
We have secured the support of a major power through a major visit
Ongoing diplomatic efforts
Clarified the Status of the IRCA
Lack of funding for the next section has been resolved.
We have decided how to deal with the security of our workers for the next section.
Prepared the construction of the next section.
$CENmil_clarified_rail_4_flag$
Finished the expansion of the IRCA tracks
Finished the Managua section
Finished the San José section
Received permission for the construction of the San José section
Received permission for the construction of the Panama Canal section
The infrastructural projects are bringing in profits to the government budget
Political Instability
The military regime faces much political opposition, especially from the forcefully integrated regions.
Economic Instability
The Nicaraguan Revolution and the recent unification have led to economic uncertainty.
Chaotic Army
The unification of multiple armies with different equipment and doctrines has led to chaos in the armed forces.
United in Faith
Creating a National Identity
Centralised Union
Watching the Population
Don't watch only the men, but the women and children too!
Extensive Spy Network
Every Man a Spy but no one avoids the police!
Loyal Military
Keeping the Opposition in Check
The opposition will not be able to challenge our power if they never gain much power.
Foreign Collaboration
Economic Control
Thanks to our economic government monopoly, we can control the opposition by blocking them from services.
World-Wide Exports
Central American products can be bought in Berlin, Moscow and Tokyo.
Large Scale Investments
The Trans-Central American Railway won't build itself.
Medium Scale Investments
$CENmil_large_investments_desc$
Small Scale Investments
$CENmil_large_investments_desc$
Investing in Industry
Made in Central America
Central American manufacturing products will rival those of Germany! ...one day.
Cheap Labour
Cheap Labour means more profits for the employer.
Support for the Farmers
Protecting Corporate Assets
Cash Crop Exportation
Cash crops such as bananas and coffee are bringing in large profits for the economy.
Agricultural Boom
Well placed government subsidies and corporate investments have led to a large agricultural output.
Agricultural Profits
Large corporate investments have led to major profits from agricultural exports.
European Inspired Doctrine
Standardised Equipment
Reorganised Chain of Command
Professional Army
Updating Our Arsenal
Autonomous Officers
Small Units Tactics
Extended Recruitment
Guerrilla Tactics
Powerful Military
United Air Command
Naval-Air Coordination
New Naval Direction
Trans-Central American Railway
From Guatemala City to San Salvador on a single train ticket!
From Guatemala City to Tegucigalpa on a single train ticket!
From Guatemala City to Managua on a single train ticket!
From Guatemala City to San José on a single train ticket!
From Guatemala City to the Panama Canal on a single train ticket!
Major General Strike
Major Rail Strike
Major Port Strike
Decisions of [CEN.GetLeader]
After the resounding victory of his party in the Military Congress of Central America, [CEN.GetLeader] is prepared to transform the Union into what he thinks it should look like. By manipulating foreign powers, the foreign investors and companies, and the population of Central America, the dream of a strong Central America under a strong leader is reachable.\n
Combat Corruption
Corruption is what destroys Central America. Without an honest, functioning administration that completes its tasks with a strong sense of duty, our Union will slowly but surely break up into the former, corrupt nations.
Install more Ubiquistas
The Ubiquistas is the name given to bureaucrats installed and loyal to our President Ubico, and we need more of them. Unlike the old guard bureaucrats, the Ubiquistas are incorruptible and have a very strong sense of duty and loyalty.
Public Works
Public works are a win-win for everyone involved: These large construction projects help reduce unemployment and create jobs for undereducated people, and at the same time the buildings are of a high prestige value and represent the greatness of our union.
Travel to communities of the Union
A President is doing a bad job of serving his people if he remains in the President's Palace all day long. By visiting all corners of the union, the people will see in Ubico a president who truly cares about them.
Travel throughout the entire Union
President Ubico plans to visit every city, every village and every farm in Central America on a month long trip as a massive PR stunt and to outdo any other president in the history of any nation of Central America.
Visit [FROM.GetNameDef]
Receive Backing from Major Nations
With the backing of the major nations of the world, no one can question our policies.
Block Enemies Economically
By controlling the means of production and transportation, we can refuse service to people disloyal towards the regime and force opposition members to kneel in front of us.
Put more Land under Somoza's control
By controlling the railways, we can make sure that no farmer hostile to the regime can transport his goods to the ports. By owning the land he manages, we can make sure no farmer is hostile to the regime in the first place.
Hand out Soft Loans
Soft loans represents a government or an organisation providing money for private development projects and the like for very small interests rates. No one can say we don't try to help our people.
Construct Affordable Housing
Vagrancy should be combatted by all means, as a homeless person cannot contribute to society. Affordable housing projects will help get poor people off the streets.
Reduce National Debt
We don't owe anything to any other nation and we have constructed every bit of prosperity and wealth in Central America on our own! We still actually do owe money to foreign nations, but not for long.
Combat Crime
Criminality needs to be eradicated from Central America, for crime doesn't create wealth or prosperity, it destroys it.
Economic Affairs
The economy of Central America is mostly built around the agricultural sector, controlled by foreign companies, most notably the United Fruit Company. In order to improve the state of the union and of its people, the economy needs to be prioritised. Investments, land grants and the like will improve the economic situation or help our government deal with the issues faced by the Union.\n
Dealing with the Major Strike
The major general strike has paralysed our union. While we could wait the strikers out, most land owners in Central America urge us to take action immediately.
Dealing with the Major Port Strike
The major port strikes has paralysed our union. While we could wait the strikers out, the export companies in Central America urge us to take action immediately
Dealing with the Major Rail Strike
The major rail strike has paralysed our union. While we could wait the strikers out, the rail companies in Central America urge us to take action immediately
Land Grants
Corporations produce large amounts of wealth and prosperity in Central America and create many vital jobs. In exchange for further political support, we should give more land to our corporate allies.
Promote Investments
Using beneficial deals, tax breaks and other tools, the government can urge foreign companies to invest more into the Central American economy.
Buy up Foreign Assets
Companies and investors are all good and beneficial, but every bit of land owned by them is a bit of land not owned by a Central American. Buying up foreign assets will strengthen our economic position.
Nationalise Foreign Assets
Our economy is in a chaotic state, which is just the right time to undergo a large scale nationalisation programme. While we will permanently alienate our corporate allies, it will strongly strengthen the government.
Infrastructural Projects
The infrastructure of Central America is poorly maintained and many regions remain inaccessible to heavier vehicles and transport. In order to revitalise the Central American economy, it must be a priority to build new railways and roads throughout the nation so that every city and village can be reached by truck and train.\n
Clarify the Status of the IRCA
The International Railways of Central America, IRCA for short, maintains a monopoly on rail transportation and track ownership in Guatemala and El Salvador. While some tracks are under government control, we need to clarify the status of those under IRCA ownership in order to start our railway expansion programmes.
Plan the Trans-Central American Railway
The Trans-Central American Railways is highly expensive and ambitious, and the project will need to pass through jungles and mountains in order to connect Guatemala City to the Panama Canal as planned.
Expand the tracks of the IRCA
The IRCA tracks are well suited for the fruit transportation needs of its parent company, the United Fruit Company, however they are unsuited for the demands of the Trans-Central American railway, which shall be built to European standards.
Continue the Railway to Tegucigalpa
Tegucigalpa is the first section target for the Trans-Central American Railway. This section will be very expensive per kilometre due to the hilly nature of the terrain, but reaching the city will show our will to connect north and south.
Continue the Railway to Managua
Managua is the second section target for the Trans-Central American Railway. Having to pass the former revolutionary Nicaraguan lands, the guarding forces are on high alert for any Syndicalist attacks and sabotage.
Continue the Railway to San José
San José is the third section target for the Trans-Central American Railway.
Continue the Railway to the Panama Canal
The Panama Canal is the last section target for the Trans-Central American Railway. The Canal is the largest and most important waterway in Central America and is a vital axis for Pacific and Atlantic trade.
Connect Belize to the Railway Grid
The former British colony of Belize is virtually inaccessible by land from our urban regions on the Pacific Coast, yet it is one of the most rebellious regions. A railway will permit vital troop transports to reach Belize quickly in case of a rebellion.
Expand the Railway along the Atlantic
The Atlantic regions of Central America are the least developed parts of the Republic, and as such lack proper infrastructure with large throughput capacities. A railway from Belize to Managua along the Atlantic Coast will fix this issue.
The Northern Central American Highway
As levels of prosperity increase in Central America, more and more people will be able to afford private cars, and as such we will need more roadways across the nation. A highway from Quetzaltenango to Managua will be the axis of our road system.
The Southern Central American Highway
The Central American Highway has become a vital infrastructural axis in the Northern parts of Central America, however the highway stops in Managua which limits its ability to be the main road axis of Central America. An extension to the Panama Canal is needed.
Foreign Policy
In the times of troubles that we find ourselves in, we can't remain un-aligned forever. While the world burns as Syndicalism destroys more and more nations, we must stay vigilant and gain the support of the anti-Syndicalist world powers. Our union shall not be irrelevant no more!
Request American Protection
The United States have been our natural ally for the last decades, helping us develop with American funding and know-how. As Syndicalism is spreading throughout the Americas, we will need their protection.
Join the Americans
The Status of Belize
The former British colony of Belize is now firmly under Central American control, however the West Indies Federation still claims the territory as theirs. If we don't solve this dispute, we will be unable to join the Entente or fully integrate Belize.
Request Entente Protection
The remnants of the British Empire might not be as strong as before the Weltkrieg, however their strong navies and air forces can nonetheless protect us from the tentacles of Syndicalism.
Join the Entente
Request German Protection
The German Empire has become the hegemon in Europe and is fighting in the first line against the Syndicalist disease. In their struggle against Syndicalism, they will protect their allies dearly.
Join the Reichspakt
Foreign Equipment Purchases
Buy Foreign Guns
Our army is underequipped and is still using outdated guns. As our industrial base is little, we'll need to rely on imports in order to gain modern, reliable weapons.
Buy Foreign Heavy Guns
Heavy guns such as artillery pieces are not as easy to produce as infantry weapons, and as our heavy industry is still in its infancy, we will need to rely on foreign imports.
Buy Foreign Armour
Already at the Somme, the tank has proven that it will become a vital asset in the war of the future. While expensive, importing modern tanks will help us defend our people.
Buy Foreign Aircraft
The aircraft has revolutionised warfare, as we can now attack not only from the ground and the sea, but from the air too. We need modern aircraft for our newly formed air force.
Restoring the Old Union
In the past century, there have been many attempts at uniting Central America under a single flag, however they have all failed after a few years.\nOur new union will not follow the same faith! We shall do right what our ancestors did wrong, and our union shall stretch from the Mexican border to the Colombian, like it should be!
Integrate Belize
The former British colony of Belize has resisted our attempts of integration so far. However, as the West Indies Federation now recognises that it can't recapture their colony, the people of Belize have no choice but to surrender to our administration.
Reintegrate Eastern Nicaragua
The Eastern provinces of Nicaragua have resisted our attempts of introducing conscription into the area. Due to the chaos in the aftermath of the end of the American occupation and the following Nicaraguan revolution, the region is still not under our full administrative control.
Reorganise Costa Rica
Costa Rica has proclaimed itself as a beacon of democracy, but it has fallen victim to the Syndicalist menace. We need to free it from itself.
Seize Panama
Unlike the other Central American nations, Panama has abandoned their true identity and has fallen victim to Colombian imperialism and selfish nationalism. We need to seize them for their own good.
Foreign Collaboration
Renounced Claims
Renounced Claims
Visit by President Somoza
§CDuring this focus, the military congress will debate the future of the union, choose ministers, policies, and the first president.§!\n
If the §PPLP§! is leading us:
If the §nPNPP§! is leading us:
We will focus our diplomatic efforts for a while, blocking other initiatives.
§YDue to our Interventionist policies, we will need to invest part of the government budget.§!\n
§RYou may only receive guarantees from one major power, choose who you align with wisely.§!\n
§RYou may only visit one major power.§!\n
The influence of foreign companies is not below §Y20%§!.\n
The influence of foreign companies is not above §Y90%§!.\n
§GWe will be able to claim most of the income of the railways, making them more profitable for the government.§!\n
Once we control the territory in question, we will receive an event to continue the railway.
The New Union
Ever since the Federal Republic of Central America collapsed in 1843, there has been no successful attempt at reuniting Central America under a single flag.\n\nGuided by the armed forces of the various nations of Central America, our new Union shall not follow the same path as the attempts during the last century. As the Nicaraguan Revolution has finally come to an end and as the borders between our nations disappear, our Union shall remain a bastion of freedom and liberty, under guidance of the strongmen of the military.\n\nWe, as a union of nations, shall stand united against Syndicalism and everything that threatens our way of life.
Long live the Republic!
Opening of the Military Congress
With Central America reorganised and unified, it is now time to choose a new regime to lead us into the future! For this purpose, the militaries of the former Central American states have met for a first session today in the President's Palace in Guatemala City. The Military Congress of Central America will be tasked with writing a new constitution for our Union as well as select ministers and a new President.
Long Live the Republic!
The Economy of Central America
Ever since the first American businessmen landed in Costa Rica, the United Fruit Company and many other foreign companies and investors have controlled our economies. However, with the revolution in Nicaragua and the political chaos that reigned in the Northern nations, the economy has been severely damaged and is strongly weakened. Now that the revolution has been suppressed and that the political situation has stabilised, the Congress needs to decide on an unified economic plan and a head minister in charge of the reforms.\nBoth supporters of laissez-faire capitalism, the PLN has suggested Juan Manuel Gálvez and the PLP has suggested Aldana Sandoval to this position
$central_america_dictatorship_events.4.d_shared$, while the PNPP has suggested the interventionist Joaquín Valdéz.
$central_america_dictatorship_events.4.d_shared$.
Juan Manuel Gálvez' Laissez-Faire Policies.
Aldana Sandoval's Laissez-Faire Policies.
Joaquín Valdéz' Interventionism.
A New Foreign Minister
As a newly formed nation, our Republic will need to quickly align itself on the world stage. While we will remain with our old allies in the United States and in the anti-Syndicalists factions, we must quickly take action to establish favourable deals. As the foreign ministry holds large power due to how influential foreign powers are in our nation, the factions are fighting hard to get the position.\nAbraham Williams Calderón is the PLN's candidate,
$central_america_dictatorship_events.5.d_shared$ Juan Federico Ponce Vaides that of the PLP and Salvador Peña Trejo is running for the PNPP.
$central_america_dictatorship_events.5.d_shared$ and Juan Federico Ponce Vaides is running for the PLP.
Abraham Williams Calderón.
Juan Federico Ponce Vaides.
Salvador Peña Trejo.
A New Head for the Interior Ministry
Despite the major internal threats and problems that the young Republic has to face at the moment, we still don't possess an organised, centralised institute that defends our way of life. As we can't rely on the unorganised police forces of the former nations to handle things forever, we need to reform our interior ministry. The ministry will need a head to run the show, and such an influential position is highly wanted.\nCarlos Hartling runs for the PLN,
$central_america_dictatorship_events.6.d_shared$ Francisco Javier Arana is the PLP's candidate, and the PNPP has brought forth Fidel Cristino Garay.
$central_america_dictatorship_events.6.d_shared$ and the PLP has brought forth Francisco Javier Arana.
Carlos Hartling.
Francisco Javier Arana.
Fidel Cristino Garay.
Somoza's Speech
Anastasio Somoza García, leader of the Partido Liberal Nacionalista, the moderate faction of the military congress, has taken to the balcony of the President's Palace of Guatemala to hold a speech in front of a large crowd. As many military men have feared, he wishes to use the fact that his faction is the most moderate to convince the population of his cause, even though he doesn't actively practice what he preaches.\n\nDespite the warnings and threats made by the more radical PLP and PNPP, the speech has also been transmitted via radio.\n\n'People of Guatemala, people of El Salvador, people of Honduras, people of Nicaragua, now we are all people of the Central American Republic. Syndicalists have tried to oppress us, but no more! Our nation is now free of the Syndicalist menace, thanks to the efforts of every single Central American patriot. Now that the holy task has been completed, your voice should be heard, and will be heard!'\n\nOn the next meeting, the military congress was so angry at Somoza that multiple congressmen took to the podium and screamed that Somoza should be court-martialled for high treason.
Maybe his ideas aren't that wrong...
Somoza needs to be court-martialled indeed!
Reforming the Army
The military has been the driving force behind the unification of Central America, but to spell it in singular is quite wrong. Due to the differences between the former nations of Central America, our army is currently a chaotic mix and depending on what nationality you have, you follow different military doctrines and use different equipment. The army currently has no less than 5 different modifications of the Mauser rifle in use!\n
$central_america_dictatorship_events.8.d_shared$The PLN and the PNPP have both presented plans to regularise and professionalise the armed forces, meanwhile the PLP has suggested a major militarisation policy to expand the army as much as possible to defend the union.
$central_america_dictatorship_events.8.d_shared$The PLN has presented plans to regularise and professionalise the armed forces, meanwhile the PLP has suggested a major militarisation policy to expand the army as much as possible to defend the union.
Somoza's Professionalisation Reforms.
Ubico's Militarisation Reforms.
Martínez' Reforms of Discipline.
Martínez's Speech
Maximiliano Hernández Martínez, the leader of the Partido Nacional Pro-Patria, the most radical faction in the congress, has reserved an hour of speech time in front of the congress. Known for his immense hate for Syndicalists and opponents in general, he is most (in)famous for his actions in the 1932 peasant uprising.\n\n'Dear Congressmen, dear men who have led us to victory against the godless Syndicalist, the crusade against Syndicalism is not over! Our Mexican neighbours suffer from an extensive case of Syndicalism, and our neighbours to the south are being tempted into the hands of the Internationale. As a beacon of liberty and prosperity, the Central American Republic needs a powerful, strong and unifying leader to lead us in the eternal struggle against the godless traitors! Our men will fight in the jungle, in the hills, in the mountains and in the cities, and we will never surrender to those who wish the foundations of society destroyed!'
Martínez will lead us to victory!
Martínez will lead us to ruins...
Jorge Ubico holds a Patriotic Speech
'Central America has been often seen as backwards by the outside world. Our roads have been described as lethal, our nations as corrupt and violent, and our economies as inefficient and underdeveloped.\nNo longer, the glorious Union shall prove to the world that Central America is the land of the brave, strong and innovative! No longer will we suffer under the traitorous Syndicalist regimes, no longer will we suffer from corrupt officials, no longer will we suffer under division!\nWe need a strong, powerful regime, with a strong powerful leader, to finally reach the future, so to every congressman, to every citizen of the Union, to everyone I say, I will bring prosperity to our glorious Union! Only the brave and strong will achieve greatness, only those with willpower will go down in history, only those who lead their nation to glory will be remembered forever!\n\nThe Central American Republic shall march towards civilisation! Long live the Union and long live every Central American citizen!'
Maximiliano Hernández Martínez's speech has left quite an impression on the members of the congress, however not everyone was happy with his terms and conditions. Jorge Ubico, the leader of the Partido Liberal Progresista, has written his own speech to counter Martínez's, and has presented it in front of the congress, while also transmitting it to the entire Union via radio.\n\n$central_america_dictatorship_events.10.d_shared$
Jorge Ubico, the leader of the Partido Liberal Progresista, has written a highly patriotic speech, hoping to convince the people for his own cause, and has presented it in front of the congress, while also transmitting it to the entire Union via radio.\n\n$central_america_dictatorship_events.10.d_shared$
Jorge Ubico will solve the problems that plague our Union!
Napoleon failed in the end, and Ubico seems to be going the same route...
Voting Commences
For multiple weeks the Military Congress of Central America has been meeting in Guatemala City to discuss and decide the future of the Union. Speeches, arguments, disputes and bribery have been commonplace in order to convince (or force) congressmen to join and vote for one of the factions, and the three strongmen who lead them respectively have been doing their best to secure as many votes as possible. The last meeting of the congress will be held in a few days, and it will decide the future of the Union as the new president will be elected to lead.
Exciting!
Presidential Elections - PLN Victory
Presidential Elections - PLP Victory
Presidential Elections - PNPP Victory
Presidential Elections - Draw
The last meeting of the Military Congress of Central America has been called to an end today. For hours, congressmen have cast their votes, bets have been concluded and bribes have been exchanged. The voting has ended after multiple long and exhausting hours, and more painful hours have followed as the votes have been counted by independent military men.\nIn the end,
$central_america_dictatorship_events.12.d_shared$ Somoza García has been able to get a majority of the votes in the first turn, rendering him the first president of the Central American Republic.
$central_america_dictatorship_events.12.d_shared$ Jorge Ubico has been able to get a majority of the votes in the first turn, rendering him the first president of the Central American Republic.
$central_america_dictatorship_events.12.d_shared$ Maximiliano Hernández Martínez has been able to get a majority of the votes in the first turn, rendering him the first president of the Central American Republic.
$central_america_dictatorship_events.12.d_shared$ no candidate has been able to get a majority, meaning that the various factions will have to form a coalition government to rule the Central American Republic.
Long live President Somoza García!
Long live President Jorge Ubico!
Long live President Maximiliano Hernández Martínez!
A coalition is formed under Somoza García.
A coalition is formed under Jorge Ubico.
A coalition is formed under Maximiliano Hernández Martínez.
Dealing with the Other Military Factions
An One-Party State, as the name implies, has to be dominated and controlled by a single party. It will be an easy task to get rid of the democratic and syndicalist opposition, however the other military factions will not surrender. Now that we have been victorious in the Congress, we will need to get rid of our opponents...
Destroy them.
The military sticks together!
Military Rivalries Appear
It seems as that our move to destroy opposition inside the military has left it disorganised and split. Despite careful planning, many brigades have declared their loyalty to their former commanders before the unification has been completed.
Dismiss the disloyal brigades.
Dedicate More Manpower to the Police?
With the passing of the new, harsher laws, we're now finding ourselves with a dismal lack of police officers to enforce them. While we could draw from our Army's manpower pool to resolve this issue, it may just fan the flames of civilian discontent who may see this as a militarisation of the police.
Yes, Dedicate More Manpower
No, We Don't Need to Anger the Public Further
The Civilian Puppet State
The PLN has been victorious in the congress thanks to the major support from the population, however now they expect us to fulfil our promises. Betraying them would risk an open rebellion, however Somoza has never actually planned to hand over any power to the civilian population. In order to avoid a second revolution, a civilian state has to be created, while being controlled by the military. However, in order to achieve legitimacy, how much are we willing to negotiate with the civilian politicians?
Lift the ban on opposition parties but only approve loyal politicians.
Permit some civilian opposition but only led be controllable politicians.
Solidify our power with bribes and threats!
Presidential Elections
The people do not seem satisfied by the liberties and freedoms we have given to them, as they are demonstrating in favour of new elections. However, unlike the congress election, the people want to vote themselves and decide their own president. Those demands are quite crazy, but we shouldn't risk a second revolution.\n\nAfter countless hours of voting and waiting, the election bureaus have finally closed their doors and the votes have been revealed to the election commission. There has been no reported incidents of bribery or election rigging... at least none that the military would permit to be reported.
The winner is Somoza García!
The PLN has received an absolute majority!
Somoza García has secured a second term!
Denunciation of the Elections
The streets of Central America have been filled with protestors and traitors who believe that the president election has been rigged in favour of the Somoza García and the PLN!
Nonsense...
Ubico's Inauguration
The Partido Liberal Progresista under the leadership of General Jorge Ubico Castañeda has solidified their position in charge of the Central American Republic.\n\nUbico, now the first president of the Union, has been forced to combat Syndicalist revolutionaries, democratic agitators and traitors in the military, however he has proven his adamancy and his incorruptibility during the times of troubles that now lie behind us. Jorge Ubico, who has often referred to himself as the Napoleon of Central America, has proven to the citizens of Central America that he is ready to 'march towards civilisation', as he had promised during his most famous radio transmission. Crowds have gathered today in Guatemala City for the inauguration of Jorge Ubico, and throughout the Union, the same sentence could be heard...
Long Live Jorge Ubico, Long Live the Republic!
Jorge Ubico Travels the Union
As a true president of the people, Jorge Ubico has announced today that he will be travelling across Central America, visiting every larger and smaller city as well as the beautiful country sides of the Union. He will be crossing the Union by car and plane, in order to be able to meet as many citizens of the Republic and to so that he can see every corner of our beautiful union. He will be leaving today for Quetzaltenango, after which he will continue to the disputed region of Belize. Along his route, which has been published in all major newspapers of the Union, crowds of cheerful and loyal citizens have gathered in order to see and meet the president personally.
Onwards!
Jorge Ubico Arrives in Belize
On the second destination of his tour of the Republic, Jorge Ubico has arrived in Belize City.\n\nBelize, a former British colony under control of Guatemala and later the Central American Republic since the collapse of the British Empire, has remain a claim of the West Indies Federation, despite being no longer under British control for almost two decades. Jorge Ubico's visit, which was greeted with a flood of Republican flags, proves that the people of Belize truly feel as a part of the Union, and not part of the rotten federation across the sea.\n\nThe next destination is the Honduran border city of San Pedro Sula, which now is the main Atlantic port of Central America.
Ubico truly unites our Republic.
Jorge Ubico Crosses the Honduran Country Side
Honduras, the former bastion against the Syndicalist traitors of Nicaragua, has suffered under the status of frontier against an hostile force. The country side is the home to much of the poor population of Honduras, who can just keep themselves over water with the little they have. Jorge Ubico, who is currently travelling from San Pedro Sula towards Matagalpa, Nicaragua, has taken a major detour to visit as much of rural Honduras as possible. No matter where he arrives, the commonly illiterate citizens greet him with the utmost respect and hospitality, waving the Republican flag along his route. Jorge Ubico has promised to aid every man, woman and child of Central America, no matter their social class or rank, and has kept his promise along the way. By listening to the needs and demands of the common man, Ubico has gained much popularity in the country side, which will aid him in his 'march towards civilisation'.
How could anyone not support Ubico?
Syndicalist Traitors Attack Ubico!
On route towards Managua, the capital of Nicaragua, a group of Syndicalist traitors and terrorists have attempted to ambush Ubico, and end the life of our great president!\n\nLuckily, the Syndicalists, just like their ideology, were not smart enough to cover up their plans, and have been discovered by brave loyalists! As the group of traitors was preparing to ambush the president's car using multiple French rifles, loyalist police forces have overwhelmed and arrested the terrorists. Jorge Ubico and his companions have not been present during the combat between the loyalists and traitors, and as such have not been hurt.\n\nDespite the risks that Ubico has taken, travelling in an open top car through the homeland of Central American Syndicalism, no threatening attacks have happened so far.
Good Riddance.
Jorge Ubico Crosses El Salvador by Train
The railway, the symbol of the industrialisation and of westernisation, only passes through limited parts of Central America. One of the largest tracks are located in El Salvador, connecting the ports of Acajutla and Cutuco and passing through San Salvador and San Miguel. Today, a special train has carried Jorge Ubico from San Miguel to the Salvadoran capital. Stopping in Usulutan, Zacatecoluga, San Vincente and other stations along the railway, at each point has he been greeted by cheerful crowds and the Republican flag. Upon his arrival in San Salvador, he announced that he will be providing more funding and incentives for a Trans-Central American railway, which will also be open for civilian transportation.
The railway will be a cornerstone of the March Towards Civilisation.
Jorge Ubico Is Back in Guatemala City
After more than a month of touring Central America, visiting all corners of the Union and all social classes, Jorge Ubico has arrived in Guatemala City. The tour has proven to be a genius marketing stunt, and Jorge Ubico's popularity has increased drastically throughout all regions of the Union. In front of the presidential palace, a massive crowd has greeted Jorge Ubico, who later made a radio broadcasted speech. During the tour, Ubico has promised many reforms, and the people are convinced that he will go through with all of them.
Welcome Back!
Jorge Ubico's Statue is Completed
President Jorge Ubico, the hero of the Guatemalan Civil War, the saviour Central America from the Syndicalist traitors, will now forever watch the President's Palace.\n\nThe construction of his statue, which dominates the plaza in front of the palace, has been started when the Guatemalan flag was still on top of the palace's flag pole, when Central America was still divided due to the Syndicalist traitors.\n\nHowever now, the beautiful flag of the united Republic is guarding the entrance of the palace, all thanks to our hero, Jorge Ubico. The inauguration, on this beautiful day of June, has been declared a holiday so that all workers, students and intellectuals of Central America have the possibility of honouring our great leader.\n\nThe crowds which have gathered to see the statue are estimated at more than twenty thousand brave citizens, and the Republican flag is waving in every street of Guatemala City on this blessed day.
An impressive statue for an impressive leader.
The Central American Republic Asks for Protection
The Central American Republic has put forth a request to our nation to protect it from their enemies who threaten the integrity and survival of the Republic. Accepting their request would ultimately lead to them joining our faction, however committing ourselves to their defence could upset the already fragile balance of power of the region.
Guarantee their Independence.
Where is Central America again?
The Central American Republic Asks to Join Our Faction
The Central American Republic has put forth a request to join our military faction. While we could receive an additional ally who could potentially control the Panama Canal in the future, the balance of power of the region could be destroyed through such a move.
Accept their demand.
Central America is by Brazil, right?
The Status of Belize
Occupied during the British Revolution of 1925, British Honduras, or as it is now known as Belize, has been part of Guatemala ever since. Now that Guatemala has evolved into the Central American Republic, Belize remains a part of our nation. However, the British, better said the West Indies Federation, still claim Belize as a rightful part of their nation, which renders the full integration of Belize impossible. Our only possibility to set up ties with the Entente is to return the land, but this would severely hurt our international prestige. Keeping will however forever lock us from the Entente.
Return Belize.
Offer a Deal to the Federation.
Central America Demands That We Revoke Our Belizean Claim
The Central American government has sent us a deal concerning the former colony of Belize. They demand that we renounce our claim on Belize and recognise its ownership by Central America, and in exchange our two nations will sign favourable trade deals to revive business ties.
Accept the deal.
Crazy and unacceptable terms!
The Federation Has Refused Our Terms!
The West Indies Federation have refused to revoke their claim on Belize and have called our terms crazy and unacceptable!
Back off and maintain the Status-Quo.
Place an Embargo on the Federation!
Central America Embargoes Us!
Angry about our adamant position concerning the status of Belize, the Central American government has placed an embargo against us! They have promised to improve trade ties, but now they have made the opposite. While this will hurt both of our economies, giving in now would be a political humiliation.
We will have to accept their terms.
What is there even to trade with Central America?
The Federation Has Cut All Ties With Us!
The West Indies Federation has ignored our warnings, and is now ignoring our embargo! It seems like the dispute over Belize will never end...
Maintain the embargo.
The Federation Has Revoked Their Claim!
The West Indies Federation has finally accepted to revoke their claims on Belize, which will open the path for its full integration.
Great!
Our Request Has Been Accepted
We have secured the guarantee we have requested and now are protected from the enemies of the Republic.
Great!
Our Request Has Been Denied
We have failed to secure the guarantee we have requested and now remain alone against the enemies of the Republic.
Disappointing.
We have been formally accepted into the faction and can now participate in the international crusade against Syndicalism!
We have not been accepted into the faction, but we will continue our struggle against Syndicalism on our own.
The Status of the IRCA
The International Railways of Central America, short IRCA, has held the monopoly on rail transportation and the ownership of most railway tracks in Central America since 1912. The IRCA, now part of the United Fruit Company, will be a major partner or obstacle in our quest to lay the railway from Guatemala to Panama. Previous Guatemalan administrations have signed various deals with the IRCA, and it is now up to us if we respect these signatures or break the deals in favour of a state-controlled railway.
Grant them a monopoly as long as they follow our orders.
Respect the previous deals.
Nationalise the IRCA.
The Planning of the Railway
Building a railway across the harsh terrain of Central America is not an easy task, and a proper railway suited for all kinds of transportation needs will be very expensive. As the Trans-Central American railway is a major prestige project for the government, some advocate that the government takes over the entire cost of the railway. While very costly, that would also guarantee state control of the rails. At the same time, foreign investors are also interested in the construction of the railway and could take over part of the costs.
Let the investors handle the costs.
Take over parts of the bill.
Fund the project only with government money.
Lack of Funding for the Next Rail Section
While the expansion of the already existing IRCA tracks was relatively cheap, the extension towards Tegucigalpa has proven to be very costly. The budget planned for this section has already been exceeded and the railway is still a long distance from the Honduran city. The hilly terrain has caused major delays, and now the construction organisers are asking for additional funding.
Let our corporate partners pay.
Increase our funding.
Passing Through Syndicalist Land
The next section of the Trans-Central American railway will be passing through Nicaragua, which still hasn't fully recovered from the Syndicalist revolution. The construction organisers have made their fears clear over potential Syndicalist sabotage and attacks, and have asked for additional manpower from the army to guard the construction sites.
What could possibly go wrong.
Increase the manpower of the guarding forces.
Syndicalist Attack on the Railway
Syndicalist partisans have kidnapped multiple construction planners who have been sent out to plan the railway section passing through the hills near the city of León, and have demanded an important ransom for their release. In order to get our men back, we were forced to pay the ransom, and the Syndicalists are most likely using the money to buy up equipment for future operations.
So this is what could go wrong?
Passing Into Costa Rica
Despite Syndicalist harassment, the Trans-Central American railway has reached Managua in time. The next section of the railway however will be passing through Costa Rican land, so we will either need to ask their government for permission of the construction, which they will most likely refuse, or wait until we have finally captured Costa Rica.
Despite Syndicalist harassment, the Trans-Central American railway has reached Managua in time. The next section of the railway will be passing into the recently pacified Costa Rica, where we expect minor resistance to the construction.
Next year in San José.
Next year in San José, with permission.
Next year in San José, once it is part of the Union.
We have reached our destination: Managua.
Central America Asks for Permission for a Railway Project
The Central American government has asked us for permission to construct the section of the Trans-Central American railway passing through Costa Rica. The railway, once finished, will increase cross-border trade with the rest of Central America, however large parts of the government fear that the railway will not be used for trade, but to integrate us into Central America once the time is right.
Grant them permission.
Refuse.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Has Given Permission!
The Costa Rican government has granted us permission to continue the Trans-Central American railway to San José
Next year in San José!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused
The Costa Rican government has refused to give us permission to continue the Trans-Central American railway to San José
Next year in San José, once it is part of the Union.
Declare Managua the end station.
Going to the Canal
$central_america_dictatorship_events.229.d.panama.no.exists$ However, we will need the permission of the Panamanian government to construct the railway.
As San José now lies connected to the rest of Central America, the last section of the Trans-Central American railway is in planning. The Panama Canal is the single most important sea way in the Americas and connects the Pacific with the Caribbean Sea, but it also separates the major urban regions of Panama from the rest of Central America. The last section will connect San José, passing through David, with the western bank of the Canal.
Next year at the Canal.
Next year at the Canal, with permission.
Next year at the Canal, once it is part of the Union.
The Central American government has asked us for permission to construct the final section of the Trans-Central American railway, which would connect San José with the western bank of the Panama Canal. While this would improve the infrastructure of western Panama, large parts of the government fear that the railway will be used for military purposes in order to integrate us into the Central American Republic.
The Panamanian government has granted us permission to construct the last section of the Trans-Central American railway
Next Year on the Canal!
The Panamanian government has refused to grant us permission to construct the last section of the Trans-Central American railway
Next Year at the Canal, once it is part of the Union.
Declare San José the end station.
Costa Rica Is Ours Now!
As Costa Rica is finally part of the Central American Republic, we can continue the Trans-Central American railway to San José.
Next Year in San José.
It isn't worth it.
Panama Is Ours Now!
As Panama is finally part of the Central American Republic, we can construct the last section of the Trans-Central American railway.
Next Year at the Canal.
It isn't worth it.
Major Strike!
Unhappy with their current salaries and work conditions, many plantation workers in Central America have joined a major strike. Their demands are crazy things like salaries which they can live on and less brutality by the land owners.
Darn Syndicalists.
Dealing with the Major Strike
As the strikers hurt both our economy and our business relations, the congress has decided to stop waiting for them to stop striking, but to intervene. By sending in either the army or the police, we will satisfy the land owners but there might be casualties. Agreeing to their demands will be humiliating but will hurt the foreigners more than us.
Send in the Army.
Send in the Police.
Accept their Demands.
Major Port Strike!
Unhappy with their current work conditions and salaries, many workers of the various ports of our nation have risen up in a strike. Their demands are even more crazy than the previous strikers, as they demand, in addition to improved salaries and work conditions, paid healthcare in case of work injuries.
Darn Syndicalists.
Dealing with the Major Port Strike
As the strikers hurt both our economy and our business relations, the congress has decided to stop waiting for them to stop striking, but to intervene. By sending in either the army or the police, we will satisfy the export companies but there might be casualties. Agreeing to their demands will be humiliating but will hurt the foreigners more than us.
Send in the Army.
Send in the Police.
Accept their Demands.
Major Rail Strike!
Unhappy with their current work conditions and salaries, many workers of the various railways of our nation have risen up in a strike. Their demands are even more crazy than the previous strikers, as they demand, in addition to improved salaries, work conditions and paid healthcare in case of work injuries, improved housing at the construction sites instead of simple tents permeable to rain.
Darn Syndicalists.
Dealing with the Major Rail Strike
As the strikers hurt both our economy and our business relations, the congress has decided to stop waiting for them to stop striking, but to intervene. By sending in either the army or the police, we will satisfy the rail companies but there might be casualties. Agreeing to their demands will be humiliating but will hurt the foreigners more than us.
Send in the Army.
Send in the Police.
Accept their Demands.
The Railways Are Being Strongly Used
The newly constructed railway tracks are being strongly used by both freight and passenger trains. Thanks to our partial ownership of the tracks, we will start to receive money from usage fees.
Great!
The Railways Are Bringing in Profits
The railways are finally bringing in profits through the usage fees, so we will be soon able to maintain them using the profits, if nothing comes in-between us and the money.
Great!
Major Corruption Scandal
Despite the profits the railways have been producing, little of the actual money has arrived in the government treasury as government officials overseeing the railway budget have been involved in a major corruption scandal. Enriching themselves and their corporate partners, they have stolen much of the profits. While this isn't the first scandal of this kind, it has been the largest.
Not so great...
The Railways Are Paying for Themselves
The railways are finally brining in enough money to pay for themselves.
Great!
Central American Troops Are Amassing on the Border
Recon squads have reported a rather large amount of Central American troops along our border. It is clear to the military that Central America is planning on attacking us in order to force us into the Union. As this information has been published in the newspapers, many patriotic men have signed up to defend the nation, but the independence of Costa Rica lies in grave danger.
We shall defend our homeland, no matter what the cost may be!
Central American Ships Spotted by David
The Coast Guard has reported strange Central American naval movements around Panama recently, and the general activity of the FNCA has increased in a scary fashion. It is clear to the military that Central America is planning on invading Panama in order to incorporate us into the Union.
We shall defend our homeland, no matter what the cost may be!
Military Congress
Finally, after multiple decades of conflicts, infighting and rivalries, Central America is once again unified under the banner of the united armies of Central America. However, as would happen whenever multiple countries form a union, a new government for our new union has to be elected. We will gather representatives from the various armed forces of Central America to elect the first president.
Military State
Maximiliano Hernández Martínez and his Partido Nacional Pro-Patria have been victorious in the Military Congress of Central America and are quickly consolidating their power over the union. The most radical military faction, Martínez' rule over El Salvador has already proven that he will transform the union into a powerful, centralised military state with no tolerance for opposition.
A Catholic Union
Many things divide the people of Central America; Nationalities like Honduran have already severely hurt the ideal of a Central American identity, and the Spanish language has not been able to mend the rifts that have formed along the national borders. However, what is shared by all Central Americans is their religion: Catholicism.
Speak Spanish!
Besides the Catholic faith, the nations of Central America share a common language: Spanish. However, much of the native population can't speak Spanish, and many outright refuse to learn it. We cannot allow dissidents from government policies, even on the level of language.
Eradicate Syndicalism
'Syndicalism is the cancer of the 20th century', at least that is what the most radical members of the regime say. While it doesn't matter to what disease one compares Syndicalism, it is our god-wanted duty to eradicate Syndicalism from Central America, as Syndicalism has destroyed the integrity of our nations.
Tighter Border Controls
A major problem that the Guatemalan government had to face during the last decades was Mexican cross-border banditry, which would raid Guatemalan regions for their own gain. By enacting tight border controls with military patrols, we will be able to destroy those illegal activities, while also making sure that nothing enters Central America that isn't supposed to enter it.
A Centralised Union
The last century has shown that national divisions and borders between the various Central American countries has damaged the integrity of our region and has permitted for radical groups as Sandino's syndicalists to take over individual states. Power must be centralised with the central government, and no one expect the president shall have any power in our union.
Lasting Regime
Power is centralised in Guatemala City, nothing enters Central America without government permission, opposition to the regime has been utterly destroyed and our people are united by faith and language. Nothing short of God's personal intervention will topple Martínez's military regime.
Military Centralism
The Military Congress of Central America has given Jorge Ubico Castañeda and his Partido Liberal Progresista the ticket to rule the newly established Central American Republic. With the ambitious slogan 'Our March Towards Civilisation', Jorge Ubico has promised to Central America to reform it into a prosperous state.
Watch the Population
The Nicaraguan Revolution has proven that not every man in Central America is to be trusted. No one can be sure that their neighbours aren't Syndicalist terrorists, and in order to prevent any Syndicalist insurgence, we shall watch the entire population on their every step. No one will be unseen, no sentence not heard and no action unrecorded.
Spy Networks
Denunciation by the neighbours can be a very powerful tool to make sure that no man is betraying Central America, but we need professional spies and agents to make sure that not even the most organised Syndicalist terrorist group can remain in the shadow.
Militarise the Union
We cannot trust teachers, telegraphers, post officers and other vital jobs to be done by civilians not affiliated with the government. Syndicalist intrusion can damage our services extensively, therefore we need to replace the jobs in danger with real military men who are loyal to the regime and have a strong sense of duty.
Replace Bureaucrats
The bureaucracy would be the most damaged by Syndicalist intrusion, yet we have left many of the bureaucrats of the previous nations keep their jobs in the administration of the union. An extensive replacement programme needs to render the administration a loyal and devoted tool of the government, else we will be couped using the small written text on random bureaucratic papers.
Loyal Military
The military is not simply there to defend a nation from their enemies. The military is a powerful political tool that can be used to gain power in any matter and office of state and can be used to destroy internal threats and dissidence. We must keep the military loyal under all circumstances, for they guarantee the existence of our state.
Political Domination
The military under the leadership of President Jorge Ubico Castañeda has the full monopoly on every state power, and nothing short of a military coup, which can't happen thanks to the military's loyalty, can dethrone the Napoleon of Central America.
One Party State
Too much opposition leaves a regime unstable and unable to perform its duties. Even a tiny amount of opposition still requires attention from the regime that could be more useful elsewhere. A One-Party State guarantees that the regime gets to focus entirely on running the nation.
Abolish The Congress
The military congress has done its duty and it is now yet another source of opposition. It is in the interest of the nation that the congress is formally abolished and that all the power it still had is turned over to the governing party. While we won't purge our fellow officers and soldiers, only we will have power now.
Destroy the Opposition
The opposition is an useless way to reduce the power of a regime by distracting it from the important subjects of governance and administration. We don't need an opposition to tell us that we're doing this or that wrong; We do nothing wrong, they just think wrongly.
Military Control
Anastasio Somoza García and his Partido Liberal Nacionalista have won the congress election and now run the nation. The military has destroyed Syndicalism in Central America and the military has opened the path to unification, therefore the military has the right to rule, but an outright dictatorship is bad for the reputation of the state.
Puppet Civilian State
A military dictatorship is more of a derogatory term than an objective one. No, Central America is not a military dictatorship, it's a full-fledged democracy, just with Central American characteristics. We just remove the 'demo' and replace it with 'strato'.
Permit Elections
The people demand elections; the people demand to vote... We have no choice but to accept, but on our terms. The truth is, the election has been rigged from the start.
Keep the Opposition in Check
The opposition is a natural, yet annoying part of any nation. Some people will always find a way to disagree with the government, even if the latter has protected the entire region from the tentacles of Syndicalism and even if the latter has defended the freedom and liberty of its citizen in face of the dangers of dictatorship.
Foreign Collaboration
It is in the interest of the nation that we maintain close relations with the major powers of the world and that we collaborate with the strong nations around us. It would be foolish to isolate ourselves, surrounded by Syndicalists in the north and proto-Syndicalists in the south.
Empower Companies
We should not only collaborate with the major powers of the world, but also with the major companies of the world. The United Fruit Company, the prime success story, has brought modern railways, roads, radio installations and many other things to Central America, as well as a lot of money into the wallets of Somoza García's family and friends.
Edit the Constitution
The constitution is a sacred document that is to be protected at all times, but the content of the constitution doesn't deserve the same protection. If a law doesn't fit us, we just remove it. If we find that something is missing, we just add it. Nothing is easier than editing the constitution if you hold all the power.
Limit Rights
Rights are not always the right approach to guarantee freedom. Our citizens might have the right to hold their opinions, but this ends up creating Syndicalists who fight freedom. In order to protect the freedom and liberty of our people, we need to limit the rights that threaten it.
Economic Control
By controlling the entire economy of Central America, we can make sure that its profits and products will be used for the right things, such as making Somoza García's family members even richer. We will also be able to block off for example farmers, who are hostile towards our government policies, from bringing their goods to a port using government-owned transport systems.
National Monopoly
The Partido Liberal Nacionalista controls the state, it controls the economy, it controls the media, it controls every aspect of Central America. We have slowly and quietly purged the opposition, and no one stands between us and full power.
Interventionism
We cannot rely on the companies and investors only to fix the economic issues that the Republic is facing. The government needs to intervene in the economic process to create new opportunities and to improve the industry and infrastructure of our nation.
Laissez-Faire
The government is inherently inefficient in matters of economics, and as such we should hand over the job of fixing the economy to the businessmen and investors who have major experience in this sector. The government should only provide safety and inspire confidence in our economy.
Infrastructure Fund
Central America is missing major roads and railway networks. By rail, you can only get from Guatemala City to San Salvador, and even then, the existing tracks are mostly used by American businesses for freight transportation needs. Many villages and regions of Central America don't even have road connections which can be used by heavy transports. This needs to change!
Expanding our Ports
The main economic sector of Central America remains the exportation of agricultural products. In order to increase our export capacities and as such the profits, we need to expand our ports to permit for large cargo ships to lay anchor there. Those ports could also come in handy for the ARCA.
The World Market
Our agricultural sector is not seizing to grow, and our exports have reached record values. With access to the entire world market, our farmers will be able to sell produce to the markets of Sofia and [202.GetName], to Tokyo and Sydney, with large profits.
Roads and Rails
Our economy is growing rapidly, however the poor infrastructure of Central America is keeping our growth rate in limits. The government has launched a new massive programme 'Roads and Rails', which provides part of the budget for infrastructure projects to connect the various regions of Central America.
Infrastructural Profits
Our infrastructure projects such as the 'Roads and Rails' initiative have cost a lot of money, and have forced the government to take up additional debt. Now that these projects are mostly finished, they are starting to bring in profits through usage fees and the additional economic growth.
Bridging Central America
Central America's communication lines are very sparse and the existing lines are poorly maintained. We need to invest strongly in communication technologies such as telegraphs and radio in order to bridge the jungles and hills of Central America while remaining in the government offices.
Industrialisation Programme
The industrial base of Central America is very limited and our small heavy industry base can't properly handle the needs of the citizens and of the army. We need to industrialise our nation to take it out of the 17th century into the 20th century.
Local Manufacturing
Unlike the industrial regions of the Rhineland or Wallonia, Central America does not possess any concentrated industrial zones and has a very limited consumer goods industry. By promoting local manufacturing and providing help to local producers, we can increase our industrial output.
Made in Central America
So far, most consumer goods in the shops of Central America have printed on them 'Made in Germany', or 'Made in Canada'... Instead of protectionist measures to try to kick those products out, we should promote local production so that 'Made in Central America' becomes dominant in the shops of our nation.
Invite Foreign Investors
The government doesn't possesses the funds to industrialise the entire nation on itself. We need to cooperate with our corporate friends and our investing allies to help develop our nation.
Corporate Investments
We need to promote further corporate investments to increase the industrial development of our nation.
Cheap Labour
In order to attract foreign companies, we have reduced corporate taxes significantly and have provided major legal protection. However, one main selling point of Central America remains the very low wages, which permits e.g. American companies to produce much cheaper than in the US.
Agricultural Development
The agriculture sector of Central America remains the most important pillar of our economy, and the majority of foreign investments end up in our farms and plantations. We need to provide additional support in order to mechanise our agricultural sector and to improve the living conditions of our farmers.
Protect Corporate Assets
In the chaos that has followed from the Nicaraguan Revolution and the turmoil in the other nations of Central America, our corporate allies have come under serious attack by Syndicalist and liberal forces alike. We need to safeguard the corporate assets so that confidence can be re-established in our economy.
Further Land Grants
Foreign companies such as the United Fruit Company hold major influence, both economic and political, in our nation. By providing those companies with additional, tax-free land, they will support the policies of our current administration and increase the agricultural output of our nation.
Cash Crop Profits
Cash crops make up a significant part of our agricultural output and bring in large profits.
Efficient Plantations
Many of the plantations of Central America have a very low output as they use outdated farming methods and are set up in an inefficient way. With additional government funding and educational investments, we can massively increase the agricultural output of our economy.
Diverse Output
As in any economic sector, we cannot rely on a single type of crop. In case of price fluctuations or crop failure, we need to have a diverse agriculture to overcome the difficulties presented.
Army Investments
The army is the backbone of the entire Republic. The credit for the successful unification goes to our military, and they will protect and expand our Union forever. In order to strengthen the state and the armed forces, the defence budget needs to be drastically increased.
European Doctrine
The enemies that the Central American Republic faces aren't some unorganised guerrilla forces or an army consisting of a single division. Our enemies to the north and the south have powerful industrial bases, strong air forces and large armies. To defend our way of life, we need to adapt a modern, European doctrine.
Standardised Equipment
Our army currently operates a massive amount of diverse equipment, e.g. we currently use not one but multiple versions of the outdated Mauser rifle! In the chaos that is our military arsenal, nothing short of a massive standardisation programme will be able to sort things out.
Heavy Guns
Our army lacks heavy fire weapons despite the fact that artillery has proven to be decisive in the battles of the Weltkrieg. We need to rapidly equip our army with heavy guns and train specialised battalions to operate them.
Motorisation Effort
As we reform and expand our army, we are facing severe logistical issues. The terrain of Central America is rough and roads are rare, however we still need to get our artillery pieces from the factory or the port to our divisions on the border. Trucks will solve this problem.
Reorganise Chain of Command
Just like our military arsenal, our chain of command is nothing short of anarchy. As we are in the process of integrating armies from multiple nations into one, which all had different doctrines and hierarchies, no one knows anymore who takes orders from who and who is on top. We need to fully reorganise the entire chain of command.
Trained Officers
Our army has a severe lack of low ranking officers, and in general, trained officers who know what they are doing is as rare as successful Syndicalism at the moment. An extensive enrolling and training programme will be the first step to fix this terrible issue.
Border Exercises
The terrain of Central America is very rough and unforgiving, and it is badly mapped. By performing regular exercises and war games near our enemies' borders, we will know the terrain much better than the invaders and at the same time we will train our army.
Professional Soldiers
Regular conscripts may have the spirit and the will to fight, however when the first bullets are flying through the air, they will be hopelessly scared. A professional soldier on the other hand will remain calm and do his duty of defending his nation at all times.
Industrial Warfare
A strong army isn't an army with a large manpower pool, but an army with a powerful industrial base to back it up. Without a proper economy, no nation will be able to fight in the 20th century.
Military Industrial Complex
Our military and heavy industries are unable to fully equip and supply our army. The government will need to step in to increase the capacity of the military industrial complex so that every soldier will get the rifle and helmet he needs.
Scientific Warfare
A strong army isn't an army with a large manpower poll, or an army with a powerful industrial base to back it up, but an army that has access to the most modern and sophisticated equipment and tactics.
Military Science
Central America doesn't have many educated scientists, and most of them don't work for the military. While we mostly profit of the technologies developed by our allies, we can't remain dependent forever.
Economic Warfare
A strong army isn't an army with a large manpower poll, an army with a powerful industrial base to back it up, or an army that has access to the most modern and sophisticated equipment and tactics, but an army that can use all of these threes with the backing of the entire nation's economy and production capacities.
Arms Deals
With our limited military industrial capacities, we will have to import most of our equipment for now. By negotiating good deals and trading with our close allies, our army will enjoy modern equipment at a low price.
Saving our Men
With our stockpiles of essential war materials almost filled with the latest up to date models, we will use our few military scientists to attempt to develop improved supporting medical equipment to help more of our men coming back safe from the frontlines.
Central American Doctrine
To the north and the south, the enemies we face are much stronger than we are. Even though it is hard to admit, Sandino and his Syndicalist traitors have nonetheless proven that a smaller force can defeat a much larger enemy when using the terrain and the people's support to your advantage.
Autonomous Officers
Guerrilla warfare requires swift reactions and decisions taken by those who are in eye sight of the enemy, so we will need to give the officers in the field large autonomy to act independently from high command.
Adapt to the Terrain
Central America's terrain is very rough and unforgiving, except to those who know it well. Throughout the enemies' offensives, we will be able to harass and destroy them thanks to our knowledge of the terrain.
Small Units
Waging war in such difficult terrain requires large flexibility and mobility, which larger units don't have. Squads of a couple of men will be able to outmanoeuvre and outsmart the enemy in the jungles and hills of Central America.
Improved Conscription
In order to fight off our enemies, we will need to massively increase the size and manpower of our army. We need to increase our levels of conscription to get as many men as possible into the armed forces.
Guerrilla Tactics
In order to be an efficient guerrilla fighter, one needs to know much more than the environment. The art of camouflage and deception can strongly increase the efficiency of our soldiers, and they will also need to know when to engage and when not to.
Guerrilla Spirit
It takes an iron will to fight successfully as a guerrilla fighter. Many units will have to survive in terrible conditions, while being hunted by the enemies' air force and artillery.
Large Force
In order to rival the forces of our enemies, we need to further expand the size of our army.
A Military with a State
Upon the military rests the entire nation. The army has unified Central America, the army has fought off the enemies of Central America, and the army will keep Central America united. The military doesn't serve the state, but the state serves the military.
The FARCA
Formed from the air forces of the nations that are now part of the Republic, the Fuerza Area Republicana de Centroamérica will need a much larger budget and more manpower to effectively fulfil its task of defending Central America's airspace.
Air Officers
As with every branch of the military, the air force is not a newly created branch but the result of the merging of the air forces of the constitute nations of the Union. As such, it has no standardised chain of command or doctrine and needs reform.
AA Positions
Our air force is by far not large enough to guarantee that our industrial and infrastructural centres are defended from enemy bombers. In order to protect these vital centres, we need more and better anti air batteries.
Airfield Expansion
In order to perform properly, our air force needs new, modernised air bases to operate from.
FARCA Fighters
Our air force is currently mostly operating outdated biplanes. In order to fight the coming air battles, we need to import new, modern designs.
FARCA CAS Aircraft
Our air force doesn't have a standard close air support aircraft and our best ground supporters are converted fighter biplanes. In order to help our troops, we need to import new, modern designs.
FARCA Bombers
Our air force doesn't possess any heavy aircraft, and as such is unable to perform bombing missions against enemy industrial targets. We need to import new, modern designs.
Protecting the Sky
Thanks to our reforms, our air force is no longer seen as an air farce but as a real fighting force. With the new, modern aircraft and skilled pilots, it will be able to protect the beautiful Central America sky.
Naval Air Coordination
Given our country stands in a very narrow isthmus, any potential enemy will try to take advantage of the long shorelines and easy approaches from the air the sea gives. We must seize this opportunity first and deny it to the enemy.
FARCA Naval Bombers
Undisputed control of both sides of the Panama Canal can be achieved through a superior navy, but that requires enormous investments we can't make. Controlling movement of navies from the skies is a cost-optimal solution.
The ARCA
With our newly formed nation, new needs arise. Previous Central American nations had no need for a large navy, and did little to pursue any sort of naval dominance. With our reunification, we need to reassert ourselves at a regional level, and we can't do so without a navy. As such, we shall found the 'Armada de la Republica de Centroamérica' and begin investing in its development in order to project our power!
Selecting a Main Naval Base
Considering the lack of interest in the past in forming functional navies, all of our ports have been built with trade in mind and are not suitable to hold a large surface fleet. We have several ports in our nation that are very promising options to invest in their improvement, but we need to choose which one, as we obviously don't possess the means to upgrade all of our ports.
Screen Ships
One of the steps towards establishing a new navy would be to establish a functional escort fleet, which is capable of defending our trade routes from rogue submarines in case of war. It will also help down the line when we can field larger ships, as the escorts are as vital to a large surface fleet as the very flagship. Since we lack any sort of dockyards in our nation, our best option to establish a fleet fast will be to acquire foreign screen ships until we can establish dockyards of our own.
Cruisers
One of the steps towards establishing a new navy would be to acquire a light cruiser that's able to provide support to our forces in the coastline and deal with enemy destroyers in the sea. Since we lack any sort of dockyards in our nation, our best option to field a cruiser will be to acquire a foreign cruiser for now, at least until we can establish dockyards to sustain a fleet on our own.
Flagship for our Navy
With escort ships and the cruiser ready to set sail, we now need a flagship for our young fleet. With a flagship we could finally start projecting our naval power towards the Caribbean and to finally have the means to face a small fleet in the open sea. Since we lack any sort of dockyards in our nation, our best option to obtain a flagship will be to acquire it from a foreign power until we can establish dockyards to build a flagship ourselves.
Naval Officers
With our new fleet, we have a new demand for officers to occupy the helm of our ships, and new admirals to coordinate our fleet. While some nations were in the progress of making a naval academy, like El Salvador, our best choice will be to send our officers to foreign naval academies in order to get acquainted with the modern basics of naval warfare and fleet manoeuvring.
Central American Merchant Navy
Central America not only needs military ships. Our great nation unfortunately lacks many resources that are plentiful in other places of the world, and we cannot continue our development unless we have a way to bring those resources to us. Provided this, we shall invest in a merchant fleet that will be tasked with keeping the Centroamerican trade alive and prosperous.
Dual Seas Doctrine
Our nation is one of the few in the world that occupy two separate oceans at the same time, having ports in both the Atlantic and the Pacific. However, this blessing is also a curse, as we will have to split our efforts in order to cover both oceans at the same time in case of a conflict. Considering we lack the ships in order to win a war by attrition, the defence of our 2 shores takes primacy.
Foreign Economic Control
Foreign companies control a share of our economy.
§CForeign Control:§! [?UFC_power|Y0%%]
Foreign companies will gain $RIGHT|Y0%%$ influence!\n
Foreign companies will lose $RIGHT|Y0%%$ influence!\n
Archaeological Expedition to the San Andres Site
The American archaeologist John Dimmick has arrived today to our country, and has made a very particular request. In the San Andres homestead there have been reports by visitors of the Dueñas family of ancient structures which are partially buried, and could shed light on the history of pre-Columbian Mesoamerican Civilisations. He claims he will finance the expedition with his personal wealth all on his own, and they just need us to give them the green light. [Root.GetLeader] has already announced his support for the project, and has contacted the Dueñas family personally to ask for their lands to be visited by the expedition. After a meeting with both a representative of the Dueñas family, Dimmick and [Root.GetLeader], they have agreed to give a carte blanche to the expedition at the dig site until the end of May, with the coming of the rain season. Hopefully their discoveries will keep archaeologists interested in our country for years to come.
They are welcome to explore our Past.
The Izalco Volcano Intensifies Its Strombolian Activity
The Izalco Volcano, located in the Sansonante department, El Salvador, has begun a series of irregular eruptions, breaking the cycle of one strombolian eruption per month to nearly one every twenty minutes, along with an increasing amount of ash and lava coming out of its interior. While the Izalco has erupted nearly ceaselessly since it was born in 1722, the 'Faro del Pacifico' is causing unrest in our population, as fears of a violent volcanic eruption are beginning to surface.
We'll have to keep watch on it.
The Izalco Volcano Intensifies Its Strombolian Activity Even Further
Reports from our geologists indicate that the Izalco volcano is indeed increasing its activity even further than before. Now the volcano erupts once every eight minutes, and the local civilian populace is becoming increasingly uneasy about the situation, as there are no current government plans in case of an eruption.
Prepare evacuation plans, just in case...
The Izalco Volcano Goes Back to Normal Activity Levels
Despite recent panic regarding the Izalco volcano, our geologists report that the volcano has finally returned to its normal activities, and while it's still having normal eruptions of ash and lava towards the southern sector, the people of Sansonante can rest easy as the volcanic activity starts to recede.
Thank God it's over.
Flooding at San Salvador
Due to the recent weather and the poor maintenance of San Salvador's drainage system, there has been a flooding in the Salvadoran city. While there have been no reported deaths by the incident, the damage done to the city's infrastructure is still significant and it will take some time until the city is back on its feet.
An unfortunate turn of events.
Paricutín Volcano Erupts in Michoacán
We have received reports today of bad news from the small town of Paricutín. The nearby volcano Paracutín has begun erupting during the afternoon, and the small town's populace now stands threatened by the rains of ash, and our specialists confirm that the lava flow will cover the city at the current pace of emissions. The town have been ordered being evacuation immediately by President [Root.GetLeader] and efforts to relocate them near Uruapan shall begin. This will however take time and effort, but it's a necessary step to ensure the safety of our citizens from a natural disaster.
An unfortunate turn of events.
Earthquake Hits Guatemala!
At 17:37, an earthquake of 7.7 Richter scale begun near the Guatemalan Pacific coast. The Earthquake has caused extensive damage to the area's infrastructure, tumbling telegraph lines and fracturing the Inter-American Highway. The town of Tecpan has been severely damaged as well, with nearly 60% of the civilian housing being demolished by the earthquake. The historic Palacio de los Capitanes Generales in Antigua Guatemala has also been partially damaged, as well as many old churches from the colonial era in the area. Unfortunately, thirty eight people have met their end in this tragic incident, and now we will have to deal with the aftermath of such an awful natural disaster.
Let's hope this isn't the First of Many.
Foundation of the Museo Regional de Arqueología in Copan
Today, the Museo Regional de Arqueologia was finally founded in the town of Copán. The Copán Archaeological site houses one of the biggest surviving architectural complexes from the early pre-classic era, as well as one of the biggest cities of the old Mayan civilisation. The site was closed to the public in 1935 and has undertook an extensive restoration work, with the Acropolis, the main square, the 'Staircase of hieroglyphics', Temples 11 and 22 as well as the '38 Estelas' and all the altars being the main focus of the restoration efforts. With the inauguration of the museum, the archaeological site is open once more to the public to explore the past of pre-Columbian Central America.
Another step towards preserving our history.
Earthquake Hits El Salvador
A strong earthquake has hit the small towns of Santa Clara and San Esteban, lying nearby the San Vicente Volcano. With a scale of 6.1 in the Richter scale, the earthquake has decimated the small towns, taking the lives of two hundred people and causing extensive damage in both towns and the roads connecting them. However, the earthquake doesn't seem to have been caused by the nearby volcano, and so the people of the San Vicente department can breathe a sigh of relief as the volcano is not giving any signals of activating any time soon.
Let's hope our luck improves.
Another earthquake has hit El Salvador, this time in the Ahuachapán municipality. The earthquake, with a strength of 5.9 in the Richter scale, has caused severe damage in the municipality of Ahualchapán and Atiquizaya. Luckily enough, there have been no reported dead due to the earthquake, and while the physical damage to both municipalities is extensive, rebuilding them won't be a difficult task as they were both fairly underdeveloped.
At least Everyone is Safe.
Another earthquake has hit El Salvador, this time in the municipality of Jucuapa. The earthquake began at 5:02 AM with a strength of 6.2 in the Richter scale, and when the emergency services where already mobilising, another earthquake began at 5:06 AM which caused even more extensive damage than the first one. The earthquake has caused severe damage in the departments of La Paz, Usulután and San Miguel and it is estimated that has taken the lives of four hundred people, wounded nearly a thousand and leaving more than twenty thousand people homeless. Plans are already been drawn by the 'Comité General Ejecutivo Prodamnificados' to resettle the victims to El Salvador, but it will be a costly endeavour...
It would seem like Mother Nature has taken revenge today...
A Tropical Storm hits the Nicaraguan Atlantic shores
A storm has struck our Atlantic coastline and it's currently ongoing in the area. With strong winds and a dangerous tide, trade into the Atlantic has been suspended temporarily and many fear that the storm will worsen in the near future. While the storm itself doesn't show any signs of worsening, maybe it would be wise to begin preparing evacuation efforts in case a hurricane is in the making...
We need to prepare for the Worst.
A Hurricane Hits the Nicaraguan Atlantic shores
As our plans were finally finished, worst came to pass as a hurricane formed near our shores and its strong winds began devastating Puerto Cabezas before moving upwards towards the Caribbean. Thankfully, our evacuation plans came into effect fast enough to avoid any civilian casualties, but the area will need to be repaired in order to work again.
We Chose well and prepared effectively.
Another Hurricane Hits the Nicaraguan Atlantic shores
A Hurricane has hit the Nicaraguan Atlantic shores again. The storm formed nearly out of nowhere, and the unprepared civilian populace suffered for the unpredictability of the Central American weather. Luckily, the storm was headed towards the Gulf of Mexico, and didn't touch shore, but the strong winds still caused some damage throughout the Central American Atlantic coastline.
We were lucky it wasn't headed our way.
Paricutín Threatens Santa Ana Zirosto
As the eruption of the Paracutín continues, another town finds itself in the path of destruction. The small town of Santa Ana Zirosto, which was founded during colonial times is now on the way of the lava emissions. The town has been ordered to evacuate, and they shall join the Paricutín population in the relocation efforts near Uruapan.
We can only hope they can recover.
Paricutín Threatens San Juan Parangaricutiro
While our specialists assure us that the eruption of the Paricutín is nearing its end, the town of San Juan Parangaricutiro, with nearly two thousand inhabitants, is now in the path of the lava. Thankfully, the major was already preparing a backup plan in case the volcano threatened the town, but our help would still be appreciated. The town and its inhabitants shall be relocated to the old Conejos Farmstead, nearly thirty kilometres away from the original location of the town. President [Root.GetLeader] has praised the major for his foresight, and the relocation efforts are already on their way.
Let's Hope this Ends Soon.
Paricutín finally Stops Erupting
The Paricutín Volcano has finally stopped emitting lava, and while the volcano may still be a threat for nearby populations for the years to come, we have avoided a major disaster by evacuating our civilian population and while ash clouds may still affect our nearby farmlands and towns. The towns that were buried shall be constituted as memorials for the old inhabitants, and will be considered integral part of their administration despite their relocation so they may do with their towns of old as they please.
At Last, It's Finally Over.
Annual Celebration of the '15 de Septiembre'
Today, the whole Central American region celebrates the day where the delegation of deputies from all the now former provinces of Spain gathered in the Guatemala City Townhall and together drafted the declaration of Independence that was written by Jose Cecilio del Valle, and that turned our once foreign-ruled countries into free nations. During the whole month of September, all of Central America celebrates, each with their own distinct traditions, utilising all sorts of entertainment from parades and concerts to public speeches by high ranking government officials. Today is truly a day of unity for our nations!
¡Feliz Día de la Independencia!
Publication of the Book 'Archaeology of the North Coast of Honduras'
The American archaeologist and ethnographer Doris Zemurray Stone has published her book compiling the findings of various archaeologists regarding several Central American archaeological sites in Honduras. One of the finest works of archaeological research in its area, her book focuses mostly on the notes regarding the Playa de los Muertos by George Clapp Vaillant and Dorothy Popenoe and how they shape the new image of the Mesoamerican cultures. The book has quickly become a must read for any pre-Columbian Mesoamerican history enthusiast, and has propelled the prestige of the young director of the National Museum of Costa Rica to new heights.
Her work makes us all proud.
Formation of [CEN.GetNameDef]
Central America has long been divided, the various nations under heavy American influence ever since the Federal Republic of Central America dissolved nearly a century ago. With the advent of the Second American Civil War, however, the region was swept by conflict and turmoil, different ideologies struggling to assert themselves in the storm.\n\nNow that the dust has settled, it seems that the land been united under a socialist government, already looking towards Paris for inspiration. Which particular strand of socialist thought the young nation will follow is still undecided, but one thing is for certain - a radical break with the past has occurred for the region.
Central America has long been divided, the various nations under heavy American influence ever since the Federal Republic of Central America dissolved nearly a century ago. With the advent of the Second American Civil War, however, the region was swept by conflict and turmoil, different ideologies struggling to assert themselves in the storm.\n\nNow that the dust has settled, it seems that the land been united under the liberal and democratic Confederation of Central America. Much is still uncertain about the country's future - the nature of the constitution, the location of the capitol, and the political parties which will run the nation are all undecided - but what can be determined is that this marks a new dawn for the region.
Central America has long been divided, the various nations under heavy American influence ever since the Federal Republic of Central America dissolved nearly a century ago. With the advent of the Second American Civil War, however, the region was swept by conflict and turmoil, different ideologies struggling to assert themselves in the storm.\nNow that the dust has settled, it seems that the land been united under the watchful of eye of Central America's armed forces. Pro-American and strongly against what they deem to be subversive syndicalist influence, the army has come to see itself as the new nation's guiding hand, protecting it from enemies both within and without. Where the new country will go from here is uncertain, but it seems that despite everything, a bastion of the old order remains.
This won't end well.
The Internationale shall be the human race!
A wonderful development!
Stability must be ensured.
