SKP
Sakartvelos Komunisturi Partia (Communist Party of Georgia)\n§LThe Georgian Communist party was founded towards the tail end of the Russian Civil War by Bolshevik aligned Georgian nationalists and a handful of the Russian Communist Party's own agents within the country. It failed to gain any meaningful traction and saw heavy political repression in the aftermath of Georgia joining Germany's sphere of influence. It is a tiny, illegal organisation that mostly meets in secret, and has begun to broaden their views to form more esoteric combinations of Communism and Georgian nationalism, noticeably adopting several elements of Western European Totalism. Some members of the party maintain ties with the Sotsialuri Revolutsionerebi, in hopes of influencing the only legal far-left party in Georgia to adopt more Communist and Totalist oriented beliefs.§!\n
SSSMK
Sakartvelos Sarevolutsio Sindikalist-Mashvralta Kavshiri (Georgian Revolutionary Union of Syndicalist Workers)\n§LThe Georgian Revolutionary Union of Syndicalist Workers was founded on January 3rd, 1919, following the split within the Socialist-Federalist party, which saw its anarchist wing found a new political organisation. The Union was founded by professor Aleksandre Tsereteli, with active support from legendary anarchist Varlam Cherkezishvili.\n\nAt first, the party did quite poorly and seemed likely to dissolve entirely as some of its members rejoined the Socialist-Federalists, however the revolution in France gave new life to the dying party and created a concrete example they could draw upon. Although the prosperity of the last decade and competition on the left have kept the party small, it maintains a dedicated support base that has kept it alive and it has consistently held at least one seat in parliament.§!\n
SSRP
Sakartvelos Sotsialist-Revolutsionerta Partia (Georgian Party of Socialist-Revolutionaries)\n§LThe Georgian Socialist Revolutionary Party was formed in the summer of 1918 by radical political figures who took a stand against what they perceived as weakness on part of the Georgian Mensheviks, particularly in regards to their commitment to women's rights and social justice, but especially in regards to their class politics, as the SR's feared that Georgia was squandering a valuable moment in history to fully commit itself towards revolution. In the aftermath of Georgian independence, the party mellowed its views to avoid censorship and suppression, and fear of drawing ire from the German hegemon. Both the Mensheviks and SR's in Georgia have maintained a distance from each other, never entering into an official coalition before, even if such a proposal has often been debated and discussed.§!\n
SSDP
Sakartvelos Sotsial-Demokratiuli Partia (Social-Democratic Party of Georgia)\n§LThe Social Democratic Party of Georgia, more commonly known as the Georgian Menshevik Party, emerged from two separate crises in the Georgian nationalist movement. In the late 19th century three groups emerged, fittingly dubbed the First, Second and Third Group, each with different ideas for how Georgian independence should be achieved. The Third Group, under the leadership of Noe Zhordania and Irakli Tsereteli embraced Marxist ideology and sought to meld Georgian nationalism with socialist beliefs. In 1903 the second crisis erupted, when the Third Group voted to join the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party, despite the protests of prominent members like Noe Zhordania. This tenuous alliance did not last long, on the advent of the Russian Revolution many Georgia based members of the party decided to end their cooperation with the Russians, although some Georgians like Tsereteli remained faithful to Russian branch of the party. Zhordania emerged as the leader of the newly dubbed SSDP and helped establish an independent Georgian republic, guided by a mixture of socialism, humanism and nationalism, whilst rejecting the more extreme Bolshevik currents that had swept across the Eurasian labour movement.§!\n
SSPSP
Sakartvelos Sotsialist-Pederalistta Sarevolutsio Partia (Socialist-Federalist Revolutionary Party of Georgia)\n§LEstablished in 1904, the Georgian Socialist-Federalist Revolutionary Party was initially derided by many of its leftist peers as a bourgeois party for the propertied class, but in time grew to appeal to both landowners and peasants, with a platform focused on agricultural issues. A critical moment emerged when the party leadership embraced violent revolutionary struggle, in line with the Socialist Revolutionaries' “Combat Organisation”, and began to endorse expropriations and violent reprisals against unjust landowners, despite condemnation from Georgian conservatives. This won them a great deal of support from the lower classes, and helped build a coalition with left-leaning and progressive parties throughout the Russian Empire. Following the Russian Revolution, the SSPSP joined forces with the Georgian social democrats and have been in a coalition ever since, but in time their agrarian focus has caused conflicts with the more urban, labour oriented policies adopted by the social democrats. It remains to be seen if the coalition can endure these disagreements.§!\n
MMEP
Mitsis Mesakutreta Erovnuli Partia (National Landowners Party)\n§LThe National Landowners Party of Georgia is a splinter group of the National Democratic Party, and was initially known as the “Independent National Democratic Party”. As its current name implies, the party prioritises its political messages to appeal to large scale landowners and urban industrialists, as well as the nation's conservative and liberal intelligentsia. Even though it was initially formed by a schism within the NDP, its leaders have maintained an amicable relationship with their old colleagues, and cooperate in a Liberal-Conservative coalition in congress.§!\n
EDP
Erovnul-Demokratiuli Partia (National-Democratic Party)\n§LThe National Democratic Party is one of the oldest Georgian nationalist groups still in existence, having originally been founded by “The Father of Georgia”, Ilia Chavchavadze. In its first few years of existence it was nearly moribund, but in 1917 Spiridon Kedia alongside the elder statesman Niko Nikoladze led a revival of the party, and participated in the first Georgian elections as well as the Georgian provisional government. The party stood for the rights of the peasants, the moderate intellectuals and the traditionalists, against what they deemed to be a tide of radical socialist ideology, sweeping across Georgia. Although unable to stem this tide, the National Democratic Party nevertheless solidified itself as the de-facto leader of the opposition against Noe Zhordania's Mensheviks, consistently gaining more and more of an edge on him in recent elections. Following Ekvtime Takaishvili's ascent to party chairman, the National Democrats have also sought to cultivate stronger ties with their fellow agrarian minded parties, and opened up to the possibility of cooperating with Georgian monarchists to secure power.§!\n
KTK
Kartvel Traditsionalistta Kavshiri (Union of Georgian Traditionalists)\n§LFounded some time after Georgia's declaration of independence, the Union of Georgian Traditionalists is a pro-monarchy lobbying group, largely dominated by members of the Georgian military and landed nobility. Various factions exist within the union, favouring either the idea of a German or native Georgian king to unite the country behind. The Georgian claimant George Bagration is ostensibly a member of the group, but the real mastermind behind the Bagration-Mukhrani dynasty's activism is his politically savvy son, Irakli. The germanophile faction is led by the conservative general Shalva Maglakelidze and the eccentric prince Georges V. Matchabelli. Although the union believes in establishing a constitutional monarchy, it has frequently been accused of trying to further the influence of the nobility in Georgia, or promoting German collaborators to higher positions of power. It maintains aloof ties with the more extreme, staunchly pro-Georgian Tetri Giorgi.§!\n
Tetri Giorgi
Tetri Giorgi\n§LThe Patriotic Union of White George, which derives its name from the figure of Saint George, emerged from the German backed Georgian Independence Committee over disagreements about Georgia's future. The Committee, which was made up of numerous military men, cultural activists and nobles, had a staunch belief in establishing a free and independent nation that could revitalise the Georgian people's cultural identity, but were outraged when Germany began to impose more and more economic and political demands on the nascent state. Rejecting their former patrons, the Tetri Giorgi gathered in the 1920s and rallied to the cause of total sovereignty, believing in the establishment of a free Georgian state under the guidance of a monarch, or similar national figurehead. More radical members of the party have openly expressed admiration for the far right Legionary and Integralists movements in Europe, perhaps hoping to imitate their ascents to power.§!\n
Tetri Giorgi
Tetri Giorgi\n§LThe Patriotic Union of White George, which derives its name from the figure of Saint George, emerged from the German backed Georgian Independence Committee over disagreements about Georgia's future. The Committee, which was made up of numerous military men, cultural activists and nobles, had a staunch belief in establishing a free and independent nation that could revitalise the Georgian people's cultural identity, but were outraged when Germany began to impose more and more economic and political demands on the nascent state. Rejecting their former patrons, the Tetri Giorgi gathered in the 1920s and rallied to the cause of total sovereignty, believing in the establishment of a free Georgian state under the guidance of a monarch, or similar national figurehead. More radical members of the party have openly expressed admiration for the far right Legionary and Integralists movements in Europe, perhaps hoping to imitate their ascents to power.§!\n
Potis Gemtsashenshi
Kutaisis Saavtomobilo Karkhana
TSKSA Iaraghis Karkhana
TSKSA
Rustavis Poladi
Treaty of Poti
Following Georgia's independence, the government was forced to sign the Treaty of Poti with Germany that protected our independence but gave vast economic powers to German companies. With nationalism on the rise, calls to end the Treaty have skyrocketed, but some fear it would lead to the death of Georgia.
Minority Protests
Georgia isn't just home to Georgians, but also has Ossetians, Abkhazians, and various other minority groups that feud with the central government.
Devolution to Minorities
Crackdown on Separatist Rebels
Black Monday
Stand by Germany
Georgian Farmers Fund
Recovering from Black Monday
Fortification Programme
Erovnuli Saavtomobilo Akademia
Convoy Raiding Tactics
Georgian Merchant Fleet
Expanded Georgian Merchant Fleet
Night Bombing Tactics
Georgian Air Academy
Food Riots
Food Riots
Food Pricing Commission
Food Imports
For King and Country
For King and Country
Christian Values
Lower Taxes
Improved State Education
Entrenched Democracy
Entrenched Democracy
Political Decentralisation
Political Decentralisation
Increased Unionism
Agrarian Socialism
Agrarian Socialism
Secret Police
Secret Police
Ultranationalist Programme
Ultranationalist Programme
Aggressive Doctrine
Economic Fallout
Georgia Focus Tree
Black Monday Hits Georgia
The German economic crash has finally reached Georgia and taken our economy with it! It will take great measures to lift us out of the crash and we must hurry before it worsens.
Re-Examine the Treaty of Poti
The Treaty of Poti is an agreement signed by the German and Georgian governments in 1918 to secure German protection and recognition of the new Georgian Republic. This came at a price however and Georgia was to allow Germany unfettered use of all Georgian railways and creating an oil pipeline from Azerbaijan. Perhaps it is time to reevaluate this treaty?
The Treaty of Poti is Dead!
The Treaty of Poti was a shameful scar on Georgia and tied our nascent economy to the German robber-barons. While it may only improve our economic woes mildly, by tearing up the treaty and nationalising the oil pipeline we can send a clear message to our people and the Germans.
Stand by Germany
Germany, for all their faults, have stood by us since 1918 and kept the Ottomans at bay. It is an unfortunate and necessary evil we maintain our ties with the Reich so as to prevent even further economic collapse.
Nationalise Vital Industries
Many industries that are essential to the Georgian economy are ready to go under on account of the unprecedented crisis before us. We cannot allow this to happen and must nationalise them. It may be costly in the short-term, but there will be dividends in the long-run.
Establish the Georgian Farmers Fund
The agricultural sector of the country has been horribly hit and is rapidly falling. To prevent wide-scale collapse and poverty among Georgia's farmers we must step in to make sure they remain afloat with government subsidies.
Temporarily Seize Foreign Investments
While it may anger our foreign investors, we have no choice but to step in and take over foreign businesses that have been able to stay afloat on a temporary basis to keep other sectors of the economy ongoing.
Expand the Poti Harbour
Poti Harbour, is the largest and most profitable harbour in Georgia. By freeing up some funds we can develop it further, invest in the region as a whole and make shipping and foreign enterprise more accessible.
Construct the Lajanuri Dam
Lajanuri is home to a large reservoir and there have long been plans to construct a dam in the area. With Black Monday ravishing the economy and leaving many unemployed, by finally initiating this project we can see many unemployed men be put back to work.
Establish Sakartvelos Erovnuli Banki
Georgia has long since lacked its own central bank and with Black Monday seeing a tumult in foreign banking, many in the government believe it is time we established our own to help detach Georgia from foreign interests.
Fund Kartuli Rkinigza
Kartuli Rkinigza, or Georgian Rail, is the premier freight company in Georgia and has come under hard times due to Black Monday. Government funds will keep it afloat and ensure a vital business will remain breathing.
Industrial Education Programmes
Much of Georgia's native industry is decrepit and out-dated, worsening our economic woes. If we are to ever escape Black Monday we must modernise and quickly. Specialised industrial education programmes will help get our workers up to scratch and improve our industrial capabilities.
Bailouts for Foreign Companies
Many foreign companies operate within Georgia and they are the lifeblood of the economy. Allowing them to fail would spell certain economic doom for us so by sparing government funds to keep them afloat is a necessity.
JSC Manganese Chiatur Subsidies
The JSC Manganese Chiatur mining company is an important employer and mining operation in the aforementioned city. Subsidising the mine will ensure a less painless recovery from Black Monday and keep the workers in employment.
Build a New Coal Power Plant in Tiflis
As many more men become unemployed from the crisis, it has been proposed to create a new coal power plan in the capital, creating all manner of employment opportunities in both the long and short term, keep many of our citizens in work.
German Arms Factory Investments
German arms companies have repeatedly invested in Georgia and remain a relevant and vital part of the economy. Keeping these operations ongoing via some investments will ensure continued resilience in the face of Black Monday.
Krupp Georgien
Krupp is one of the oldest German businesses and is a major player in the world of steel and armaments. Securing their investments in Georgia will be an incredibly lucrative business venture and ensure a mutually beneficial relationship.
The Baku-Poti Pipeline
The oil fields of Baku are isolated from the rest of Europe on account of Azerbaijan's placement on the Caspian Sea. Constructing new pipelines between Baku and the Poti Harbour will be a greatly beneficial investment to both parties.
Black Monday is Solved!
It may have taken some time and extensive political work but Georgia has finally overcome Black Monday and the economy is back to optimal health once more.
National Army Budget Evaluation
In our constitution, it is up to the national government to decide and evaluate the budget of the Georgian national army.
Artillery Investments
Artillery is a vital necessity to any armed forces and has long been a staple of warfare across the world. While Georgia may lack domestic production, freeing up some funds can help rectify this issue.
Spetsialuri Operatsiebis Dzalebi
As warfare advances, Georgia must advance with it and establish specially trained divisions to operate in certain environments and specific situations. It may be costly but it will be worth the price.
Georgian Ski Troops
Georgia and the Caucasus at large, are a land of great, snow-topped mountains and traditional warfare is not entirely possible. To better prepare for the eventuality of war in the mountains, special training for troops to master skiing and fighting while doing so should be prioritised.
Officer Training Schemes
The officer corps of the People's Guard have began to stagnate due to lack of military confrontation and dropping of standards in recent years. By retraining many of these officers in new military developments, we can revitalise the officer corps.
Small Arms Development
Georgia lacks a comprehensive arms industry but with some government funding we can wean ourselves off foreign companies and develop a small but thriving domestic weapons development sector.
Support Companies
The People's Guard has made few strides in development of its support companies, often leaving the soldiers to toil themselves. Further developments in this region should be made a priority.
Sakartvelos Sanapiro Datsva
Our coastline may be small but we can't just leave the navy to decay. With a bit of funding we can create a small and capable force to protect the coast!
Develop Poti Dockyard
The Poti Dockyard is the backbone of the navy and ensuring it remains in good condition and with expanded operations will only serve to benefit our naval forces.
Convoy Raiding Proficiency
Georgia cannot field a large navy but we can certainly harass those who do. Convoy raiding shall be the specialty of our navy and we will drain the lifelines of our enemies.
New Submarine Tactics
Submarines are the main force of our small navy and essential to our coastal protection. Improving our naval tactics with them would serve our naval forces well.
New Technologies
We cannot allow our naval equipment to get old and outdated. By investing in new submarine designs and licences we can improve our naval forces.
New Oil Tankers
The transport of oil through Georgia is one of the main components of our economy. New tankers should be procured to keep the industry going and performing even better than before.
Protect the Batumi Harbour
Batumi Harbour is once again our main export harbour for Georgia and without it our economy would be significantly worse for wear. Special fortifications must be erected to ensure it remains defensible from those who would seek to take it and its pipeline from us.
Naval Exercises
Our naval staff have become complacent and out of shape. A few exercises on the Black Sea should get them back into shape and fighting order in no time!
The Return of Batumi
One of the biggest slights to Georgia at the Treaty of Poti was the allocation of Batumi to the Ottoman Empire. At long last this miscarrage of justice has been corrected, and we find ourself governing the region once more. There is much work to be done, but the denizens of this historic city can rest easy now that they are back under their mother country.
Rebuilding the Port City
With the strategic Port City of Batumi rightfully returned to us, we are now left to pick up the pieces following the conflict that engulfed Anatolia.
Expand the Tanker Fleet
Georgia now finds herself in control of not one but two major ports on the Black Sea. This will allow us to greatly expand the amount of oil tankers we can operate and increase our exports as a result. No doubt this will only serve as a boon for the Batumis economy.
The SSSD
The Sakartvelos Samkhedro-Sahaero Dzalebi, is probably the most undeveloped branch of the army but we cannot let our air force suffer lest our skies be overrun with invaders!
Establish the Georgian Pilot School
Georgia currently lacks a native air training academy. We should rectify this issue so that we can train our own pilots rather than send them abroad.
Air Force Investments
Our air force is lacking and has fallen behind foreign competitors. If we are to defend ourselves we'll need to keep it well-invested in.
New Plane Models
Georgian plane models have fallen behind much of the world. Some simple funding allocations can see new designs and licences purchased.
Night Missions Training
Air combat is relatively young and night-time missions often prove too dangerous to new pilots. Training for this occasion will better strengthen our air forces.
Anti-Air Investments
As warfare advances forward, with it attacks from the skies are becoming more prevalent. Taking necessary precautions to counter this is a worthy investment.
Anti-Tank Investments
The enemies Georgia will likely face will no doubt besiege our nation with tanks and other armoured vehicles. While we cannot hope to combat them head on with our own, we can certainly a punch a hole or two in theirs.
Military Education Programmes
Many patriotic Georgians would no doubt take up the opportunity of service for the nation. By freeing up funding for new and better military education courses we can improve our military's doctrinal prowess.
The National Election
With Black Monday ravaging the country, calls to hold an election have finally come out on top and snap elections have taken place. Now it remains to be seen who will take the presidency...
EDP-MMEP Coalition Victory
It seems that the Black Monday crisis was too much for the Menshevik government to weather and now a coalition between the National Democratic Party and National Landowners Party has taken the plurality of votes.
A Referendum on the Monarchy
As part of their promises to their web of alliances, the EDP have promised to hold a referendum on the establishment of a Georgian monarchy with Hohenzollern prince Joachim and Georgian nobleman George Bagration being the two candidates for the throne.
King $GEO_giorgi_bagration_mukhraneli_regnal$
George Bagration, a native Georgian nobleman and descendant of the original Georgian ruling house, has been selected to take the throne of the new Kingdom. Somewhat authoritarian, his rule will no doubt see struggles with the legislature.
Republicanism Wins
Unexpectedly republicanism has received a fresh mandate from the referendum and the dreams of the monarchists have been dashed. They will no doubt attempt to overturn this result but for now Georgian constitutional republicanism survives.
King Ioakhim I
Prince Joachim Franz Humbert of Prussia has been selected to rule the new Georgian kingdom and will no doubt push the government to pursue deeper German ties but respect constitutionalism none-the-less.
For King and Country!
Our king is an embodiment of our fair nation, a unifier of the people and the protector of Georgia. Let the shout go up across the land as Georgian men fight for King and Country!
Encourage Georgian Nationalism
Georgia shall be servants to no masters! We are a proud nation with a proud history and we should not be ashamed nor be forced into servitude. Let the people be proud in defending their nation.
Promote Christian Values
Georgia is above all a Christian and traditional nation. In line with the EDP's policy programme, traditional and Christian values shall be promoted to solidify national unity.
Grow Closer to Germany
With Joachim on the throne, it is only natural we begin to draw closer to our German benefactors. The first to recognise our fledgling nation and protect us from Turko-Russian incursions. Solidifying this relationship is well within our interests.
Increase the King's Power
King George has shown an interest in taking a more active role in politics. Above all partisan bickering, the King is an optimal position to guide the nation and its people. As such his powers must be even greater!
Free Trade Economy
Georgia is at the crossroads of Europe and Asia, such an opportunity should not be wasted. The pro-business elements of the MMEP have been lobbying us to open up the economy and allow foreign companies greater access and investment.
Tax Cuts for German Businesses
German businesses are a common sight in Georgia and they have often helped bolster our economy. King Joachim has lobbied for more incentives for German investment, namely a few beneficial tax cuts. Who are we to refuse more investment?
Nationalize Key Economic Sectors
Our economy has been owned almost entirely by foreigners for a long time, who are only interested in pumping money out of our land. This can no longer be tolerated and we must safeguard the economic independence of our country!
Rural Development Schemes
The rural areas of Georgia have been let down by previous governments and the peasants have suffered greatly under past governments. To halt any further decay, the rural areas must be developed and funded.
Power to the Constituent Assembly
We are a democratic government and must uphold this fact. Our legislature, the Constituent Assembly shall see its powers widely expanded so as to prevent tyranny.
German Road Investments
Germany has shown an interest in expanding their economic ventures in the Caucasus and to facilitate their trade they will need modern connections. Fortunately Germany has offered to fund new road and infrastructure construction.
Strive for Autarky
As we push out foreign interlopers in our economy, we shall strive for autarky and wean ourselves off foreign trade, it is time to work towards proper autarky and shut off Georgia to international markets.
Lower Taxes
The coalition has always strived to create a freer Georgia and economic freedom is a core part of this. Taxes across the board shall be slashed and budgetary austerity shall be put in place.
German Arms Deals
As we slip further into the German sphere, their government has proposed selling off surplus arms to improve our own military capacity. We would be fools to not take on this lucrative deal.
The SSDP Survive
Surprisingly, the SSDP has managed to survive the elections, albeit with a minority government. Now tense negotiations begin, in order to secure a coalition with either the SSPSP or SRs.
SSDP-SR Coalition
The SSDP has managed to secure a coalition with the radical socialist SRs. The government will now no doubt embark on a programme of socialisation and bettering the life of the poor.
SSDP-SSPSP Coalition
The SSDP has managed to secure a coalition with the socially liberal SSPSP. The coalition will now pursue a programme of political liberalisation and strengthening the legislature.
Reassure the Populace
The recent economic and political crises have rocked the country and left the people reeling. As stability returns to Georgia once more we should remind the people that stable governance continues.
Secure the Government
Our coalition is fledgling and has opponents on many sides. If we are not to see our administration fall to our enemies we should seek to properly secure the government.
Improve State Education
State controlled education is lacking in the country and leaves many Georgians without a real education. Additional funding to improve it is a necessity.
State Propaganda Campaigns
Our supporters are few and our opponents many. The people must be swayed back to our side and see that our government is just and works for their interests.
Entrench the Political System
Black Monday nearly toppled the fragile democracy that we hold so dear. Our system of constitutional governance must be reinforced and entrenched into the national fabric.
Deepen the Welfare State
The social democratic SSDP has built up a small but dependable welfare system. To satisfy our supporters this shall be deepened and care for all Georgians.
Political Decentralisation
The SSPSP wish to see a decentralisation of the government and to secure their loyalty we should make good on these promises and delegate some authority from Tiflis.
Autonomous Agricultural Bodies
Georgia's farmers were terribly hit by the Black Monday crashed and it has been proposed that specialist and autonomous bodies to oversee agriculture be established. We can only support this idea.
Expand the Constituent Assembly
Keeping up with the SSPSP proposals, it is time to reshuffle electoral seats and expand the Constituent Assembly so that more Georgians can be better represented in politics.
Increase Unionism
The socialist SRs wish for us to lift restrictions on unions and promote it among our worker populace. Naturally we should follow and implement this proposal to better protect Georgian workers.
Agrarian Socialism
The SRs are agrarian socialists and Georgia lacks much industry. It is only natural to promote agrarian socialism among our populace so as to also better improve the lives of the rural populace.
Land Socialisation
Unfortunately many rural peasants toil on the land of others rather than own their own land. By the SRs pleas we should seek to rectify this issue and implement major land reform for the peasants.
King George's Coalition
George Bagration and his loyal supporters have taken over the government. Now there is no doubt he will seek to implement a reactionary and royal dictatorship.
Form a Secret Police
Many Georgians do not keep have their loyalty in check. A special police not constrained by the laws of the land will see this issue rectified and all Georgian's loyal to their king and government.
Purge Socialist Politicians
Many of the socialist politicians of the old order still walk the streets of Tiflis free and oppose our rule. They cannot be tolerated and must be removed at once.
Crush the Remaining Socialist Rebels
Some socialists have taken up arms to fight against the rightful king's rule. They must be put to the sword and their petty crusade to restore socialist tyranny destroyed.
Media Crackdown
Much of the media have yet to support the king's rightful rule. New controls must be put in place and only strictly loyal newspapers allowed to publish the glory of the king.
Form the King's Cabinet
Now that George has secured control of the state it is time to create a loyal cabinet that will enact the will of the king without question or dissent.
Expand the Police Force
The police command are instrumental in keeping the peace across the towns and villages around the country. Not all are completely loyal and so the police must be expanded to keep them in check.
State Media
Left to its own devices the media will only print lies and slander against the king. Only a truly loyal, state-controlled media can be allowed and trusted to properly print the truth.
Connect the Country
The old socialist regime sought to leave the country an effective archipelago of unconnected islands among mountains. King George has seen it fit to unite all his realms via a grand system of roads and rail networks.
Military Training Schemes
Specialised military training schemes must be established and made mandatory for all or else the Royal Army will lack good enough recruits. Only through extensive training schemes will we be able to properly militarise the state.
Militarise the State
The nation must be militarised and prepared to fight for the king or else we shall perish. Surely all patriotic Georgians will see no wrong with service for the crown.
Georgian Ultranationalism
The King is the embodiment of the nation and all it stands far. Georgian glory must be shouted from the hilltops and all subjects of the country must not bow to any foreign master.
Enforce State Orthodoxy
The Orthodox is our state religion and a great supporter of the King. This support should be used to our advantage in ensuring that potential dissidence is snuffed out.
The Paternal King
King George wishes nothing but charity and kindness onto the nation. Like a father to his children, he knows what is best and more importantly what is right for the nation and its people.
Foreign Policy
Strike at Armenia
Though the Armenians fought on our side in the past, they are a revanchist aggressive state, threatening our control of the region and our very existence. They must be put in their place.
Seize Batumi
Though the Ottoman Empire achieved victory in the Weltkrieg, events in the last few decades have estranged them from their neighbours, giving rise to a severe increase in tensions across the Middle East. With a coalition to the south west striking the Porte, perhaps it is our time to seize the city of Batumi while Ottoman forces are scattered across many fronts. If we will be met with resistance, then it's war!
Request to Join the Reichspakt
With internal affairs in Georgia mostly at peace, it is time to look to the world stage. Germany has been a friend for decades, and perhaps it is time to join their alliance.
Economic Programmes
Krupp Kutais Steel Factory
Krupp Railroad
Militarising Georgia
Troop Drills
Expand Kutais' Military Industry
Spark Industry Push In Sukhum
Rouse Nationalists
Army Reform
Fortification Programme
Citadel Tiflis
Anti-Air Programme
Military Industrial Expansion
Motorisation
Aggressive Doctrine
§YWe'll send Russia an offer to make a deal. This is probably our only chance to make an alliance with Russia§!
§RIf we say no to Georgia, we can't get Georgia on our side in the future!§!
The Treaty of Poti remains.
The Treaty of Poti has been ended.
The Referendum is no longer needed.
We have dropped the idea to attack the Ottomans.
We are preparing to attack the Ottomans.
With the Russian civil war in full swing, the Menshevik stronghold in Georgia was able to slip away, first as part of the Transcaucasian Federation, then as the Democratic Republic of Georgia. Following a string of agreements with Germany and the Ottoman Empire, Georgia was safe, and under the charismatic leadership of Noe Zhordania, decades of peace and relative stability were achieved. However, Zhordania grows old and is planning on retiring. With tensions rising across the Middle East, the peace he's brought may go with him...
GFX_GEO_intro
The Democratic Republic of Georgia
Georgia gained its independence during the chaos of the Russian Civil War, following its break from the short-lived Transcaucasian Federation. During the chaos, Georgia went to Germany for help in defending against the enemies surrounding the nation. Georgia signed multiple agreements with Germany, notably the Treaty of Poti, placing the country under the protection of Germany in exchange for several economic concessions which have resulted in a clear German dominance within the economy. Also in the Treaty of Batum, Georgia gave all of its Muslim majority regions to the Ottoman Empire. Asserting its hard won independence, Georgia has since remained a peaceful and stable state.\n\nWhile a part of Russia, Georgia was a centre of Menshevik activity, which remained the case when it gained independence, with the Menshehvik Social Democratic Party of Georgia ruling since 1918. Following Noe Ramishvili's brief stint as Chairman in 1918, Noe Zhordania has ruled the country for 18 years solid. The Mensheviks have had complete political dominance over Georgia the whole time, though their vote count has shrunk over the years. In the election of 1935, the Mensheviks almost lost their majority, but were able to keep hold. The National Democratic Party, the EDP, garnered a large amount of votes, with their leader, Ekvtime Takaishvili beginning to work closer with monarchist groups. The popularity for a monarchy has grown over the years, with the two main candidates as king being Prince Joachim of Prussia, son of Kaiser Wilhelm II, and George Bagration, head of the old Georgian royal family, the Bagrationi Dynasty.\n\nGeorgia stands as a beacon of stability in a world of growing uncertainty. Late last year, the old and popular Noe Zhordania announced he would resign as Chairman, to be replaced by Evgeni Gegechkori, who has worked in Zhordania's government since independence, though is notably less popular than him. However, unless disaster were to suddenly strike the nation, nothing is set to change politically until the next election in 1939.
§MRepublic - Mensheviks§! ($social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot After Black Monday, keep retain or end the Treaty of Poti.\n£white_dot In the August 1936 elections, have the SSDP survive with a minority.\n£white_dot You will have the choice to form coalition with either the SSPSP or the SR.\n\n§MRepublic - National-Democrats§! ($social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot After Black Monday, either keep or end the Treaty of Poti.\n£white_dot In the August 1936 elections, have the EDP gain a majority.\n£white_dot When the referendum on the monarchy is announced, take any option on who to side with.\n£white_dot In the Referendum on the Monarchy, have the republicans win.\n\n§MReferendum on the Monarchy - The Treaty Remains§! ($social_conservative_coloured$ / $paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot After Black Monday, keep the Treaty of Poti.\n£white_dot In the August 1936 elections, have the EDP win.\n£white_dot When the referendum on the monarchy is announced, take any option on who to side with.\n£white_dot In the Referendum on the Monarchy, have the monarchists win. King $GEO_giorgi_bagration_mukhraneli_regnal$ or Ioakhim will assume the throne of Georgia.\n£white_dot When General Maglakelidze meets with King George, going with his plan will turn Georgia into an absolute monarchy ruled by the Tetri Giorgi.\n£white_dot Refusing his offer will let the Kingdom remain a democracy.\n\n§MReferendum on the Monarchy - The Treaty Renounced§!  ($social_conservative_coloured$ / $paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot After Black Monday, end the Treaty of Poti.\n£white_dot In the August 1936 elections, have the EDP win.\n£white_dot When the referendum on the monarchy is announced, take any option on who to side with.\n£white_dot In the Referendum on the Monarchy, have the monarchists win. King $GEO_giorgi_bagration_mukhraneli_regnal$ will assume the throne of Georgia.\n£white_dot When General Maglakelidze meets with King George, going with his plan will turn Georgia into an absolute monarchy ruled by the Tetri Giorgi.\n£white_dot Refusing his offer will let the Kingdom remain a democracy.\n\nNOTE: With the Exception of the Royal Dictatorship, all paths will allow you to elect the EDP and the SSDP in subsequent elections.
§YValiko Jugheli§!:\n   stops being a Military High Command\n   stops being a General
Georgia
Georgian
Georgia
Kingdom of Georgia
the Kingdom of Georgia
Kingdom of Georgia
the Kingdom of Georgia
Kingdom of Georgia
the Kingdom of Georgia
Kingdom of Georgia
the Kingdom of Georgia
Kingdom of Georgia
the Kingdom of Georgia
Kingdom of Georgia
the Kingdom of Georgia
Kingdom of Georgia
the Kingdom of Georgia
Transcaucasia
Transcaucasian
Transcaucasia
Sasha Gegechkori
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 5th, 1887, in Naoghalevi, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAleksi \
Aleksandre Tsereteli
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 1st, 1889, in Tskhrukveti, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YPolitical Career:§! §LAleksandre \
Giorgi Bagration-Mukhraneli
Giorgi XIII
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 16th, 1884, in Saint-Petersburg, Saint-Petersburg Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe tale of house Bagration-Mukhrani begins with the rise of the early 16th century prince Bagrat, who was granted the fief of Mukhrani by his brother, the King of Georgia, but eventually rose to assume a great deal of autonomous power and gained de-facto sovereignty over his fiefdom. After the Russian conquest of Georgia, the lords of House Bagration and House Bagration-Mukhrani were regarded as equally powerful, but soon the Mukhrani branch began to gain more and more support in Russian politics, especially among Georgian nationalists. The elder branch of house Bagration eventually died out, leaving the Princes of Mukhrani as the next in line to the Georgian throne. The Bagration-Mukhrani's claim was officially recognised when the throne was won by George Bagration in the recent political referendum, restoring the Georgian monarchy. King $GEO_giorgi_bagration_mukhraneli_regnal$ is considered a rather aloof man, with little political opinions of his own. He has been strongly influenced by his late father, Alexander, who died fighting the Bolsheviks, as well as his son Prince Irakli who is commonly considered a far more capable political schemer. This has left King George as a fairly easily manipulated figure, which frustrates much of the nobility. Nevertheless, the king is still a popular man among the common people. Even if he wasn't invited as a signee, he gave his endorsement to the Georgian declaration of independence in 1918, and later enlisted as a soldier in the war against the Bolsheviks. It remains to be seen if this untrained, unprepared king can become a man in his own right, or if he will be defined by the influence of his son, his advisors, generals and prime minister.§!
Ioachim von Hohenzollern
Ioakhim I
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 17th, 1890, in the Royal Palace, Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPrince Joachim Franz Humbert of Prussia was born in Berlin, two years into the reign of his father Wilhelm II. Like his brothers, he attended elite schools and entered military service, eventually joining the 1st Foot Guards of the Royal Prussian Army, the most prestigious regiment in the German Empire. During the Weltkrieg, he served on the eastern front, but was wounded two months into the war and immediately sent home to Berlin. After returning, Joachim became engaged to the German noblewoman Marie Auguste von Anhalt, marrying her the next year. The couple had one child, Prince Karl Franz Joseph of Prussia, presently known as the Crown Prince Ioseb of Georgia. Joachim became quite a fixation among nascent states during the Weltkrieg, he was suggested as a potential monarch in Ireland, Finland and Poland but in all three cases, he was rejected, or passed up for other candidates. In 1917 the German diplomat Friedrich Werner von der Schulenburg and monarchists in the Committee of Independent Georgia sought to install Joachim as king of Georgia, but the government of Noe Zhordania vigorously opposed it. Later, the idea was revived by the conservative general Shalva Maglakelidze and the staunch germanophile Georges V. Matchabelli, who pushed for a referendum on restoring the monarchy. Joachim took the crown and adopted the regnal name Ioachim, but the foreign prince has not made many public appearances, as he is known to be struggling with learning the Georgian language and personal issues related to his mental health. He has still made token efforts to endear himself to the people, and already enjoys a great deal of support among the nobility thanks to Matchabelli.§!
Noe Zhordania
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 14th, 1868, in Lanchkhuti, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLike many of his peers, Noe Zhordania emerged from the muddled waters of Georgian nationalism and Marxism, having found a synthesis between the two. In the early 20th century he became well known as an opponent to the merger between the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party with its Georgian counterpart and as a staunch Menshevik, who was personal friends with Karl Kautsky. In 1917 he was elected chairman of the Tbilisi Soviet and denounced the Bolshevik Revolution, thereafter successfully advocating for the creation of a democratic Georgian Republic. He became its first popularly elected prime minister and from this position oriented Georgia's foreign policy towards the German Empire, utilising his connections to German politicians in order to gain international recognition, as well as economic and military assistance. Zhordania stopped short of fully acceding to Germany's demands that Georgia should become a monarchy under a Hohenzollern prince, which he opposed not only due to his republican beliefs, but also because he feared it would make Georgia a de-facto client state to the Kaiserreich. He supervised the creation of the Georgian constitution and forged a historic compromise between the Social Democrats and the National Democrats, to unite behind the common cause of Georgian nationalism, despite their radical ideological differences. This de-facto truce with the conservatives helped Zhordania be re-elected throughout the last 18 years, but in 1935 he announced his decision to soon step down and make room for a younger generation in the Georgian leadership. This came after a period of economic stagnation and numerous ineffectual reforms, which have cast a complicated shadow over Zhordania's legacy.§!
Evgeni Gegechkori
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1881, in Martvili, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into a noble family, Evgeni Gegechkori began his studies in Kutaisi before attending Moscow State University. Between his studies, he became affiliated with social-democratic circles while also emerging as a leader of the Georgian student community in Moscow. Despite being arrested for his affiliation with the Mensheviks in 1904, he graduated with a degree in law in 1906. Returning home, he became a juror and a social democratic organiser in Georgia, proving to be a popular orator with international standing. His first major taste of national political power began when he was appointed as a commissioner of the provisional government in Kutaisi during the February Revolution, and when Georgia declare its independence Gegechkori was in a strong position to join the new Menshevik dominated leadership of the nation.\n\nServing for over a decade in Noe Zhordania's various governments, Gegechkori has accumulated considerable political experience as Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Justice, and Minister for Internal Affairs. His numerous portfolios and his long service has made him a natural successor to Zhordania, but now that he is in the limelight, it is up to him to step out of his predecessor's shadows if he is to keep Georgia safe and independent.§!
Grigol Veshapeli
§YBorn:§! §L1891, in Sairkhe, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in 1891 to a family in Sairkhe, Shorapani region, Grigol Veshapeli went to school in Kutaisi. He was award a scholarship for his academic talents, allowing him to receive secondary education at Moscow State University studying literature. He contributed to \
Iese Baratashvili
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 4th, 1874, in Borbali, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIese was born to the princely Baratashvili family in the village of Borbalo. Whilst studying law at the university of Saint Petersburg he began to involve himself with radical student politics, and after graduating he took on a number of high profile cases as the defendant for various Georgian nationalists and revolutionaries. He helped found the Social-Federalist party and aligned himself with the Trudovik faction of the Socialist Revolutionaries, supporting them in the Duma after the revolution of 1905. He mostly sought to use the Russian parliament as a platform to raise a number of progressive issues, including Agrarianism, economic relief, combating antisemitism as well as addressing the questions of Georgian autonomy and nationalism, but he failed to gain any meaningful traction among Russia's political elite. Following Georgia's independence, he has emerged onto the nation's political scene as a rather influential figure, beginning to make a career in his own right and now promoting his ideas in earnest, rather than merely petitioning powers greater than him.§!
Mikheil Tsereteli
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 23rd, 1878, in Tskhrukveti, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPrince Mikheil Tsereteli was born to a noble family in the Imereti region of Western Georgia. Like other members of his family, Mikheil pursued a career in academia, studying abroad at Heidelberg University and receiving a PhD in history in 1913. He has taught as an associate professor in several institutions and is an expert in Sumerology, Georgia and the Caucuses, Ibero-Caucasian civilisation, and Sociology, having authored dozens of academic works.\n\nBut that is not why he is known today. Mikheil Tsereteli will not go down in history as just another dusty academic, but as a fierce champion of Georgian nationalism. Even before graduating from university, in 1908 he co-founded the Committee of Independent Georgia in Constantinople, publishing the journal \
Ekvtime Takaishvili
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 5th, 1862, in Likhauri, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEkvtime was born to a family of minor Georgian nobility in the province of Guria, but was orphaned at a very early age and raised by his siblings, as well as his grandmother. Although initially known as a troublesome child, after Ekvtime went to Petrograd's University he became recognised as an exemplary student with a passion for history and archaeology. His first foray into politics came after he became a teacher in Tbilisi and grew sympathetic to local radical student groups, whilst his passion for Georgia's long and storied history fostered a great sense of national pride in him. After the February Revolution he signed Georgia's declaration of independence and became a key member of the conservative National Democratic Party, fearing the growing radicalism of the Social Democratic Party. He served as Deputy Chairman of the Parliament, where he sought to defend the rights of the Georgian church and the peasants, against the growing secularism and urbanisation espoused by the Social Democrats. He is also a principled defender of public education, and an irredentist for Georgia's historic borders. Despite his aristocratic background, he has been opposed to the influence of the nobility on Georgia's politics but has also expressed a degree of sympathy for the idea of an apolitical, constitutional monarch who can act as a figurehead for the country. He has also defended the government's ownership of Georgia's national treasury, preventing famous national treasures and relics from falling into the hands of private collectors.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 5th, 1862, in Likhauri, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Shalva Maglakelidze
§YBorn:§! §L1893, in Dikhashkho, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMaglakelidze was born in 1893 in the then Russian Empire. First studying in the gymnasium in Kutaisi, he went on to study law in Moscow. Fighting first on the Russian side in the Weltkrieg, he allied with the new Georgian nation after the socialist revolution, earning praise for his conduct in the war. Afterwards, he temporarily took time off from the Army, travelling to Berlin to earn a PhD in law. Returning to the Army in the late twenties, he has slowly worked his way up the chain of command, only sometimes hindered by his outspoken conservatism, and germanophilia. With these qualifications, the new overlords of Georgia easily found him as their man to lead the country.§!
§YBorn:§! §L1893, in Dikhashkho, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Leo Shengelaia
§YBorn:§! §L1887, in Obuji, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in 1887 in the Zugdidi region of Georgia, at an early age Leo Shengelaia sought an education in law. During his time at university he made contact with radical student groups and became a member of the Socialist Revolutionary party, becoming particularly interested in their programmes for educational reform. In 1917 he formed a \
Giorgi Khimshiashvili
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in Bulachauri, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Valiko Jugheli
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1887, in Sviri, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Vladimer Goguadze
§YBorn:§! §L1880, in Chanchati, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Valerian Tevzadze
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 10th, 1892, in Tiflis, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Giorgi Abashvili
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 8th, 1910, in Tiflis, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
The Chairman
§YBackground:§! §LThe Democratic Republic of Georgia is a parliamentary system - one which does not have a formal head of state. Instead, the responsibilities that such a role would have are bestowed to the Chairman of the Republic - the head of government, elected by the Parliament for a one-year term, with a maximum of two consecutive terms.§!
Philipe Gogichaishvili
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1872, in Lanchkhuti, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Nikoloz Muskhelishvili
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 16th, 1891, in Tiflis, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Grigol Peradze
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 31st, 1899, in Bakurtsikhe, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Dimitri Arakishvili
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 23rd, 1873, in Vladikavkaz, Terek Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Ivane Javakhishvili
§YBorn:§! §LApril 23rd, 1876, in Tiflis, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Kato Mikeladze
§YBorn:§! §L1878, in Kulashi, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Aleksandre Dgebuadze
§YBorn:§! §L1882, in Kutais, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Mikheil Grigorashvili
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in Derbent, Dagestan Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Iaroslav Ioseliani
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 23rd, 1912, in Lakhiri, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Giorgi Kvinitadze
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 21st, 1874, in Temir-Khan-Shura, Dagestan Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Aleksi Shiukashvili
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 3rd, 1893, in Tiflis, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Aleksandre Kartvelishvili
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 9th, 1896, in Tiflis, Tiflis Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Ivane Karangozishvili
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Russian Empire§!
Mikheil Gogolashvili
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 15th, 1902, in Chancheti, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Melkisedek Kedia
§YBorn:§! §L1878, in Zugdidi, Kutais Governorate, Russian Empire§!
