Netherlands Focus Tree
Koninklijke Hoogovens
Philips
Hazemeyer Signaalapparatenfabriek
Shell
Artillerie-Inrichtingen
HIH Siderius
DAF
Spyker-Trompenburg
Werkspoor
Fokker
Koolhoven
Pander
Aviolanda
Koninklijke Maatschappij De Schelde
Wilton-Fijenoord
The NV Dok en Werf Maatschappij Wilton-Fijenoord is located in Schiedam, west of Rotterdam. With it origins tracing back to the first half of the 19th century, and was the first Dutch shipbuilding company to use steamer turbines. It is responsible for building the majority of the Dutch cruisers, as well as some destroyers and submarines.
Rotterdamsche Droogdok Maatschappij
The largest shipbuilding and repair company of Rotterdam, the Rotterdamsche Droogdok Maatschappij constructed a variety of civilian and military vessels, including the majority of the Dutch submarine fleet built in the specifically designed 
Werkverschaffing
To combat the crisis of rampant unemployment unleashed by Black Monday, the government has decided to expand its labour programme.
Strict Weapon Laws
We have implemented strict weapon restrictions to improve stability in our nation, extending required training time and imposing further regulatory requirements on suppliers and users.
GS III
GS III
CS6
CS6
Brawling on the Streets
Far-left and far-right elements are fighting on the streets. For now, they are dampening each other's effects but if either side becomes too powerful or the situation becomes too unstable our regime may be toppled.
Subsidised Truck Production
Homeland Defence
Mobility Focus
Ambtenarenverbod
The 'Ambtenarenverbod' or Civil Servant Ban, blocks government officials from joining any far-left groups or the Landwacht, in the hopes of halting the momentum of these undemocratic ideologies.
Ambtenarenverbod
The 'Ambtenarenverbod' or Civil Servant Ban, blocks government officials from joining any far-left or far-right groups, in the hopes of halting the momentum of these undemocratic ideologies.
Ambtenarenverbod
The 'Ambtenarenverbod' or Civil Servant Ban, blocks officials from joining any far-left groups, in the hopes of halting the momentum of these undemocratic ideologies.
Transition to a Fair Economy
It is difficult to create a system that works for everyone, there is no doubt about that. All the same, the venerable Dutch spirit can manage this intense period of economic transition.
Market Syndicalism
Just because there is a new leftist order in Holland doesn't mean that we should cast aside all of our old trappings. After all, the markets incentivise workers in many fields, including construction.
February Strikes
Our country is suffering from a turbulent period of strike actions, paralysing much of our industry.
Werkkampen
It is only through the purification of labour that reactionaries stand to assist us.
Mass Collectivisation
A key part of our economic doctrine is the collectivisation of agriculture and industry, lumping smaller entities under a larger and more efficient centre.
Verzorgingsstaat
The least we owe our people is a well-managed and properly functioning Welfare State, one that is palatable to both socialists and conservatives alike.
Unions Banned
For too long the trade unions have acted as a hotbed of seditious left-wing activity. No more shall we tolerate those that shelter our political enemies.
Staatsvakbond
With the old trade unions suppressed and our people inflamed with nationalist zeal, new state-run unions allow us to channel their patriotism for military purposes.
Nationalist Renaissance
The people of Holland have found their spine, with a little bit of help from our government. A new era of patriotism dawns.
Orde van Oranje Nassau
The chivalric Order of Orange-Nassau exists to reward those that give their all to the Dutch people, either on the battlefield or in the civilian sphere.
Negotiating With Extremists
Sometimes it is in the national interest to negotiate with those that more sensible political figures would consider... somewhat unreliable.
Secret Police
Martial Law
Rebuilt Binnenhof
Royalist Fervour
Nationalist Reforms
Reformed Landwacht
Entrenched Pillars of Society
Disbanded Paramilitaries
Quelled Extremists
Netherlands United
Fixing the Nation
Negotiations with the Left
Negotiations with the Right
Coalition with the Left
Coalition with the Right
Batavian Resistance
About 150 years ago, the Germans, then known as Prussians, destroyed Dutch democracy and reinstalled the Orange-Nassau family. Nowadays, they are doing so again, and we shall not allow them to do so insofar it's up to us!
British Advisors
The agents of R.E.D are now providing the fledgling Dutch People's Army with much needed direction and guidance.
British Armour Designs
A gap has been left in the Dutch army in the execution of armoured warfare tactics, and tank designs. Though with British designs, and Dutch ingenuity, we the Dutch are seeking to bridge this gap.
Focus Naval Recovery
With most its navy fleeing with the Dutch royalty. The new Volksmarine, having lost most of its expertise, the new admiralty has set more realistic expectations in ship construction.
A New Direction
The lack of a fleet, and an admiralty has been able to the new Volksmarine to steer their doctrine into a new direction
Radical Approach
A radical approach has allowed the [HOL.getname] to re-establish somewhat as a naval power.
Rebuilding [HOL.GetNameDef]
Rebuilding [HOL.GetNameDef] - Proletarian Humanism
Proletarian Humanism
Rebuilding [HOL.GetNameDef] - Industrial Democracy
Industrial Democracy
Rebuilding Bureaucracy
Rebuilding [HOL.GetNameDef] - Revolutionary Vanguard
Revolutionary Vanguard
Rebuilding [HOL.GetNameDef] - Democratic Workplaces
All workers must have a say in the company for which they slave. No longer shall employers and reactionaries oppress those that toil for them - without representation at least.
Democratic Workplaces
All workers must have a say in the company for which they slave. No longer shall employers and reactionaries oppress those that toil for them - without representation at least.
Welfare State
Effects of Black Monday
As a result, of the Black Monday crash in Berlin, Holland has been plunged into economic catastrophe. Its toxifying effects on the Dutch political scene and in industry are already apparent.
Economic Recovery
With the German economy recovering from the disastrous impact of Black Monday, our economic distress has also started to feel relief as German companies slowly rebuild their investments and business in the country. It will take a while before the economy is fully restored however.
Economic Boom
We have not only got through the worst but turned the Netherlands into a shining paragon of economic strength.
Increased Military Spending
Through intense levels of borrowing we can kickstart our economy and turn our military into a well-oiled machine with one swift stroke.
Abandoned the Gold Standard
Though the Dutch love gold - the smell of it, the taste of it, the texture - it is only by implementing hard decisions that we can rescue it from economic malaise.
Werkverschaffing
By expanding our national labour programme we can get the unemployed back to work, even if it is only cleaning walls or paving roads.
Public Works
If we can throw enough men and women at a problem, it is sure to be solvable.
Submarine Wolfpacks
Lone Wolf Operations
Ship a day tactics
Convoy Sailing Tactics
Atlantic Submarine Focus
Cruiser Submarine Focus
Huisje-Boompje-Beestje Tactics
Luchtkruiser tactics
Luchtvaartacademie Established
Left List is Victorious
The moderate left of Dutch politics has won the recent elections, granting them the initiative and political capital needed to form a new government.
SDAP-RSAP Coalition
The more centrist social democrats have formed a coalition with the radical socialists in order to be able to put their views into effect in full.
VDB-SDAP Coalition
The social democrats must work with their partners in the Lijst Links electoral alliance if they are to set up the first Dutch centre-left government.
Overthrow the System!
The parliamentary system of the Netherlands is obsolete! Let us abolish the current system in favour of a more radical solution.
Use the Popular Mandate
The people have given us their trust to repair the nation. With them having been granted their wish, we should work within the system to reform it.
Revoke the Ambtenarenverbod
The Ambtenarenverbod was a flawed attempt by Colijn to stop the rise of syndicalism in the Netherlands. With a serious left-wing coalition in power, it is time for us to repeal this obsolete mess!
Amend the Wapenwet
Currently weapons are quite easily obtainable in the Netherlands, a serious concern in these politically turbulent times. If we were to tighten up our weapons legislation, it would help us limit the casualties of civil violence.
Institute a Minimum Wage
Many people are currently working for less than they need for survival. Let us implement a general minimum wage that provides a safety net to those most in need...
Ban the VNH
The VNH is a highly polarising force within Dutch politics. The country is better off without their corrosive influence.
Dissolve the Landwacht
The paramilitary wing of the VNH is infamous for terrorising peaceful demonstrations, breaking up strikes by force, and allegedly even committing political assassinations! They ought to be banned!
Dissolve the Red Front
The paramilitary National Red Front is a threat to public order, renowned for its street brawling, persecution of businessmen and supposed violence against the Church! We must outlaw them if we are to get stability!
Planning the Welfare State
In some enlightened nations such as Denmark, the welfare state is already an active phenomenon. In the Netherlands we have nothing like it, however. If we ever hope to implement it we must plan accordingly.
Demand That the Violence Cease
In spite of our ban on paramilitaries roaming our streets the violence has only marginally declined. It is time that we invite the leadership of both sides to a meeting to demand their assistance in resolving this crisis.
Disperse the Far-Right
Through our measures the far right has been virtually expunged from our nation. It will take years for them to become a significant force again even if we were to stop now! All the same, we must keep up the relentless pressure.
Democratic Collectivisation
Let us collectivise private property where we can, so that every Dutch citizen can be equally represented in the Netherlands of the future.
Doorbraak
For too long Holland's political system has been fragmented into clusters of self-serving interest groups and institutions. No more! Finally, we shall shatter the obsolete pillars of the past by implementing a new depillarisation programme.
Progressive Tax System
We are to tax the rich more than the poor if we are to be able to fund the welfare state we are envisioning and increase equality, even if the rich will not like such a move.
Close Pillar Institutions
It is time we end this pillarised society. Someone who is Protestant will only listen to Protestant radio as it is. Let us end these rifts by closing down the Catholic, Liberal, Protestant and even Socialist news media!
National Dutch Broadcaster
With the closure of all major broadcasting stations as part of our depillarisation efforts, it is time for us to launch one station for all Dutch, one that represents us all!
State Pensions
An essential part of the new Dutch welfare state will be that the elderly will be able to retire with a minimum standard of living, thanks to the contribution of those that continue working.
Sick Leave Legislation
Employers should allow people who are not well to stay home for some time, as it is the humane thing to do. Sadly, not everyone seems to agree, so we'll need to make it mandatory.
Subsidised Tuition
Nothing helps social mobility more than making it possible for those with the capacity to receive the schooling they need. Henceforth the future will determine your fate instead of the past.
Mandatory Health Insurance
Currently healthy people of young age usually do not take health insurance, resulting in very expensive insurance, resulting in some people who need cover being unable to pay for it. We ought to make it mandatory.
Twinkling Social Democracy
Our policies have made the Netherlands a beacon in the world, and an example for all on how to build a proper welfare state.
Entice Christian Progressives
Many Christian progressives vote for the conservatives simply because they are Christian. Part of the Doorbraak policy will be incentivising them to actually vote for the left-wing parties that they secretly admire.
The United State
We ought to show unity at all times. Let us stand united as Dutchmen versus the world.
Aftermath of Black Monday
Black Monday shockwaves have hit the Dutch economy hard. The government will be forced to take immediate and drastic action to avoid the economy breaking down completely.
Public Works
By investing in public projects like the construction of canals, city parks and highways, we will be able to restore the purchasing power of the common man, who would otherwise be unemployed, while also getting improved infrastructure in return.
Drop the Gold Standard
We adhere to the Gold Standard so that investors will see the Guilder as a stable currency that can always be turned in for gold at the central bank. An unfortunate side-effect of having a strong Guilder is that it makes it expensive for people from other countries to purchase Dutch products. By dropping the gold standard and devaluing the Guilder we can mitigate these effects.
Defence Spending Spree
We shall bring our military back to the level of the rest of the world. Socialists and other unpatriotic folk are saying that the military should be the last place the government should invest in these times, but we shall prove them wrong!
Extend Unemployment Subsidies
Owing to Black Monday, more people are unemployed than ever before. While the conservative and especially the liberal governments of the last decades have implemented basic unemployment subsidies, they were afraid to discourage working if they made the rates too high; couple that with inflation and everyone living of these subsidies is impossible.
Finish Rijksweg 12
Before Black Monday ended the German golden era, plans for building a highway connecting The Hague with the German border were already considered, though it ended up only reaching as far as Oudenrijn. Extending the Rijksweg to the German border would serve as a powerful symbol of our government's commitment to other national infrastructure projects.
Trade Missions
Trade missions seeking to reach agreement with foreign governments and companies are a great way to expand the reach of Dutch business and potentially alleviate the current economic downturn.
Loan to Shell
Royal Dutch Shell has been through a series of rough years during the 1920s. While other Dutch companies prospered, Shell suffered the catastrophic loss of their British holdings in the Revolution of 1925, a situation only alleviated by our accession to the German economic sphere of the Reichspakt. We can give them a loan that will surely turn into an investment beneficial for both parties.
Cut Employment Benefits
More and more people are sacked from their workplace, and the treasury is increasingly stretched by their demand for subsidies and benefits. If we are not to end up with a monstrous debt at the end of this, we must cut down the money available.
A Country of Canals
By building canals all over the Netherlands we will keep our unemployed populace working while rejuvenated businesses will profit from the canals and the infrastructure it brings in the future.
Factory Building
By building more factories the nation will be able to increase its domestic military production. While we are a transit country it can never hurt to invest in other sectors as well.
The Rhine Line
Ever since the inception of the Communard regime in France the godless syndicalists have been plotting our destruction and that of our German neighbour. The Rhine is a significant obstacle to this end and if we were to strengthen it with forts, provided God blesses us, there will be no foreign syndicalist setting foot on Dutch soil north of the Rhine.
Limited Working Week
The minimum working week is too long, and as a result, employers cannot afford to hire as many as they otherwise could. By shortening the working week, employers will be forced to hire more people, thus allowing more people to earn a living.
Improve the Afsluitdijk
The Afsluitdijk was finished in the early thirties and closes off the Zuiderzee, turning the IJsselmeer into an inland bay. The risk of the dyke breaking could have disastrous effects however, so investing in securing its structural integrity could hardly hurt. Furthermore, it would also deliver much-needed work for unemployed people.
West Indies Trade Hub
The West Indies are ideally situated to be a trading post for trade with the western hemisphere. The America's, far away from Germany's sphere of influence, can also provide a chance to diversify our exports, which is currently overly focussed on the Kaiserreich.
Loan to SBM
The Surinaamse Bauxiet Maatschappij is a mining company in Dutch Guyana. By giving them a loan, they will be able to expand their activities on the South American continent and hopefully deliver us more military-critical resources than ever before.
Cut Employers' Red Tape
One of the factors that pushes Dutch industry behind foreign competition is our raft of highly sophisticated yet burdensome safety regulation. It's sad, but we cannot afford such things in these times of crisis.
A Park for Every Town
Another manner to keep our unemployed busy is by building a lot of parks. Generations yet unborn will be able to come to their senses in these tranquil sites, that will have been built in these hard times.
Forced Labour Draft
Many so-called unemployed claims they cannot find work to do; at the same time, we cannot find people to defend the fatherland. This paradoxical situation will end now. If you want to receive money from the state then you will have to do something for it if you can, even if it will mean that our soldiers will be slightly less motivated.
Media Censorship
We cannot just trust the intellect of the common man, and need to those block dirty syndicalists where we can. By censoring most French media, and limited censorship of known syndicalist affiliated media, will dam these muddy waters.
Privatisation of Projects
Our investments have borne fruit: companies are expressing their interest in taking over some of our national projects in hopes of making a profit off them. To do this, they will need to hire people, who will in turn spend more money. While we have not fully recovered from Black Monday yet, this will surely be the beginning of the end of our nation's suffering.
Return to Pre-Crisis Export Rates
Our efforts to make Dutch companies as lucrative as possible have borne fruit: export rates are returning to pre-crisis levels, and in some sectors even exceed these levels. To handle the workload, companies are forced to hire more people, resulting in more spending power for the common man. While this may not amount to full recovery yet, it is possible to see a bright horizon ahead of us.
Unemployment Reduced
Our werkverschaffing-programme has borne fruit: day after day, less people come to stamp as proof that they are in fact unemployed and not claiming their subsidies as free extra money on top of their regular salary. It seems we succeeded, and while we have not fully recovered yet from Black Monday, the worst of the crisis' effects seem to have abated.
More Purchasing Power
Our large investments in the military are resulting in people finding work across a number of sectors, ranging from the production of weapons to serving in the army themselves. As a result, they have money to spend, which is now slowly kickstarting the recovery of other sectors as well. While we have not fully recovered from Black Monday yet, we are certain that this is the beginning of the end of the suffering.
Recovery from Black Monday
Our sound strategy to fight the economic collapse that ensued after Black Monday has resulted in the stabilisation of our economy. In all sectors, more people are employed, more products are sold and increasing liquidity is floating around. It seems we succeeded in guiding the country through a hard time, and people are confident in the future once again.
Eastern Industrialisation
Imports from Germany and the borderlands are the future. By investing in that region, we shall be able to benefit from cross-border trade and encourage a number of new businesses to open.
Northern Industrialisation
We have already established funds to help businesses in the north of the country. All that remains for us to do now is to open it up to applications.
Consolidate the Arms Industry
Our recent efforts to incentivise small businesses are already paying off, particularly in the domestic sphere. All the same, it is vital now that we encourage a number of small military firms to come together to enable them to make a meaningful contribution to our military sector.
Subsidise Philips
Philips is one of our most famous corporations, and a global player in the electronics market. By subsidising their R&D and engaging in joint ventures with them, we can harness them for our own state uses.
Investments in Spyker
Though Spyker has had its ups and downs, its military value makes it a key player in our country. By investing in a majority shareholding in the firm we would be able to take advantage of its automotive prowess to develop mechanised technology.
Werkspoor Loans
The Werkspoor company is our primary armour designer, and as such we should not overlook its importance as a potential driver for improving our army's potential in the near future.
Economic Boom
With just the right amount of interference and hands-off approach, our economy has become less a shadow of its former self, than an outright phoenix. Holland is standing strong, and our nation is booming.
The SDAP Question
With the Netherlands entering a new socio-political order, the time has come to consider whether to allow the somewhat centrist SDAP to stand for election to the assembly that will decide the nation's future. It may be a Trojan Horse for reactionaries.
Elect a New Assembly
We must choose who to elect to our new legislative body in order to establish a new constitutional framework for Holland.
The Third National Assembly
The time has come. The Assembly will decide on who fills each post within the new executive Volksraad, allowing all left-wing parties to have a say in this new political order.
Industrial Democracy
No more shall the few make decisions for the many. Our workers shall be more involved in the making of decisions, sharing responsibilities, and authority within the workplace.
Rebuilding [HOL.GetNameDef]
With the [HOL.GetRulingPartylong] being voted via Third National Assembly to govern, they seek to rebuild [HOL.GetNameDef] from the ground up.
One Raadspensionaris!
Unexpectedly, most of the Assembly appears to have come to one simple conclusion. There should only be a single 'Grand Pensionary', David Wijnkoop, who shall guard the revolution against reactionaries and imperialists without a shred of mercy.
Council of the State
The Council-Communists under Anton Pannekoek and his KAPN have taken a majority in the new Assembly, becoming the leading constituents of the Volksraad executive body. Known for their opposition to formal decision-making bodies, this has come as quite a shock.
Vakbondsfederatie
The Assembly's majority choice appeared to be the syndicalist NAS party under Jacques de Kadt, who has called for Communard-style rule under a 'federation of trade unions'. The most 'orthodox' of the serious leftist groups in the state, the NAS was a clear compromise between all involved.
Socialist Republic
Henk Sneevliet's radical socialist RSAP party has been elected with a majority by the Assembly as the new government. A new socialist republic is likely to be formed, with less of the overt posturing of the hard-left syndicalists and reactionary-style backsliding of the SDAP.
Social Democracy
Shocking many of those present in the Assembly, it appears that the Volksraad elected was indeed that of the moderate SDAP under Willem Albarda. It appears that, for the other more militant factions of the revolution, allowing the SDAP to take part in the elections proved to be a serious mistake.
Dutch Militias
The way forward for our armed forces is the recruitment of People's Militias to help us safeguard the revolution and prevent foreign forces from crushing us before we have managed to find our feet.
Exercitiegenootschap
The revolution is far from assured. At every turn there is another threat that must be systematically eliminated to preserve what we have so far accomplished. Drawing from our history, we shall army those who are loyal to our ideals, to put down any who threat our revolution.
Revolutionary Vanguard
The revolution cannot wait; it needs to be pushed forward so workers of the world can unite under one banner. Break the chains!!!
Enshrine Leninism
The now pasted Russian Marxist revolutionary Vladimir Lenin stated that the proletariat shall rise up against their capitalist enslavers and be the vanguard of the revolution. We shall follow in this great man's footsteps.
War Syndicalism
Labour Camps
Our political and ideological foes can learn peace through labour, by soldiering for the revolution in the mines and in the camps. There, disarmed, they can pose little threat to us and can reflect on their flawed beliefs and acts.
Democratic Workplaces
All workers must have a say in the company for which they slave. No longer shall employers and reactionaries oppress those that toil for them - without representation at least.
Socialist Economic Planning
With the ability to now plan the economy to that of the worker will allow the government to dictate development with them in mind first, and not profit.
Mixed Economy
Under the [HOL.GetRulingParty], private and state ran companies work in tandem, to ensure that the workers, and the reactionaries are put first.
Proletarian Humanism
The [HOL.getrulingparty] supports syndicalism being introduced to [HOL.getname] at the pace of a sloth. They view men being different to the natural order of things, and as such should be treated so.
Industrial Syndicalism
The Netherlands, thanks to the exploitation of the worker, and their colonial slaves, has become a centre of industrialisation. Now with the proletariat in charge, we are able to right the wrongs of the Capitalist and ensure the rights of the worker is put first.
Factory Towns
To ensure the protection of the worker against the counter-reactionaries, we must ensure they are safe in their towns. Even if that means they cannot leave, especially those with a German background...
Mass Collectivisation
A key part of our economic doctrine is the collectivisation of agriculture and industry, lumping smaller entities under a larger and more efficient centre.
Review Union Laws
We must take note from [FRA.getname] who were at one point at the mercy of their own Unions, who has been directing the economy, via dishonesty, and near capitalist means. We will tighten our measures to ensure this does not occur within our small nation.
Rebuilding the Bureaucracy
The stain of the previous administration will take years to completely remove. Though we make steps to purge ourselves of their capitalist bureaucracy and replace it with one that cares for the worker.
Verzorgingsstaat
The least we owe our people is a well-managed and properly functioning Welfare State, one that is palatable to both socialists and conservatives alike.
Union Liberty Constitution
Formalising the new political order of our nation with a formal constitution would alleviate the concerns of many, more conservative Dutchmen as well as legitimise our executive in its new role.
Market Syndicalism
Just because there is a new leftist order in Holland doesn't mean that we should cast aside all of our old trappings. After all, the markets incentivise workers in many fields, including construction.
Finish the National Assembly
With a number of substantial reforms instigated and proposals outlined, the Assembly now appears to be drawing to a relatively close, its primary purpose served. It has been invaluable in drawing our new socio-political system together and so its legacy will live on.
Reijnders' Putsch
In an absolutely shocking turn of events, the head of the Dutch army, Izaak Reijnders launched a military coup d'état in Amsterdam, stating that the nation was in danger of falling to dangerous syndicalist subversives. Holland's destiny is, for now, uncertain.
VNH Electoral Victory
The VNH have won an astounding victory in the recent elections, supplanting the conservative CNA, and plunging the nation into uncertainty. What the new government will do is, yet, uncertain.
CNA's Gamble Pays Off
The ruling CNA has managed to score yet another electoral victory, continuing its unopposed rule of the nation. All the same, its majority has shrunk, and it may have to find a coalition partner to continue with the authority and mandate it once had. Still, the status quo remains - for now.
Consolidate the Junta
With the putsch having been a complete success, it is now incumbent on the powers that be to formalise their rule. By consolidating the members of the new provisional military junta in charge of the Netherlands, some much needed stability will be granted to a weary nation.
Intimidate Parliament
The new status quo cannot be guaranteed without Parliament being bullied into handing over emergency powers. Such measures might be unpleasant, but they are necessary to stave off syndicalist revolt.
Alliance of the Right
Holland's problems cannot be solved by one party alone. There must be unity in purpose between nationalists and conservatives if this nation is to be saved from the dangers of radical thinking.
CNA Rules Alone
We do not need any other. Holland has only one guiding hand, and it will continue to preserve society until its dying breath, God willing.
Work With the LSP
If we have to work with others, then we could do no worse than the market liberal LSP. While our beliefs are primarily social, theirs tend to stress economic concerns. It is a compromise that does not pose too many problems, at least in comparison to our other 'choices'.
Declare Martial Law
If we are to safeguard the new regime then it is imperative that we begin crackdowns immediately and demonstrate our resolve to solve the nation's political crisis. By declaring martial law in Europe, we will be able to make clear our determination to save Holland from itself.
Rebuild the Binnenhof
The Binnenhof is a near-sacred institution in the Netherlands, and the arson that destroyed it to many represents a clear symbol of the decay of our state and its slide into political madness. By rebuilding it we might send a widespread signal of what we hope to achieve for the future.
The Red Scare
The threat that the forces of socialism and treacherous syndicalism poses to our way of life cannot be underestimated. It is time that we begin making this clear to the people, if they have not already grasped a fact as basic and immutable as gravity itself.
Amend the Ambtenarenverbod
The civil service ban has proven to be insufficient for protecting our fragile political system from subversion. By amending the legislation behind it to weigh it further in our favour, we can weaken the grasp of leftist groups over the apparatus of state.
Subvert the Legal System
Dangerous times call for desperate measures. Though it pains the conservative element in our government dearly, it is vital that government influence over the nation's legal system and judiciary be extended to allow us to tackle the threats facing us.
Dissolve the Landwacht
The Landwacht are aligned with VNH nationalist interests against the state, and so they must be put down - by force if necessary. The only paramilitaries that can be allowed to operate in Holland are our own.
Syndicalist Crackdown
Our nation has allowed those that seek to do it harm to wander its streets unmolested for years. This sad situation must end if we are to preserve the independence of Holland in the face of despicable Red forces arrayed against us in the south and west.
Break up the Socialist Pillar
While the Socialist pillar has until now been a mostly tolerable focal point for more legitimate and less violent dissent against conservative rule of Holland, it poses a threat that goes far beyond the sum of its parts. The institutions such as the trade unions could hide syndicalist sympathisers, and this is intolerable.
Compulsory Anthem in Schools
As part of a wider systematic policy to encourage nationalist fervour in the country in the face of leftist opposition, a proposal has been put forward of some interest; ensure that the national anthem, the Het Wilhelmus, is compulsory in school classrooms.
New Flag Protocol
One simple manner by which we can rekindle the spark of Dutch pride in our countrymen is to codify a new flag protocol. New rules governing how to treat the national flag, including its waving, its treatment and criminal penalties for mistreatment, would all be cheap yet popular.
Nationalist Renaissance
It doesn't take much to make a Dutchman love their country, it is an easy land to love after all. All the same, it is impressive how fast a few simple policies have managed to unite vast numbers of people around our country's political future.
The Queen's Speech
While Her Majesty has mostly sought to stay clear of politics in recent months, befitting her position and royal dignity, it has increasingly become clear that the new regime is here to stay and as such it appears that she may soon publicly announce her tacit support for it, at least for the moment.
Establish Secret Police
The current state security apparatus is insufficient for our needs, that much is clear. By establishing an entirely new branch of the police, linked with intelligence and military divisions, we can help preserve Holland's stability.
Formalise Anti-Socialist Laws
Now that the flames of socialism that threatened to burn down all of the Netherlands have been finally stamped out it's time to put our defences against the red tide into official law. No longer shall our home be under threat from internal dissidents!
Attempt to Legitimise the Landwacht
The Landwacht has an image problem, that much is obvious. However, if we attempt to portray them as citizen guards and drill that message into the populace enough, it may just be enough to cover up their glaring flaws. Reforming them as an organisation will have to come later.
Outlaw Trade Unions
The trade unions, those bastions of syndicalist ideology, pose an existential threat to our nation. By bringing in legislation that challenges the power of the trade unions enough to essentially consign them to history, we can end their despicable influence.
Defending the Revolution
As a syndicalist nation in Europe it is vital that we play our part in the struggle for the working class. To do otherwise would be a gross dereliction of our duty.
Men from R.E.D
The Men from R.E.D 'Revolutionary Exportation Directory' have been working from the shadows for years, evading the capitalists' GS III agency, and assisting with the revolution. Now that the Proletariat have arisen, they have switched roles to assist us in rebuilding the Nederlander Volksleger (NV).
Prepare the Inundation Lines
Ever since our independence war against the Spanish in the 16th century, inundation, or intentional flooding of the land, has been an integral part of our defences. Properly prepared, it will surely save us again: we have yet to see a tank that can cross water.
Red Sky Initiative
Though we are a nation of traders, and builders, our population is much smaller than those that are at the gates. We shall use shells not men to keep the enemies back, with our proud worker providing them at a steady pace.
Smash the Pillars of Capitalisms
British Pantser Designs
A gap has been left in our army in the execution of armoured warfare tactics, and tank designs. Though with British designs, and Dutch ingenuity, we the Dutch are seeking to bridge this gap.
A New Navy
Class Traitors, Reactionaries, Verraders. These are the names given to those who serve in Burgerlijk fleet, who are now cowering in [DEI.Getname]. They have left us with nothing, though we shall rebuild...
A New Direction
Though we lack a fleet, we have the facilities to build more. Though building Battleships, or Dreadnoughts is not within our means, a new direction has been sort.
Radical Approach
The cost benefit analysis to build new Battleships, and Pantserschip has shown that they are outdated as they leave the shipwrights. A bold, new radical approach would see \
De Rode Vesting
Reversing the defensive plans by Winkelman, will have our forts face the Germans, and not our comrades.
The People's Army
We have removed our Burgerlijk officers, and those that sympathetic to their cause. We are now truly now an army for the people.
Rocket Development
Furthering our Red Sky Initiative - Rockets and similar ordnance are being researched and constructed to rain down upon our enemies.
Volk Luchtmacht
With many of our previous members of the Luchtmacht leaving, like our navy, we have been forced to start from scratch. Our only saving grace is they left the planes behind for us...
Paratroepen
Brute force isn't required against our enemy, but precision, which our newly formed Paratroopers can provide.
Arms of the Proletariat
British arms are finding their way into the hands of Dutch Proletariat, who will drive the Prussians back.
Smash the Pillars of Capitalisms
As we smashed the pillars within our society, we must smash the pillars of capitalism. With our new arsenal, we shall do just that.
De Bataafse Revolutie
Our history is rife with the Germans, and all the forms they take, attempting to rob us of our freedom. We shall ensure the Dutch Proletariat is aware of these facts, regardless how \
CS 6
The CS 6 was formed under the auspices of R.E.D agents, with the origin of its name lost. Its goal is to help preserve syndicalist ideology within [HOL.getname].. by any means
Batavian Committee of Science
By nationalising the assets of research companies and placing them under the oversight of one committee by, for and with the people, we will be able to conduct research far more efficiently.
Exploit Royalist Sentiment
With the Queen's backing, our junta has been given the modicum of legitimacy that it needed to bring a number of undecided moderates over to our way of thinking. Now increasingly viewed as the saviours of a troubled nation, our position is becoming far safer.
The Order of Oranje Nassau
The chivalric Order of Orange-Nassau exists to reward those that give their all to the Dutch people, either on the battlefield or in the civilian sphere. With the support of the monarchy, we can begin to use the order for our own political and military ends.
Permanent Stability
It has become clear to all that there is no way that the people can be left to their own devices. Inevitably populist figures on the left and right will rise to hijack their passions and fears, plunging the nation into chaos. There is only one rational path forwards - an end to elections.
Restore Democracy
The dangers of syndicalism and populism have been averted. There is no more need for a reactionary junta and the time has come to restore democratic rule to the Netherlands.
VNH Crackdown
While the Landwacht has been suppressed, its insidious paymasters in the VNH still remain active in the country. It is not only leftist groups that pose a threat to our country, but nationalist groups too.
Zonderlinge Zaterdag
VNH's reforms have been effective so far, and the country is recovering to some extent, both politically and economically. All the same, the events of 'Strange Saturday' might put an end to all previous notions of stability.
Staatsvakbond
The Dutch people have a newfound sense of pride, however with the loss of traditional pillars and outlets such as the unions, their anger and zeal might be directed our way. By instituting new state-led trade unions, we can diffuse and disarm these feelings, and potentially redirect them towards our enemies.
Voor Leider en Vaderland!
The cry goes out, 'for leader and fatherland!'. It booms from the rafters of the highest Amsterdam tower to the base of its lowest canal. Our new order is finally ready, and we are on the march. Voor Leider. Voor Vaderland.
Tighten the Ambtenarenverbod
The civil service ban has been insufficient in its goal of stemming the tide of extremist influence within our government and administration. We must legislate to make it more effective at snuffing out dangerous ideologies.
Entrench Pillarisation
The pillars are the foundation upon which Dutch society stands. Without them there can be no stability. At every opportunity we must embrace and bolster our cultural and democratic institutions.
Ban Paramilitary Groups
On both the left and right paramilitaries such as the Red Front and Landwacht have caused us disconcerting amounts of problems. This will end. Now.
Support the Pillars
We have begun implementing substantive acts and proposals intended to bolster the traditional pillars of Dutch society, for example through incentivising church attendance and encouraging Dutch footballers to travel for games overseas to the adulation of radio listeners.
Suppress the Paramilitaries
While we have implemented law banning paramilitary organisations, the time has come to truly enforce them. By cracking down hard on these undemocratic groups, we will strike a blow that will send the radicals scurrying back to their foreign paymasters. The security of the Netherlands depends on it.
The Pillars Preserved
Our efforts to inspire confidence in the traditional pillars have not gone unnoticed, and increasingly members of the public are coming to recognise the righteousness of our intervention in otherwise off-limit cultural and social affairs. Our actions are paying off.
NAS Dissolution
Outlawing the primary syndicalist party in the Netherlands is critical if our efforts are to have any chance of succeeding. Inspired by Communard French demagogues, this movement is a menace to all Dutch society.
Outlaw the RSAP
While the radical socialists are not quite as dangerous as other, more extreme left-wing groups, they are a danger to society. Their programmes and manifesto are persuasive to a number of lower-class workers and intellectuals, making them a key target.
Ban the Patriotten
The Patriotten are a virulent disease, the likes of which the Netherlands hasn't seen for many years. It is so radical that it poses as much as threat to other syndicalist ideologies as our own. Self-destructive impulses aside, we must suppress such groups.
Ban the VNH
With the left pushed underground, it becomes increasingly important that we crush the far-right threat in this country once and for all. The VNH's more extreme elements turn an otherwise palatable group into a potential danger to the nation, and as such they must be brought down by law.
Launch Underground Raids
With many extremist groups forced underground, that leaves them with only one remaining place for us to target. We will launch a major police operation and bring down the remnants of these hateful groups, no matter the cost.
Stable Once More!
It has been a hard road, but with our serious ideological opposition now consigned to prison cells, foreign shores or an early grave, perhaps now the Netherlands might be able to rest easy.
Negotiate with the Left
If we are to ensure that politics in the Netherlands remains relatively unbesmirched by extremism, it is important that we consider negotiating with some of the more moderate elements of the left to ensure stability.
Limited Welfare
A number of limited welfare reforms and incentives might just be enough to get the leftist groups on side. The question is whether or not they are acceptable to all involved.
Restrict the Red Front
The left-wing Red Front paramilitaries pose a serious threat to civil order in our nation. We must demand some level of action be taken on them.
De-Facto Recognition of Syndicalists
A number of leftists regularly demand that we recognise syndicalist regimes such as that of the Commune of France. While de-jure recognition is unpalatable to many rightist groups, if not totally out of the question, perhaps token recognition could be proposed.
Limit the NAS
It is vital that we demand that at least some measures be taken against the NAS, a union of orthodox syndicalists that have the most moral legitimacy of most hard-left groups in the country. The question is, how far should we go in our demands?
Protection from the Landwacht
The Landwacht are a distinctly nationalist group of paramilitaries that regularly cause serious harm to left-wing activists and street marchers. No doubt the negotiations will centre on us assisting the leftists against them in some manner.
Minimise Socialist Influence
One area that is critical for us is to limit the power of the radical socialist RSAP, the only hard-left group with parliamentary representation. They have a been a major thorn in our side, and so the negotiations would be a good chance of removing them.
Negotiations Succeeded!
Our willingness to concede on a few points, and the surprising willingness of our political rivals to come to terms, means that the negotiations have proven to be a relative success for all involved.
Cordon Sanitaire Against the Right
With the power of the leftists limited to a reasonable extent by our negotiations, it is time for us to unite against the forces of far-right extremism within the Netherlands.
Dutch Democracy is Saved!
After months of brutal negotiations it appears that some level of stability is finally returning to Dutch politics.
Negotiate with the Right
Though it might not be an ideal situation, we would be best placed to negotiate with less extremist elements of the nationalist VNH movement in order to bring some measure of peace to Dutch politics.
Limit Landwacht Activities
A key part of the deal rests on the Landwacht, the right-wing VNH paramilitary group responsible for breaking leftist skulls in recent street marches. While we could demand that they be dissolved, pushing the point too hard might alienate even some relatively moderate VNH members.
Curtail Union Rights
If there is one thing that we can all agree on, it is that the threat posed by syndicalism and its trade union backers is existential. However, the VNH's demands that we seriously damage them might prove to be destabilising anathema to the Dutch working class.
Reduce Military Influence
A number of senior army figures are public members of the VNH, even if less politically noxious than others. All the same, we must make limiting the VNH's influence on our armed forces contingent on any deal we sign with them. We cannot allow the risk of a coup.
Lower Tariffs
The VNH has demanded that we lower economic tariffs on imported goods, somewhat contrary to their nationalist leanings. While doing so might gain their support, it may prove to be unpopular with the people once cheap goods flood onto the market undercutting local businesses.
Limit Populist Parties
One demand that we must make of the VNH is to consider their position on allowing constant party rallies. At these rallies, a number of young Dutchmen are being radicalised by more extremist elements within the VNH.
Nationalise German Assets
Unbelievably, one of the VNH's demands is that we seize German property in the country. Though this might be incredibly dangerous, the VNH have made it a major demand, and as such we cannot simply ignore it.
Negotiations Succeeded!
It appears that the more moderate wing of the VNH were not so unreasonable after all. With their support in neutralising the threat from the far-right elements within the nationalist movement, we can now turn our attention to promoting peace throughout the Dutch political system.
Cordon Sanitaire Against the Left
It is all in place now. With support from moderate and right groups, we can stem the malign influence of radical left groups within our proud nation. It seems that finally the Netherlands will be stable once more.
The Dutch Army
The Netherlands does not need anyone to tell them about how to manage an effective military. All the same, with the fell winds of conflict on the horizon, it is important that we give greater thought to the long-term future of our army.
Expand the GS III
Third Department of the General Staff was established during the early days of the Weltkrieg. Its goal was to ensure monitor both the Central Powers, or the Entente, to provide insight in the goings-on, and to ensure no ill will was to be directed at the Netherlands. Now with Radicalism on the rise, the GS III has been called on again to defend the Netherlands from enemies that are both foreign and domestic...
Koninklijke Militaire Academie
The Royal Military Academy (KMA) has been supplying the Army, and the Marechaussee (National Police) with fresh commissioned officers since 1828. With the Weltkrieg over, and with many officers on both sides of the conflict now retiring. We should seek them to impart their knowledge, and experiences on our cadets, to better them.
Focus on Defence
Our land is a brutal morass, a place of swamps, marshes and sturdy men. By playing to the Netherlands' strengths, we shall make our enemies bleed for every inch they take.
Expand the Artillerie Inrichtingen
The Koninklijke Artillerie Inrichtingen are vital for our army. We need to reopen production lines so we can start replacing our old equipment with modern materiel.
New Anti-Tank Guns
If we are to hold out against a superior foe, we need weapons capable of penetrating even the mightiest of Panzers. We must invest into anti-tank weaponry and its research.
Artillery Modernisation
Our defensive measures have no use if we have no big guns to back them up. And these guns from the 19th century we have now will make nice museum pieces.
Anti-Aircraft Guns
We cannot hope to match the superpowers in terms of aerial capabilities. We must invest in a network of defensive gun emplacements and flak towers.
Reinforce the Vesting Holland
Our defences should hold, but it would be foolish of us to hope that in their current state they would prove effective enough against invading armies. Further investment into our fortifications is paramount.
Study Defence Plans
As a small coastal nation, we have always anticipated attack from the sea, but new threats on the global stage are forcing us to deal with potential land invasions as well. We need to make better plans for the defence of the Netherlands.
Mobilisation Preparations
Revisiting our mobilisation timetables and preparations will allow us to be ready for war should the need arise.
Regiment Stoottroepen
The infiltration tactics used by the German army in the Weltkrieg, have made their way into the Dutch army with the expansion of a shock troop regiment.
Rifles and Boots
Our infantrymen are the bedrock on which our army is based. We must give them all of the support we can so that they aren't forced to march into battle with little more than broomsticks and sandals.
A Mobile Army
Our flat land makes mechanised and armoured divisions a no-brainer. By investing further into this area and applying new military doctrine to our army, the Netherlands can become a force to be reckoned with.
The Gemotorizeerde Huzaren
While once horses were the choice of the cavalrymen of their day, we need new vehicles for a new breed of hussars to bring death to our enemies.
Bicycles For our Soldiers
We Dutch are famed for our bicycles. They grant the user a surprising level of mobility and have served our armies well for years. We need more. Many more.
Pantserkorps Formation
The people like to see that we are spending their tax money in new fields. By publicly demonstrating our resolve to form a new armoured force, we might just be able to win some kudos.
Korps Pioniers
The Pioneer Corps are the jewel in our military crown. All the same, we must invest further time and energy into these men, if we are to make the most advantage from their talents.
Integrated Recon Battalions
More important than being able to fight, is knowing where your enemy is before they detect you. By integrating recon companies into our divisions, we shall give our forces a crucial edge.
Pantrado M39 Armoured Cars
Armoured Cars are a cheap and efficient way of scouting the battlefield and providing cheap transport for our troops. We need to extend our research into the design and production of better models.
van Doorne's Aanhangwagen Fabriek
DAF Trucks are a vital part of an economy based on exports and have recently won a military contract to further expand the M39 fleet.
Genietroepen
The more moving parts in our Army, the more military engineers are required to keep it moving forward... or rolling in some cases.
Integrated Support Elements
With the integration of support elements, our forces can thurst deeper into enemy territory.
Study Mobile Tactics
We are now starting to get all this new and expensive machinery, but we have no experience actually using it! We should study the usage of mobile truck divisions and tanks otherwise it is all for nothing.
Braat Overvalwagen
Developed in the Dutch East Indies, the Braat Overvalwagen is cheap enough to make armoured personnel carrier. We can consider adopting this design for the mainland army as well.
Prepare the Inundation Lines
Ever since our independence war against the Spanish in the 16th century, inundation, or intentional flooding of the land, has been an integral part of our defences. Properly prepared, it will surely save us again: we have yet to see a tank that can cross water.
The Dutch Navy
As we move into an era beyond the Weltkrieg, we will need to decide how our navy develops. There are multiple plans on the table, we will have to evaluate each one and decide on the best.
Vlootplan Furstner
We must radically alter our navy's composition. It is being made increasingly clear that battleships are being made redundant by the ever-improving potency of the airplane. We need to expand on our existing carrier and her capabilities, and if possible, acquire more naval airpower!
Gateway to Europe
Our ports have always seen the goods of the world flow through it, and onto mainland Europe. We shall expand upon our ports and drydocks in [36.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to further expand our capital.
Koninklijke de Schelde
The area around Vlissingen is perfect for our new shipyard expansion. First built in 1875, it has traditionally focused on repair and resupply, but it's high time we made it into a large construction area as well.
Escort Destroyer
Our carrier and other capital ships are slow lumbering targets and can easily be torpedoed if left unguarded. We need to ensure that our destroyers are up for that task.
Anti-Aircraft Light Cruiser
We need ships to shoot enemy planes out of the skies to protect our fleet. A cruiser sized design is perfect for that. We can specialise our future cruiser designs to have less guns pointing at the sea, and more into the skies!
Carrier Tactics
We have a carrier force, but never properly studied how to use them effectively. We should remedy this at once.
The Gouden Leeuw
The HrMs Gouden Leeuw is truly the pride of our navy. The lone carrier gives us a massive boost in our capabilities, but other navies have more and bigger carriers than her. We can press her to the limit and try to get more planes in the hangar, or we can attempt to get a new one!
Vlootplan Helfrich
We simply do not possess the means to compete with Japan or any other major navy on the surface waters, hence Admiral Helfrich proposes that we outfit our navy with the ships we can also build best, submarines, and harass enemy mercantile shipping and troop transports while we protect our own!
Anti-Submarine Destroyer
By far the greatest danger to our merchant fleet is not via the air, nor the few odd commerce raiders about, but hiding underwater until it might be too late to act. We thus must outfit our destroyers with the latest Anti-Submarine equipment to deal with this threat.
Flotilla Leader
Large ships are expensive, and we shall never be able to build enough for our needs. It thus has been proposed to build a new class of ship, the 'flotilla leader'. Either a small cruiser or a large destroyer in size and thus comparatively cheap, packed with enough firepower to destroy enemy fast surface raiders and dangers lurking under water.
Convoy Sailing
Properly organising our vulnerable transport ships with escort ships able to defend them from harm ensures they have a better chance of arriving at their destination.
Rotterdamsche Droogdok Maatschappij
The Rotterdamsche Droogdok Maatschappij has a dedicated submarine wharf which host talented engineers to provide us with the latest submarine designs and innovations. Furthermore, smaller surface ships can also be built at the shipyard, giving us exactly the ships we need... and can afford.
O Class Submarines
Our submarines are going to be designed mainly for operation in the Atlantic. We need them to be stealthy and hit hard to be able to compete with naval powers like Germany, the Commune of France, and the Union of Britain.
K Class colonial submarines
Our empire stretches far, so our submarines need to reach far. We thus need replacement for our ageing colonial submarines, and we need more of them!
Ship a Day Tactics
Our submarines are high in quality, but low in quantity compared to other major seafaring nations. We thus must use each one at its fullest. Admiral Helfrich intends to push every submarine and crew to its limits by aggressively sailing out, and by using unconventional tactics as diving into enemy harbours and torpedoing everything in sight.
Wolfpack
Our submarines should form small groups so they can pick of multiple targets. Should this 'wolfpack' be detected though, this could also mean that multiple submarines cannot escape safely...
Independent Operations
Our submarines should always operate separately in a spread-out manner. This reduces the damage potential of a successful raid, but also makes them harder to detect and might force the enemy to spread-out.
Vlootplan Doorman
The navy is crucial for our survival, and we will need all the firepower we can get. Having an assortment of smaller ships and outdated cruisers will not be enough, we must invest into proper cruisers and our battleship force.
Wilton Fijenoord
The NV Dok en Werf Maatschappij Wilton-Fijenoord is in Schiedam, west of Rotterdam. With its origins tracing back to the first half of the 19th century and was the first Dutch shipbuilding company to use steamer turbines. It is responsible for building most of the Dutch cruisers, as well as some destroyers and submarines.
Kijkduin Class Cruisers
Our previous cruiser designs are either old or just outgunned and too thinly armoured. It is time the Dutch navy gets some truly modern cruisers to form the backbone of the navy.
A New Pantserschip
Our old armoured cruisers are either rusting away at the docks or converted to other uses. We can study reviving this type of ship as they can be used as capable coastal defence ships or cruiser killers, or simply as a cheaper alternative to expensive battleships.
Our Battleships
Our five Battleships were constructed during the 1920s. While we lack the knowledge to build such majestic ships from the ground up, we can refit them to improve their capabilities, or ask German ship wharfs to come up with new designs for us.
Capital Ship Training
The new large-scale ships we are building will necessitate a lot of new training for the crew, and there are a lot of crew as well! We need to implement a new training regimen for all the new sailors needed by this large ocean-spanning fleet.
The Dutch Air Force
Airpower has already shown to be useful in the Weltkrieg, and we can only anticipate its need increasing. We need to lay a firm foundation for airpower in the Netherlands to keep up with foreign enemies.
KMA Luchtvaartacademie
The Air Force is still lacking an organised education system for pilots and officers alike. By setting up the Luchtvaartacademie (Air Academy) within the Royal Military Academy we can improve the tactical operations of the air force considerably.
Gilze-Rijen Air Base
The LVA only has one proper airbase for military use, Airbase Soesterberg. Although centrally located, storing all our airplanes is not ideal. Developing the already existing airstrip at Gilze-Rijen will give our air force an additional base.
Koolhoven
Koolhoven Vliegtuigen Fabriek N.V. situated in Rotterdam, has delivered some smaller airplane types for our air force in the past, mostly trainer planes. However, Koolhoven shows potential, and we can consider giving them a chance to supply our air force with much needed modern planes.
Koolhoven Fighters
As we have opted for Koolhoven as our chief designer for the air force, we should start with replacing our antiquated fighter force with new planes from Koolhoven.
Koolhoven Naval Bombers
Airplanes with torpedoes attached are the bane of any ship, especially the big and lumbering ones. Koolhoven has a rough concept of a promising twin-engine naval bomber design, which are perfect for patrolling near the coast for enemy shipping.
Fokker
Fokker, situated in Amsterdam, has long been a dominant force in the civil aviation market. We should take the designs and adopt them for military use, lending our fighter craft extended range, agility, and firepower.
Fokker Fighters
The Fokker D.XVII forms the bulk of our fighter squadrons, and it has served well as a sturdy and agile machine. Now it is time for a replacement suitable for our needs, and who can do that better than Fokker!
Fokker Jachtkruisers
A twin-engine fighter might not be as fast and nimble, yet the proposed 'Jachtkruisers' by Fokker carry a deadly pack of machineguns, have a much longer range and can potentially be equipped with a bomb load of their own, making them versatile planes.
Finish Ontwerp 115 Bomber
Fokker has design plans in an advanced stage for a true four-four-engine bomber. We can order a prototype to be built and then see if we will actually build this behemoth for our air force.
A New Bomber
The LVA needs a new bomber as those in service are not particularly modern, or even useful. However, but we lack the capacity to have multiple types and should pick one suitable for our needs. Quick and nimble close air support planes, or continue with the Luchtkruiser twin-engine bomber concept?
Huisje-Boompje-Beestje Tactics
By flying very low, our relatively slow bombers are considerably harder to detect and thus have a higher chance to reach their target. Unless they hit a tree of course...
Luchtkruiser Tactics
Our twin-engine planes are not just simple bombers, with their 20mm cannon installed in the nose installed they are like the cruisers of the air! They might not be fast, but can be a serious threat to other bombers, as well as enemy fighters who decide to attack them frontally!
Carrier Plane Variants
The Gouden Leeuw is useless without proper planes, and she is starting to become so with her biplanes in her hanger. Koolhoven has offered us some designs which can be quickly adopted for carrier usage.
Negotiations with the leftists failed
Negotiations with the rightists failed
The Binnenhof was burned down
Friendship with Belgium
Patriotten
Patriotten
RSAP
Revolutionair-Socialistische Arbeiderspartij
NAS
Nationaal Arbeids-Secretariaat
SDAP
Sociaal-Democratische Arbeiderspartij
VDB
Vrijzinnig Democratische Bond
LSP
Liberale Staatspartij
ARP
Anti-Revolutionaire Partij
Military Junta
Military Junta
Military Junta
VNH
Verbond voor Nationaal Herstel
VNH Extremists
Verbond voor Nationaal Herstel
Lijst Links
Lijst Links
Lijst Links
Lijst Links
Coalitie CNA-VNH
Coalitie CNA-VNH
Coalitie CNA-VNH
Coalitie CNA-VNH
CNA
Christelijke Nationale Alliantie
RvS
Raad van State
PvdA
Right-wing Faction in the Partij van de Arbeid
Left-wing Faction in the Partij van de Arbeid
PvdV
Partij van de Vrijheid
VVD
Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie
Progressive wing of the LSP
Conservative wing of the LSP
Conservative wing of the LSP
Red Front
Nationale Rode Front
CHU
Christelijk-Historische Unie
RKSP
Rooms-Katholieke Staatspartij
KAPN
Kommunistische Arbeiderspartij van Nederland
SDAP
PvdA
While preserving neutrality in Europe, the Netherlands faced all the fiercer challenges in their colonies. The Indonesian Independence movement grows bolder by the day, and the grand days of the Dutch Navy are long gone. And even in Europe, things could be better; the Netherlands has always had a special relationship with Germany, particularly economically - which means the rising economic problems in Germany could extend to the Low Countries. And all of this comes at a time in which a rising number of the Dutch people falter over French syndicalism or the dreams of a Greater Netherlands...
GFX_HOL_intro
The Netherlands in 1936
The Netherlands was one of the few countries in Europe to preserve its neutrality in the Weltkrieg, despite discussions about joining the war on the side of Germany. Though the Netherlands profited greatly from the post-Weltkrieg economic boom, a considerable part of its economy is now in German hands, with large-scale investments held by German companies.\n\nFurthermore, leftist ideas have been gaining serious traction in the Netherlands ever since the fall of France and Britain to Syndicalism in the 1920s, with reactionary ideologies also gaining momentum. Dutch democracy will surely be tested by rising global tensions and any collapse in the nation's economic prosperity.
§MCNA§! - §MMajority§! / §MLSP Coalition§! / §MVNH Coalition§! ($social_conservative_coloured$)\nElect the CNA:\n£white_dot Alone; and our government will lose its minor majority and new elections will be held, if we choose to continue the CNA rule, we will be forced to ally with the §mLSP§! (and have to negotiate with the right) or the §PVNH§!.\n£white_dot In a coalition with the §mLSP§!, we will have to choose negotiate with the left or right.\n£white_dot In a coalition with the §PVNH§!.\n\n£white_dot In all of these, around the end of February 1938, a fire at the Binnenhof will occur, choose to keep the calm, have the police intervene in the anti-syndicalist riots and don't allow the Landwacht to recruit.\n\n§MSDAP§! - §MVDB Coalition§! / §MQueen Juliana§! / §MRepublic§! ($social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$)\nEither:\n£white_dot Elect Lijst Links and form a coalition with the §lVDB§!.\n£white_dot Elect Lijst Links and form a coalition with the §RRSAP§!, and have Juliana crowned.\n£white_dot Elect Lijst Links and form a coalition with the §RRSAP§!, and declare a republic.\n\n§MBatavian Commune§! ($syndicalist_coloured$ / $radical_socialist_coloured$ / $totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot After electing Lijst Links, forming a coalition with the §RRSAP§! and declaring a republic, take the focus \
Construction work on the defensive lines defending Holland shall begin and will take two years.
With the groundwork done for the larger fortifications, we expect to have the lines operation in less than a year.
§YStabilised your government by completing one of the political focus branches.§!
You elect not to touch your small neighbour.
The SDAP will be part of the Third National Assembly after the election.
The SDAP will not be part of the Third National Assembly after the election.
§RDespite our best efforts, the trade mission has been refused by all potential countries§!.
We will have to assign some factories on welfare if the deal succeeds.
We will have to assign several factories on welfare if the deal succeeds.
We will have to make a deal with the communards to build a diplomatic mission if the deal succeeds.
We will have to make a deal with the communards to build a diplomatic mission for the world to see if the deal succeeds.
We will have to assign some 2000 men to protect syndicalists from the far right if the deal succeeds.
We will have to assign some 4000 men to protect syndicalists from the far right if the deal succeeds.
The Red Front will have to disband, positively impacting our stability if the deal succeeds.
The Red Front will have to restrain itself, positively impacting our stability slightly if the deal succeeds.
The NAS will have to disband, severely limiting the political influence of orthodox syndicalism within our nation if the deal succeeds.
The NAS will have to merge with the NVV, severely limiting the political influence of orthodox syndicalism within our nation but with trickle back to social democracy if the deal succeeds.
The RSAP will have to disband, severely limiting the political influence of radical socialism within our nation if the deal succeeds.
The RSAP will be subjected to limits, partially limiting the political influence of radical socialism within our nation if the deal succeeds.
The Landwacht will have to disband, positively impacting our stability if the deal succeeds.
The Landwacht will have to restrain itself, positively impacting our stability slightly if the deal succeeds.
The VNH will abandon its contacts in the military, severely impacting the political influence of paternal autocracy within our nation if the deal succeeds.
The VNH will limit its contacts in the military, partially impacting the political influence of paternal autocracy within our nation if the deal succeeds.
The VNH will have to stop holding large-scale rallies, severely impacting the political influence of national populism within our nation if the deal succeeds.
The VNH will have to limit its large-scale rallies, partially impacting the political influence of national populism within our nation if the deal succeeds.
Unions can be forbidden to hold a strike, the unpopularity of such measure will impact the instability of our nation slightly if the deal succeeds.
Unions will be banned, the unpopularity of such measure will impact the instability of our nation a lot if the deal succeeds.
We will institute some tariffs, which will hamper our ability to trade with other nations if the deal succeeds.
We will institute a lot of tariffs, which will seriously hamper our ability to trade with other nations if the deal succeeds.
We will nationalise some German assets in the country, which could potentially result in a diplomatic row with Germany.
We will nationalise most German assets in the country, which will probably lead to a diplomatic row with Germany.
The VNH declares our deal void as we didn't hold up our end of the deal.
The syndicalists declare our deal void as we didn't hold up our end of the deal.
§RThe legislative Third National Assembly will elect an executive Volksraad over the course of 105 days from the candidates of the different factions!§!
These allow for the §YFlooding§! and §YDraining§! of certain provinces surrounding Fortress Holland, giving defensive bonuses.\n
Merges selected $syndicalist_coloured$ ideas.
§RRestoring Democracy will mean forfeiting national spirits gained from this path!§!
Nationalised Citizens' Property
Allowed Raid on Our Embassy
Belgo-Dutch Friendship
Foreign Policy
Join the Reichspakt
Germany has steadfastly remained our best partner. With the dangers of international syndicalism on the horizon, it would be delusional to think the Netherlands could stay out of any future conflict and not at best be invaded right after. We should formally abandon our policy of neutrality and strike an alliance with the Germans.
Join the Entente
The Entente long seemed an unlikely choice for an alliance. The British struggle in South Africa ensured a negative view of the United Kingdom permeated throughout all layers of Dutch society. The world turns, however, and changing geopolitics means our stance must shift.
Join the Internationale
Now that a worker's state has come to fruition in our nation, it is time for us to formally join the international class struggle by joining the military side of the Third Internationale. The Batavian Commune shall do its part in the struggle against capitalism!
Formulate a policy on Belgium
We ought to formulate a policy on our southern neighbour: relations between the Netherlands and Belgium have historically been rocky at best since the nation seceded from our own. Is it time to open a new chapter on Belgo-Dutch relations or is it time to undo the mistakes made in the 19th century?
Research Agreement with [BEL.GetNameDef]
We can go further than simply proclaiming our friendship with [BEL.GetNameDef]. By investing in tangible benefits such as cross-border research, both of our nations can prosper.
Research Agreement with [SAF.GetNameDef]
We have historical ties with our former colony South Africa. Cooperation between our nations has been more than once proposed by both Dutch and Afrikaner - offspring of Dutch colonists in South Africa - intellectuals, and some of them like general James Hertzog have even studied here in the Netherlands. Perhaps we can leverage this situation to increase the scientific cooperation between our countries.
Demand the Handover of Flanders
It is time the Dutch-speaking population is once more united, after a century of division. The Flemish rightfully belong to the Dutch nation, and they should not be separated from the rest of us by an arbitrary border!
Inundate the Water Lines
Drain the Water Lines
Netherlands
Dutch
the Netherlands
Batavian Commune
the Batavian Commune
Batavian Commune
the Batavian Commune
Batavian Commune
the Batavian Commune
David Wijnkoop
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 11th, 1876, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Paul de Groot
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1899, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Jacques de Kadt
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 30th, 1897, in Oss, North Brabant, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Antonie Pannekoek
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 2nd, 1873, in Vaassen, Gelderland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Henk Sneevliet
§YBorn:§! §LMay 13th, 1883, in Rotterdam, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Willem Drees
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 5th, 1886, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Adriaan Henri Gerhard
§YBorn:§! §LApril 7th, 1858, in Lausanne, Vaud, Swiss Confederation§!
Roelof Kranenburg
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 8th, 1880, in Groningen, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Cornelis Lodewijk van der Bilt
§YBorn:§! §LApril 20th, 1875, in Kapelle, Zealand, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Carel Goseling
§YBorn:§! §LJune 10th, 1891, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Military Junta
§YFounded:§! §Lin the Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Henri Nicolas Alfred Swart
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 12th, 1863, in Batavia, West Java, Dutch East Indies§!
Cornelis van Geelkerken
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 19th, 1901, in Sint-Jans-Molenbeek, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Wilhelmina van Orange-Nassau
Wilhelmina
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 31st, 1880, in Noordeinde Palace, The Hague, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!\n§YBackground:§! §LInaugurated as the Netherlands' first queen after her father's death, Wilhelmina van Oranje-Nassau has ruled the Netherlands as constitutional monarchy since 1890. Her rule saw the Netherlands remaining neutral in Weltkrieg, which some view as the product of the queen's relationship with the German Kaiser, an abortive attempt at a socialist revolution in 1918, the failure of which is attributed to the queen's personal popularity, and the establishment of the Netherlands' first Catholic prime minister - much against her majesty's will.\n\nTime will tell however, whether the queen can maintain her position of a symbol of unity to the Dutch people as dark clouds start to gather at the horizon.§!
Juliana van Orange-Nassau
Juliana
§YBorn:§! §LApril 30th, 1909, in Noordeinde Palace, The Hague, Netherlands, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
States-General
§YFounded:§! §LMarch 30th, 1814, in The Hague, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Johan Willem Albarda
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1877, in Leeuwarden, Frisia, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Willem Schermerhorn
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 17th, 1894, in Haarlem, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Pieter Jacobus Oud
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 5th, 1886, in Purmerend, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Dirk Jan de Geer
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 14th, 1870, in Groningen, Groningen, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Hendrikus Colijn
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1869, in Burgerveen, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Louis Joseph Maria Beel
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1902, in Roermond, Limburg, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Louis de Visser
§YBorn:§! §LMay 21st, 1878, in Delfshaven, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Evert Kupers
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 5th, 1885, in Groningen, Groningen, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Abraham Menist
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 3rd, 1896, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Willem van Ravensteyn
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1876, in Rotterdam, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Daniel Daan Goulooze
§YBorn:§! §LApril 28th, 1901, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Nicolaas Beuzemaker
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 6th, 1902, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Servatius Protatius Baart
§YBorn:§! §LJune 8th, 1871, in Maastricht, Limburg, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
George van den Bergh
§YBorn:§! §LApril 25th, 1890, in Oss, North Brabant, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Fedde Schurer
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 25th, 1898, in Drachten, Frisia, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Johan Willem Beyen
§YBorn:§! §LMay 2nd, 1897, in Utrecht, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Jacob Adriaan Nicolaas Patijn
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1873, in Rotterdam, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Dirk Uipko Stikker
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 5th, 1897, in Winschoten, Groningen, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Jan Eduard de Quay
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 26th, 1901, in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Josephus Robertus Hendricus van Schaik
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1882, in Breda, North Brabant, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Hugo Visscher
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 12th, 1864, in Zwolle, Overijssel, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Willem Bernard Engelbrecht
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 11th, 1881, in Batavia, West Java, Dutch East Indies§!
Coenraad Alfred Augustus Haighton
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 26th, 1896, in Rotterdam, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Frederik Carel Gerretson
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1884, in Kralingen, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Jan Tinbergen
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1903, in The Hague, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Tietse Pieter Sevensma
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 22nd, 1879, in Sneek, Frisia, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Jacob van Gelderen
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 10th, 1891, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Louis Einthoven
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 30th, 1896, in Surabaya, East Java, Dutch East Indies§!
Petrus Wilhelmus Best
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 19th, 1881, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Willem Frederik Alard Hackstroh
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 20th, 1881, in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Jakob Harberts
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 10th, 1883, in The Hague, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Izaak Herman Reijnders
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 27th, 1879, in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Hendrik Alexander Seyffardt
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 1st, 1872, in Breda, North Brabant, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Gustave Statius-Muller
§YBorn:§! §LApril 23rd, 1889, in Batavia, West Java, Dutch East Indies§!
Herman van Voorst tot Voorst
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 2nd, 1886, in The Hague, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Godfried van Voorst tot Voorst
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 29th, 1880, in Kampen, Overijssel, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Jan van Andel
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1877, in Poederoijen, Gelderland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Henri Winkelman
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 17th, 1876, in Maastricht, Limburg, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Hein ter Poorten
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 21st, 1887, in Buitenzorg, West Java, Dutch East Indies§!
Gustav Adolf Ilgen
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 3rd, 1887, in Wiesbaden, Province of Hesse-Nassau, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Gerardus Johannes Berenschot
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 24th, 1887, in Solok, Sumatra, Dutch East Indies§!
Murk Boerstra
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 28th, 1883, in Sneek, Frisia, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Simon Spoor
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 12th, 1902, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Johannes Theodorus Furstner
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 18th, 1887, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Karel Doorman
§YBorn:§! §LApril 23rd, 1889, in Utrecht, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Conrad Helfrich
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 11th, 1886, in Semarang, Central Java, Dutch East Indies§!
Johannes Frans van Dulm
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1907, in Den Helder, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Maarten van Dulm
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 4th, 1879, in Arnhem, Gelderland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Willem Jan Kruys
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 13th, 1906, in Pangkalan Brandan, Sumatra, Dutch East Indies§!
Albertus Samuel Pinke
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 14th, 1894, in Heerde, Gelderland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Alfred de Booy
§YBorn:§! §LMay 29th, 1901, in Buitenzorg, West Java, Dutch East Indies§!
Ludolph Hendrik van Oyen
§YBorn:§! §LApril 25th, 1889, in The Hague, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Marius Raaijmakers
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 26th, 1886, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Floris Albert van Heyst
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 28th, 1883, in Wijk bij Duurstede, Utrecht, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Anthony Fokker
