German East Asia Focus Tree
[THIS.GermanEastAsiaGetStateTerritoryTitle]
Leased Territory
Tonkin Protectorate
Luang Prabang Protectorate
Annam Protectorate
Colony of Cochinchina
Cambodia Protectorate
Straits Settlements
Federated Malay States
[THIS.GetName] State
Kelantan & Terengganu States
Sarawak & Brunei
State of North Borneo
German New Guinea
German Samoa
German Polynesia
New Hebrides Condominium
British Western Pacific
East Asian Totalists
East Asian Totalists
Saigon Association
Saigon Radical Socialists Association
Indochinese Syndicalists
Indochinese Syndicalists
SPD Supporters
Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands
FVP
Fortschrittliche Volkspartei
NLP
Nationalliberale Partei
The Sultans League
The Sultans League
Colonial Administration
Colonial Administration
Colonial Administration
Colonial Administration
MLN
Malayan National League
§GWe will receive §Y2500§! infantry equipment from Germany.§!
Owned and controlled by §Ha German-friendly government§!
We will try to give §Y2500§! infantry equipment to the Nanjing Government, but they might refuse in a show of disobedience.
We will try to temporarily give §Y2§! military factories to the Nanjing Government, but they might refuse in a show of disobedience.
LEP has refused the lease.
[ROOT.GetName] can only send volunteers to nations in Asia or Oceania.
Sino-German Cooperation
East Asian Naval Yards
A number of dockyards in this state are under the control of the East Asian admiralty, serving their fleets.
Status of the Admiralty
With the annexation of the French Colonies and the incorporation of the British Territories, German East Asia is a colonial authority unique in its control by Grand Admiral Hellmuth von Mücke and the Ostasienflotte. We must review the status of our continuing mission to protect the colonies from outside aggressors and how best this can be achieved.
The Ostasien Force
The Ostasien Force is currently a divided mix between Ostasien marines, local garrison units and fresh recruits from Berlin. We must take stock on our approach - do we venture towards are more dedicated Marine force, or do we try something more unorthodox?
Request Arms from Berlin
We still lack reasonable military-industrial facilities, leaving us reliant on Berlin for supplies. Until we have the opportunity to establish a domestic supply we should request additional rifles from the homeland.
Modern Artillery Shipments
Our existing artillery pieces are rusted relics from even before the Weltkrieg, to better protect our colonies we should request modern pieces from Berlin.
Increased Arms Supplies
With tensions ramping up further within the region, we must bolster our standing forces even more. We shall send a request to Berlin for further equipment.
Support the Grand Fleet
The [ROOT.GetAdjective] doctrine should orientate towards supporting the Grand Fleet, gearing it towards operations where boots on the ground are needed.
Refine our Methods
Coordination is key, and we need to ensure all of our units involved in an attack know exactly where their allies and their enemies are; radios will be the key element to achieve the coordination we want, thus it's vital to invest into them more.
Naval Hutier Tactics
Though it was Colonel Georg Bruchmüller who refined the use of artillery with infiltration tactics, General Oskar von Hutier's name appeared to retain the title. However, it seems history has repeated itself with a Korvettenkapitän, Hermann Ehrhardt, assisting in fine-tuning naval shore bombardment, and again Hutier getting the credit.
East Asian Marine Detachment
If we are to secure our colonies and protect them from fanatical aggressors then we need men up to the challenge. With our final reforms complete, we will be a force to be reckoned with.
The Unorthodox Approach
Whilst the idea of recruiting the 
Reform the Garrisons
Our former local garrisons will be reformed into the nucleus of a new [GEA.GetAdjective] Heer. We must also secure training material and instructors from the Heimat, in order to adapt to the latest developments in strategy.
Local NCOs
German isn't spoken by all locals, even though it has been slowly replacing English and French. Those found able to speak German are highly sought after and are usually fast-tracked into become Non-Commissioned Officers. Plus the pay is better.
East Asian Heer
Though determination, what was a local Garrison force has been reformed into a truly modern army.
Fiscal Austerity
Long in the making, Black Monday has struck Berlin. Now, its ripples have found their way to us. We must cut back on our spending and increase our revenue immediately or suffer an enormous budgetary deficit.
A Colonial Mark
Unlike our friends in Afrika, we have never made serious efforts to encourage use of the Ostasienmark since its introduction in 1927. By requiring its use, we will increase uniformity across the colonies and improve our ability to collect revenue.
Share our Burden
Local European settlers have long benefited from our protection and have paid very little tax in exchange for the order they enjoy. But since we rely on their cooperation to run the colonies, and cannot risk antagonising them, it would be better to forge an agreement with them.
Reinforce Colonial Bureaucracy
German East Asia has never had a fully functional administration to implement its will. Now in the wake of colonial turmoil it's time to expand the bureaucracy and establish direct rule over our colonies.
Pacify Indochina
Indochina is a key part of the Deutsch-Ostasien administration and an economic centre. With the spectre of Viet Minh insurgents looming it only stands to reason that it be pacified and fortified.
Factories of [336.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
[336.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] is currently lacking any meaningful heavy industry. Certain German corporations are interested in making the jump to Asia but request our backing for their investments before they start. New factories will increase employment and stabilise the situation.
Pacify Malaya
Malaya is the shining jewel of German East-Asia and the operational centre of our entire administration, but in the wake of Black Monday it has been disturbed by violent insurgency. We should seek to introduce a system of posts, bunkers and bastions to pacify the local insurgents. This will also benefit us in the case of enemy land-based assault.
Indochinese Investments
The textile mills of Indochina cry out for further funding to expand and innovate in new garment-making techniques. Providing this funding would endear us to the locals and bring in new revenue in the long-term. This will help economic recovery and stabilisation of society.
Local Arms Foundries
Arms manufacturers within our area of jurisdiction are sorely lacking to say the least. We should invest in further developing new designs and facilities to lessen our reliance on Berlin's scraps.
Authorise Local Arms Production
Currently many of our treaties forbid the native authorities and princes from establishing arms production as a condition of our protection. With the reforms that have taken place to the basic structure of our government we have come to regard these restrictions as a hindrance and are keen to remove them.
Siamese Border Fortifications
While the Kingdom of Siam did assist the German Empire during the Weltkrieg they were not rewarded with their full territorial claims, on which we currently sit. We should fortify the border just in case they decide that weapons speak louder than words.
Lessons from Mittelafrika
Mittelafrika is our sister project of sorts, has been dealing with native discontent since its inception. We are sure to benefit in hiring Mittelafrikan advisors.
Counter-Insurgency Lessons
The Mittelafrikan colonial forces have extensive experience, hard and bloodily won, in defeating local rebels and insurgents. A more permanent military attaché, will allow the newest doctrines and tactics to be employed. Though some might criticise the implementation of 
White Phosphorus Bombs
Mittelafrikan terrain is filled with thick vegetation and jungles, because of this they have introduced a new weapon: the Flüssigbrandbombe, 'the Liquid Fire Bomb', to bomb the insurgents in the dense foliage of Africa. Its use of White phosphorus is truly breathtaking, though its effect on the enemy has been seen as quite distasteful by the more traditional members of the Admiralty.
Valkyries of the Battlefield
Due to the poor infrastructure and rough terrain in which our troops operate, we frequently have difficulty extracting wounded men, leading to deaths from wounds that would otherwise be treatable. The use of native stretcher bearers has been a god send, who know the lay of the land. They have been dubbed 
Singapur Flying Corps
Our current aerial forces are entirely comprised of our Naval Aviation detachment. We should seek to find and train additional pilots for a land based air force.
[744.GetName] Airbases
[744.GetName], shared with the AOG, is the perfect position from which to project our aerial might across the entire region. In theory, we are able to strike Beijing, Manchuria and even Japan, all from one base. We should now seek to expand it to facilitate these options.
Aviation Advisors
Our pilots must be trained in the best conditions possible to suit our needs. We shall stage aerial wargames over Tsingtau to show our rivals that we mean business.
Focke-Wulf Ostasien
Focke-Wulf have expressed interest in opening an East Asian subsidiary to take advantage of local labour and resources. We should fully support them in this venture.
East Asian Fallschirmjäger
Grand Admiral von Mücke has long admired the Fallschimjäger and their strong discipline. Recently he has made contact with the 
Fighter Shipments
While we now produce some planes locally, we still require more than we can currently produce. We shall request a handful of fighters from Berlin to fill the gap in the meantime.
The Grand Fleet
The Ostasienflotte is the largest and grandest outside of Europe and forms the core of our operations in East Asia; a shining testament to our commitment to the present order. Our primary foe within the region is of course the Empire of Japan and their own considerable fleet. Keeping our grand fleet in port forces the Japanese to use significant naval assets to keep it on watch.
The Fleet In Being
The present disposition of the Hochseeflotte is that through superior force and occasional, devastating sorties we will win command of the sea. By following them in this school of thought we can ensure that orthodox German naval doctrine is maintained across all fleets.
Modern Destroyers
Destroyers are the backbone of a modern navy. We should revamp and redesign our own to a higher standard.
Command of the Sea
The Ostasienflotte has only one future priority: to defeat the Japanese in the event of a war. This means that our doctrinal efforts should be focused to exploit their weaknesses. Japan relies heavily on imports from her puppets and possessions. Therefore, by aiming at trade disruption, we can deal an outsized blow.
Colonial Battlecruisers
While battleships and colossal dreadnoughts are the mainstay of the navy, our Asian holdings lacks the requisite dockyard and resources that mainland Germany has. Accordingly we intend to further the use of battlecruisers, a type of armoured cruiser with heavier arms but weaker armour that has fallen out of favour with the world's naval powers. They shall suit our needs perfectly.
Aviation School
While German doctrine holds that naval aviation's only purpose is in reconnaissance, the Grand Admiral is afforded a surprising degree of freedom over the disposition of his forces. To that end, if we so choose, we could begin investing much more time into the school of thought that holds air power to be the future of naval power, though it would be sure to attract controversy in Berlin.
Light Cruisers
Lightly armoured cruisers, displacing less than 5000 tonnes, are quite frequently the key to building a mobile naval force; be that for raiding convoys bringing war material to Japan, or escorting carriers to project air power in the Pacific. They will form an able backbone.
Carrier Conversion
While our doctrine relies upon naval aircraft, constructing them from scratch is beyond our capabiilities at the moment. We should instead convert some older battlecruisers to provide a stopgap.
Naval Aviation Ambition
Not even the most conservative admiral would deny that planes have some utility in a naval context. Therefore, we have been authorised to further develop land-based aircraft specialised for attacking ships and ports.
Form a Naval Aerial Corps
The [336.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Flying Corps could do with an expanded remit. By forming a specialised naval division we can increase their operational breadth immensely.
Reinforce Aerial Defences
The threat of aerial attacks on [336.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] is a constant worry, with planes from mainland China, the Philippines and Australia now capable of reaching her. Investing in local anti-air defences will not only give us some peace of mind but also assure the locals of our commitment.
SMS Neckar
While the Ostasienflotte is already mighty, it never hurts to increase its size. We shall lay the keel of a new Battleship, the 'Neckar', that will serve as a strong and modern spearhead.
Underwater Fleet
The U-Boat should take a prominent role in our fleet, as the best option to counter Japanese surface-based power. By pushing for further development of submarine vessels we can extend our advantage over their vulnerable shipping lanes.
Expand Local Dockyards
While we will never be able to build a Battleship or Carrier with our local resources, destroyers and cruisers are not impossible. We should expand the local dockyard facilities to see this become a reality.
Expand Naval Facilities
At present, the current naval facilities in Sembawang and Cam Ranh can only support the coastal patrol elements stationed in the area. We should expand these naval bases so that they can better handle large capital ships, and support our growing presence.
East Asian Merchant Navy
One of the biggest benefits to the Ostasien colonies, and one of the reasons the Fatherland maintains them, is the sheer volume of trade it gives us control over. By pressing some of the extensive merchant fleet into service to carry war material we can gain a temporary boost to our carrying capacity.
New Shipbuilding Methods
Shipbuilding has moved on in the years since the 1934 plan. Now by embracing the latest methods of steel milling, hull construction, and electronics, we can build newer more modern ships much faster.
Rule the Pacific
Germania rules the waves! From the Atlantic to the Pacific we shall dominate the seas, and the Ostasienflotte shall have pride of place as queen of the world's largest ocean.
Coastal Fortifications Programme
Currently [336.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] appears to be vulnerable to amphibious landings. With the Japanese expanding their marine forces we should expand our defences to match and counter them.
Anti-Invasion Plan
By conducting wargames, creating a reserve of concrete and steel and training the civilian population in evacuation methods, we can ensure that any invasion scenario is met with full force.
Absolute Defence Sphere
The doctrine of a 
Improved Marine Training
With our unique situation on the globe we naturally focus more on amphibious forces than other nations, with the Seebataillonen in particular being known for their hard and fast amphibious assaults. We should provide further training to ensure they are at the cutting edge.
Expand the [336.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Detachment
While our marines are fierce and hardy, they are limited in number. We should seek to expand the size of our marine forces.
Jungle Warfare
The harsh jungles of Indochina have long been a graveyard of empires, friend and foe alike. We must train all our troops to better operate in such hostile conditions.
Collaborate with Local Elites
Our internal governance is both byzantine and archaic due to the inheritance of both French and British Colonial systems in addition to our directly administered territories. We must facilitate closer collaboration with local elites to try and improve the situation.
Strengthen Local Ties
Grand Admiral von Mücke himself will conduct the important talks with our local partners. His stated approach of charm and champagne might not work as well as he hopes, but we will do our best to support him.
Help Small Businesses
We can help set the economy back on course by supporting local businesses over large German corporations. This will ensure prosperity and employment for the natives, and help dissuade them from participating in rebellion.
New Admiralty
A reassessment of the role of the admiralty has begun in the German East Asia, as it slowly develops into a proper administration rather than a fleet with territories.
Negotiate with the Sultan of [846.GetName]
The Sultan of [846.GetName] was and still is a key figure in the Malayan Sultanates accepting our rule so easily. He now asks for further concessions to right the wrongs of the previous British administration, and we agree that these can be amended.
Collaborate with Local Monopolies
The best way to get ourselves out of the Black Monday slump is to support the economy back home and revive our exports. To this end we should support large German businesses in penetrating the region economically, in order to gain access to cheap raw materials.
Local Economic Initiative
Ruolph Firle, a high-ranking employee of Norddeutscher Lloyd, has approached us with a comprehensive plan to sponsor local trade and shipping. This would serve to support the economy of South East Asia in the long term by making it less dependent on exporting raw materials.
Bao Dai's Reforms
When we took possession of the French Territories after the Weltkrieg it was decided that Emperor Bao Dai would remain in his position as the Emperor of Annam under our 'guiding hand'. He now requests a series of reforms to revitalise the ancient imperial system. We shall see if we can grant them to him.
German Advisory Group
By creating a permanent military attaché system for the local forces we can not only help smooth the process of integrating them into our own army, but keep an eye on radical elements that might infiltrate them.
Deploy Local Guards
Many local princes have a common request: expansion of their personal military forces. By allowing this on the condition that each raise a German-speaking regiment of elite royal guards we can benefit our regular forces as well as fulfilling their demands.
Drinks with King Sisavang
While King Sisavang might be one of smaller autonomous dependents he is still influential, like others he has requested certain colonial wrongs be righted. This we shall do to a certain extent.
Education Reform
The literacy rate of the native population is, presently, best described as abysmal. By promoting education in German by bilingual locals we can attempt to remedy some of this issue.
Research Institutes
Sponsoring a pair of European-style universities in [336.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and Saigon will allow us to broaden our research base, as well as allowing richer and more educated natives to study here rather than going abroad, where they may become radicalised.
Ostasien Infrastructural Plan
By formulating a comprehensive plan for local railroads as well as a new highway network between cities we can overhaul the local infrastructure and improve our otherwise lacking transport links.
Tonkin Gulf Steel Factories
Our difficulties in developing infrastructure have highlighted our lack of a steel industry. Developing Thach Khe Iron Mine has long been an ambition of our industrial planners, alongside the development of coal mines in North Vietnam. This can serve as the seeds of a pan-Tonkin steel production project.
Transindochinese Railways
With our last series of investments and new rolling stock we have managed to finish the connecting route to Tonkin. This should help improve our internal trade and travel.
Develop Tsingtau
Tsingtau is more than a city, it is a symbol of German dominance, control, and more than anything else, it is our place in the sun. To lose Tsingtau would be unthinkable to high command, and all efforts must be made to fortify the concession.
Fortify the Concessions
The situation in China is looking grim. Nationalist elements are disrupting our carefully constructed peace, and Japanese forces are merely waiting for a sign of weakness. Securing our hold on our current concessions from hostile forces, both within and without, is a primary concern.
Resume Sino-German Cooperation
Berlin's orders are clear: setting aside matters of civilisation and race, Germany and China must meet one another with arms outstretched in mutual strength and friendship, faced by a mutual foe.\n\nIn truth, Germany needs Chinese soldiers as a buffer against Japan, and China needs German guns to arm them.
Invest in the Concessions
Tsingtau might be the jewel in our crown, but it is not the only concession under our jurisdiction. Developing our bases in Qingdao and Guangzhouwan will provide long-term benefits to our overlordship in the region.
Secure the Legation Cities
In an act of supreme madness, Germany has been removed from the Legation Council of the concessions, this experiment in global partnership has clearly run its course, and German dominance of these lucrative cities must be re-established.
Dispatch Workers to the Borneo Mines
Northern Borneo currently holds a vast array of undeveloped industrial areas, with our chief hurdle being a lack of manpower to exploit these resources, by importing Chinese migrant workers to Borneo, we can begin to develop these nascent industries.
Send Aid to Nanjing
While our direct influence in China is confined to the concessions, German soft power is directly channelled through the Nanjing clique, any threat to their continued dominance over southern China is long-term threat to us.
Tighten our Grip on the Concessions
With German influence in Nanjing at an acceptable level, we can drop the pretence of equal cooperation with the Chinese warlords. Full control of the German concessions in southern China is to be transferred to the Ostasien administration, effective immediately.
Since the British collapse in 1926, the Kaiserliche Marine has been an undisputed master of the Eastern Seas, and the guardian of the western order in the Orient. The retreat of the British 'China Station' to Australasia left her Asian colonies and concessions vulnerable to insurrection, and in need of protection only Germany could offer, completing a string of colonies and concessions from Suez to Tsingtau. However, Deutsche Ostasien exists not as a colony, but instead as a jurisdiction; a stretch of territory in which the admiralty must balance local interests, contend with varying colonial systems, and ensure the protection of it all...
GFX_GEA_intro
Pearl of the Orient
Ever since the British collapse in 1926, the Kaiserliche Marine has been the undisputed master of the Eastern Seas, and the guardian of the western order in the Orient. The retreat of the British 'China Station' to Australasia left her Asian colonies and concessions vulnerable to native socialist insurrection, and in need of protection only Germany could offer, completing a string of colonies and concessions from Ceylon to Tsingtau. This glorious achievement came at a cost, however.\n\nOur expansion in the East was unusual in its rapidity and scale, bringing our jurisdiction over a diverse and complicated series of colonies divorced from their metropole; forced to acknowledge our superiority and yet all too byzantine to reconstruct or totally reorder, lest they collapse and bring our administration with them. Thus, German East Asia exists not as a colony, or even formally as an authority, but instead as a jurisdiction; a stretch of territory in which the relatively impartial admiralty must at once balance local interests, contend with varying colonial systems, and ensure the protection of it all.\n\nDespite our dominance, Japan remains a threat, determined as ever to push us out of the East and claim it for itself; our brave soldiers staring theirs down over the Legation Cities, and our glorious battleships vigilant across the seas.\n\nLooking past matters of internal difficulty, there may yet be a reckoning and it is the Admiralty's duty to ensure that when the time comes, it is ready.
China and the AOG
The Fatherland's Chinese possessions also lie under our jurisdiction, and as per the terms of the American-mediated Shanghai Conference of 1928, Germany's rights in China are equal to those of any other foreign power. The city of Tsingtau has long served as the nexus of our operations there, at once a modern city, a thriving port, and the centre of an extensive commercial web woven throughout the East.\n\nNot everything passing through Kiaochow Bay is fully legitimate, however. The Aufsichtsrat der Ostasiatischen Generalverwaltung, or Supervisory Board of the East Asian General Administration, manages numerous ships, factories, and even informal concessions which violate the spirit, if not the letter, of the 1928 agreement.\n\nThe Nanjing Warlord Sun Chuanfang, in a bid to ensure his autonomy from China's central government, accepted a series of exploitative arms deals in return for extensive economic concessions within the League of Eight Provinces. Although unrecognised by Beijing, as well as the rest of the international community, the AOG spreads its influence throughout the League and ever deeper into the country's interior.\n\nUltimately Berlin would like us to use China as a buffer of sorts against Japan; every soldier spent there is one who cannot be deployed against us in Malaya and Indochina. To that end, China's government and the LEP must be supported, and Japanese encroachment in China must be considered only one step away from [336.GetCapitalVictoryPointName].
§MThe Indochinese Rebellion§!\n§MRebellion Avoided§!\n£white_dot Choose to protect Indochina of the falling prices.\n£white_dot Reject to strengthen the European privileges.\n£white_dot Negotiate with the plantation strikers.\n£white_dot While the focus §YBao Dai's reform§! is completing, choose to accept the two reforms.\n£white_dot Declare martial law in all Indochina after the Yen-Bai Mutiny.\n£white_dot Send in the troops after movements appear in the Binh Dinh province.\n\n§MRebellion Successful§!\n£white_dot Choose to deal with the Binh Dinh commune peacefully, a week later the Saigon uprising will begin.\n£white_dot Choose the opposite options in all the mention event, except, accept the first Bao Dai reform and reject the second one; each one of those will strengthen the Indochinese rebellion.\n§CNote: To Have Vietnam release, accept both Bao Dai's reforms and accept his help after the rebellion breaks out.§!
The Future of Indochina - £KR_game_rule_flag_INC_soc  Indochina\n\n£white_dot Follow the steps in the previous page to have the Indochinese Rebellion occur and choose to play as them.\n\n$INC_guide$
Black Monday!
The situation in Germany is dire. After a devastating financial crisis, the German economy is in tatters, and the colonies are sure to follow. We must cut back on much of our spending and immediately look for ways to buttress East Asia's already weakening economy. Recovery could take many years...
Disastrous!
The End of the Black Week
A week has passed since the initial Berlin Stock Market Crash. Rubber and tin, our main export commodities, have already lost more than half of their pre-Black Monday value due to the collapse of tire demand from the automotive industry. Meanwhile, rice exports to the European market have ground to a halt, leaving tens of thousands of tons rotting in the fields and on the docks. Europeans in Singapore, Saigon, and other cities with few savings and no land ownership gambled and lost everything on the market, and now find themselves little better off than their Indochinese neighbours.
Something must be done!
Instability in Indochina
Since our expeditionary army destroyed Ho Chi Minh and his syndicalist agitators in Guangzhou ten years ago, Indochina has enjoyed a period of relative stability. But the recent Berlin Stock Market Crash, or Black Monday, has had a devastating impact on the highly commercialised Indochinese economy. Strikes and rice riots are spreading in Tonkin, Annam and Cochinchina. Urban students and intellectuals ask for more freedom. What's worse, our intelligence suggests some underground revolutionaries are secretly spreading their influence.
This colony is notorious for insubordination.
Nationalist Agitation in Tonkin
We have uncovered a series of nationalist and anti-colonialist movements in Tonkin. In every corner of Hanoi agitators are disseminating pamphlets calling for national unity and independence. The ringleader behind the agitations is a group called the Vietnamese Nationalist Party (VNQDD), and our agents have discovered an insidious plan: these bandits are infiltrating our garrison in Tonkin.
We must prepare.
Yen-Bai Mutiny
Today some Tonkinese garrisons in Yen-Bai, a military post near the Sino-Indochinese border, organised a mutiny against the colonial officials! Along with them are armed infiltrators of VNQDD. Thanks to our agents, we sabotaged their plan to launch a coordinated uprising. We have fended off the rebels and begun a large-scale crackdown in Tonkin. Now the desperate rebels are fleeing to the mountainous area on the Sino-Vietnamese border.
Concentrate our force to crush these bandits!
Declare martial law in all Indochina!
An Indochinese Tragedy
Bon voyage, Indochinese comrades!
We are not the modern Pigneau de Behaine.
An Indochinese Tragedy
Send our help.
We are not interested.
Emperor Bao Dai Returns to Indochina
Bao Dai, the monarch of Annam, has recently finished his studies in Germany and returned to Indochina. While he will not be satisfied with a mere ceremonious role, a carefully controlled monarchy would allow us to mitigate rural instability and win over the support of the people, since Annamese peasants are innately attached to their Emperor. However, the European settlers in Saigon staunchly oppose any attempt to share power with the Annamese.
Welcome, our puppet emperor.
Bao Dai's Reforms: The First Step
Having ascended to the throne, Bao Dai has recruited several reform-minded figures into his court, including Neo-traditionalist intellectual Pham Quyhn and Catholic administrator Ngo Dinh Diem. Now his ministers have decided to initiate an administrative reform to revitalise the dysfunctional bureaucratic system. Currently the mandarins in the protectorate of Annam only nominally run the country, while their European advisors hold true power. Bao Dai's reform will certainly damage the European monopolisation of power.
It is necessary.
Stop him. He has gone too far.
Bao Dai's Reforms: The Second Step
After the administrative reform, Bao Dai's cabinet has begun to further centralise power. The recent turmoil in Indochina offers him a good excuse. He implores us to grant him authority to set up an imperial police force. Bao Dai and his ministers argue that only imperial police carrying order from the imperial court in Hue can effectively pacify the disobedient peasants and restore order in Annam.
It will help.
Giving the Annamese power is dangerous.
Instability in Cochinchina
With our forces occupied suppressing the nationalists in Tonkin, the situation to the south in Cochinchina is growing increasingly unstable. Strikes have decreased but trade union activists are reported to be holding frequent meetings, and rumours are spreading that agitators, disguised as monks and merchants, are organising peasants into secret societies in Cochinchina and southern Annam. Additional Intelligence suggests many Vietnamese exiles are illegally crossing the border and entering Indochina. They are likely to be sent by foreign powers to engage in subversive activities.
I sense the calm before the storm.
Jailbreak at Poulo Condor
This morning our central prison on Poulo Condor island reported a mass jailbreak! This was clearly a well-organised action; the prisoners escaped through a tunnel under cover of midnight, then embarked on pre-prepared junks and disappeared into the canal networks and marshes of the Mekong Delta. It's estimated that some 150 out of the total 25,000 prisoners escaped. Most are left-wing agitators.
This colony has been nothing but trouble!
Binh Dinh Commune movement
Binh Dinh province, the home of Tay Son rebellion, is witnessing a dramatic escalation of its peasant movement. Demonstrators initially demanded an end to corvée labour, an equivalent to serfdom, but when they were ignored by local administrators angry peasants began to burn down administrative buildings, town halls and railway stations; destroy tax registers, and pillage police stations. The local administration has been paralysed and associations called 
Perhaps we can deal with this peacefully.
Send in the troops!
AI avoid rebellion cheat - report this if you see it
Saigon Uprising
Yesterday concerted insurgencies simultaneously broke out from Tonkin to Cochinchina. Trade Unions went into general strike and tried to occupy municipal government buildings. While in most places order has been restored, the Viet Minh brought their peasant rebellion from Binh Dinh and Mekong to Saigon and entered the city. Local garrisons defected and rebels seized control of key communications and administrative facilities in Saigon!
Vive la révolution ! (Play as Indochina)
Damn the Viet Minh!
In a great example of proletarian collaboration, trade unions across southern Indochina went into a general strike, joined forces with the Viet Minh, and ignited a general uprising against the Boches' imperialist administration! The peoples of Indochina now fight for their freedom from imperialism and capitalism!
Indochine, lève-toi ! (Play as Indochina)
Bonne chance, chers camarades !
Situation in Indochina deteriorates
The situation in Indochina has deteriorated, with the insurgents being much harder than we thought to pacify. Viet Minh regular forces are pushing northward while their guerrilla units harass our logistics and spread fear. Many settlers doubt if we can hold Indochina any more and demand an evacuation of valuable assets to other colonies.
Evacuate assets!
Everything is alright!
Situation in Indochina deteriorates
It seems that, although official reports from our far eastern colonies claim significant successes in suppressing the insurgency, according to military intelligence the situation in Indochina has actually deteriorated. Pacifying the Viet Minh rebels seems to have been more than the admiralty could handle. Some major cities and strategic positions have fallen into rebel hands; fear and turmoil are spreading. Maybe German East Asia needs some help?
They can handle this.
Send reinforcements!
A land war in Asia? Tally ho!
[INC.GetNameDefCap] Sends a Peace Offer
The uprisings in Indochina have worsened. Key positions have fallen to Viet Minh bandits and we are struggling to cope. Now Indochinese rebels send us an initiative of peace talk. Despite concerns that this will be considered as a humiliation, a wise move might be to give up control of the region.
No, we will keep fighting these rebels!
We can't afford fighting any more.
Peace talk failed
German imperialists refused our peace initiative and decided to continue the war.
Only guns can talk to the imperialists!
Victory in Indochina
Germany accepted the peace initiative and retreat from the Indochinese peninsula. We have fulfilled the mission of forcing German imperialists to withdraw. Indochina is now liberated from the German colonial regime! This is a great victory for our people and a major defeat for the German Imperialists and their lackeys.
Pickelhaube go home!
Good News, Bad News
It seems that Berlin is concerned with the situation in Indochina. The bad news is, they discovered the fact that we are not doing well and harshly criticised us. The good news is, they've sent reinforcements to suppress Viet Minh insurgents.
Good News.
Victory in Indochina
Our glorious army has managed to thwart the Viet Minh revolt in Indochina! This is a glorious day for Germany!
Sehr gut, Kameraden!
Escalation of war in Indochina
With German Empire committing its main force to Indochinese peninsula, the resistance war has escalated to an unprecedented level! But we will triumph, for the just cause of liberation is invincible. It's also rumoured that other great powers are trying to transform Indochinese peninsula into a quagmire for Germany...
Fight!
Bao Dai Solution
With Cochinchina fallen to the Viet Minh and guerrillas rising everywhere, the whole of Indochina is in a state of emergency. Local elites and anti-syndicalist nationalists have rallied behind Emperor Bao Dai and propose a solution: If we honour the protectorate treaty, which means granting Nguyen Dynasty greater autonomy in Annam as well as Tonkin, they will help to pacify the rural areas, mobilise local resources and defeat the rebels. Otherwise, the prevalent anti-colonialist sentiment will give the Viet Minh an edge. Bao Dai's missive ends ominously, stating that if Germany doesn't respond to Vietnamese nationalism, 'Every village will be a nest of resistance, each former collaborator an enemy, and your officials and colonists will themselves seek to leave this atmosphere, which will choke them.'
We can handle it ourselves.
We need his help.
Falling Prices
The prices of rice and rubber are rapidly falling across the colonies. The farmers and plantation owners, relying on rice and rubber exports, have been hit hard, especially in our two major colonies of Indochina and Malaya. It's possible to control the price in one colony, but our resources are limited, and this will almost certainly come at the cost of the other?
This is not our business.
Protect Indochina.
Protect Malaya.
Plantation Strikes
The price of rubber keeps falling. Many plantation owners have decided to fire workers and keep the rest working full time. These decisions have triggered large-scale strikes in plantations in Indochina and Malaya. Workers are demanding employers stop firing employees, and call for shorter working hours with better conditions. Since most plantation workers are illiterate, it's suspected that socialist agitators are behind their coordination.
Suppress the strikes.
Try to negotiate with them.
European Privileges
With the economic shock of Black Monday, many European settlers have lost everything and become impoverished overnight. Now some have petitioned us to strengthen their social and commercial privileges so that, as settlers, they will not be reduced to living like mere colonial subjects. They argue that a strict racial caste system is the only way to ensure the peace in our colonies.
Reject Them.
Reinforce European Privilege.
The Binh Dinh Commune is Pacified
The peasant rebellion in Binh Dinh province has been pacified by our soldiers. Bombers and naval gunfire have proven especially effective in intimidating Vietnamese farmers. Binh Dinh, in Vietnamese, means pacification, and now it has really lived up to its name.
Excellent!
Agitation dies down in Saigon
The sound of rain falling on the deserted square is deafening. A tattered pamphlet, thrown in the gutter -- the ink running out across the paper in soft blueish blooms -- is the only thing that still serves as proof that Saigon was, up until just recently, a hotbed of radical socialist and syndicalist agitation. Depicted on the pamphlet is a Vietnamese worker holding a socialist red flag. The pamphlet reads: 'Workers of Indochina, unite!'. It is soon swept away by the rain and down into the sewers whence it came.
Good News.
Rule of War
The Viet Minh don't respect the modern rule of war. Their guerrilla fighters not only refuse to wear uniforms, they often do their best to blend in with the civilian population. It's almost impossible to tell a Viet Minh insurgent from a civilian. Our generals argue that the war against the Viet Minh can only be total.
At least try to differentiate...
Shoot everything that moves!
Acquire Mittelafrikan Advisors
Mittelafrika is our sister project of sorts, we both defend the Kaiserreich from its outside enemies and insubordinate subjects so it is only reasonable for us to strengthen our ties. The Grand Admiral has decided to hire Mittelafrikan advisors in hopes they will benefit our fighting forces and strengthen our counter-insurgency efforts.
For sure we will learn a few useful lessons from them.
A Military Delegation from Mittelafrika
Admiral von Mücke and a delegation welcomed the Mittelafrikans as the disembarked from of their boat in [336.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. They appeared to be the men the Admiralty were looking with their rough and grizzled appearance inspiring confidence. They spoke few words before being escorted to their local accommodations, to the amusement of the locals as the appearance of several Askari has caused quite a stir.
Mein Gott, he could wrestle a bull.
Socialist Rebellion in the Philippines
With the end of American colonial rule in the Philippines, the archipelago fell into chaos. A group of disgruntled army officers along with bands of peasants and industrial workers have revolted to overthrow the government and establish a socialist regime. It remains to be seen if the Philippine military forces can suppress the rebels, but some help will certainly increase their chance of winning.
Secretly support the Philippine army.
Not our business.
Socialists Seize Power in the Philippines!
The Philippine government had signed power over to the Syndicalist movement. However, the southern parts of Philippines, including Palawan and Mindanao islands, are not under firm control of the new central government. Could this be our chance to free them from syndicalist tyranny and bring them under the imperial protection?
Send a fleet to secure the southern islands.
Leave them be.
A German Fleet off Palawan!
Germany has placed the population of the southern regions under their 
We will die heroically.
We can't do anything.
The Philippine Government Folds
The Philippine government has refused to confront us. Now the southern islands of the Philippines can be added to the Ostasien colonies, a glorious day for the Kaiserreich.
Excellent.
Ostasien Fleet Secures the Southern Philippines
Today Admiral von Mücke reported from [336.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] that the Ostasien fleet has successfully secured the southern islands of the Philippines against the syndicalist regime in Manila. A glorious day for the Kaiserreich.
Excellent!
The Philippines Declares War Against Us
Following the establishment of syndicalist government in Manila, the Ostasien fleet boldly attempted to secure the southern islands of the Philippines. Now the syndicalist government in Philippines has suicidally decided to declare war against us.
Well done.
Social Unrest in Burma
The Republic of Burma, which is the home to many German business interests, is facing a deep political crisis. Students and workers have risen up against the central government in critical demonstrations and protests. Police units have in so far been completely unsuccessful in containing the radical protestors. Should we try to support the Burmese government in the crisis?
Send the fleet to show our support.
Not our business.
German fleet arrives at Rangoon
Today a massive German fleet arrived at Rangoon. The German naval delegation came to show their support to Burmese government. The dissenters have been shocked and deterred by the powerful German fleet.
Mighty Germany!
Order restored in Burma
Burma, a young republic recently facing a deep political crisis, has restored order thanks to the swift and resolute action of the Ostasien fleet. The Burmese ambassador acknowledged their appreciation for the German Empire and admiral Hellmuth Mücke. Now they seek closer relations with the German empire to protect their independence and stability.
Guarantee their independence.
But I don't know anything about Burma!
The Vulcan and Kaia volcanoes erupt!
Today the city of Rabaul was hit by two massive volcanic eruptions. Despite our best efforts, hundreds of citizens weren't able to flee in time and were buried beneath the ashes. Sacred Heart missionaries observed the explosive eruptions and were quick to set up an evacuation camp at their mission headquarters in Herbertshöhe. Several thousand injured and homeless people are now waiting for the colonial administration to send aid after this catastrophe.
We need to hurry
Reinforcements to East Asia
The Reichskolonialamt has requested more men to be sent to the operations in East Asia, to relieve the ailing troops there. Even if these men could have had an easier time serving back home, East Asia is a hotbed of syndicalism and strife between the various factions that we have favourable agreements with.
Such are the costs of an Empire.
Equipment Shipments to East Asia
The Reichskolonialamt has requested more guns to be sent to the operations in East Asia, to reduce the shortage and ensure all divisions are at full specifications. These rifles will find themselves useful in ensuring the stability of our far eastern possessions.
Such are the costs of an Empire.
Germany is Offering Us Armaments
The German East Asian Government on behalf of Germany has recognised our dire situation and has offered a generous shipment of infantry equipment to help in our fight for survival. However, this kindness is certainly hiding a desire for an even stronger hold on our economy once the war ends.
We have no choice but to accept.
We must assert our independence!
Germany is Offering Us Help With Our Industry
The German East Asian Government on behalf of Germany has recognised our dire situation and has offered some of their factories on our land to work temporarily to supply our arms production. While this seems most helpful, one must ask himself what will the cost be when the war ends...
Our governments survival depends on this, as sad as it is.
We can't afford to get entangled in their web even more!
The Factory Lease Ended
The terms imposed by the AOG dictate that the lease of their factories ends today. They have proven most useful in our struggle, and we are sure the Germans know this as well.
We will have to accept the consequences of this 'help'.
AOG influence in China Grows...
Amidst a season of mixed news, it appears our partners in the AOG have managed to come across a stroke of good fortune. The completion and purchase of the ZheGan railway, a large-scale rail project inside the League of Eight Provinces, has allowed the AOG to spread its influence deeper into Chinese territory. While some responses to the AOG's actions have been less than pleasant, we can safely assume that this is a sign of good things to come.
Good to hear.
Black Monday Hits the AOG!
Our Chinese partners have weathered the Black Monday crisis no better than us it would seem, with German businesses, already facing pressure from local elements, being hit particularly hard. The Deutsch-Asiatische Bank, once thought too big to fail, is teetering on the edge of collapse, and the trickle-back effects of this financial instability are already being felt by our own financial sector.
You too, huh?
German Businesses Flee the League
With the sudden descent of the League of Eight Provinces into civil war, German confidence in the status quo and China in general has collapsed. While Qi Xieyuan has guaranteed his support for German interests upon his victory, belief in the continued survival of the AOG and its valuable concession cities is rapidly plummeting.
Have some faith, dammit!
The AOG Remnants...
With the complete eradication of the Nanjing clique, the chapter of Germany's influence in China appears to have come to an end. We are doing our best to absorb the displaced AOG administration in our remaining concessions, but the reality of the loss of our Asian influence is hard to come to grips with.
At least we still have Tsingtau.
German Business returns to China.
With the successful survival of the Nanjing clique, confidence in Chinese business has begun to return. The AOG, while clearly battered by the experience, has viewed this crisis as both a learning experience and an opportunity, hoping to leverage Nanjing's weakened state to better secure German interests against a future crisis.
Business as usual, then.
Ties with Ostasien
With our current amicable relations with Germany secure, the Ostasien administration has taken steps to support our fledgling naval buildup. While their reasons for doing so are no doubt entirely pragmatic in nature, the help they have offered is no less beneficial to our own survival. German engineers have offered to provide new ship designs to our dockyards, or, alternatively, an offer of a permanent naval attaché to further train our own navy has been suggested.
We will incorporate their light ship design.
We can use their battleship expertise.
A permanent naval attaché would be beneficial.
German Support Lost
The German East Asian navy, the pride of the German Empire, and a symbol of the German military and naval prowess in the Pacific has fallen. With the collapse of German East Asia, the remaining German advisors, technicians, and experts in China are recalled back as they no longer have any incentive to stay in Asia. While this strengthens our national independence and removes our dependence on Germany, this indicates that Sino-German cooperation will ultimately cease for the time being. While we will still maintain cordial and friendly relations with Germany, we will no longer have access to the benefits that come with our alignment to Germany, and thus, we will have to go on our own. Thanks to the cooperation, we have modernised our forces and economy successfully, but all things must come to an end.
One era ends...another begins
Restoration of our influence in China
With the new German-sponsored regime created by our allied forces in China, we have been able to restore our former influence in the port cities. Nowe we can resume our economic explotation of the Chinese market, that was so rudely interrupted before.
A new era of German influence begins in China!
Germany Defends East Asia
Ever since the end of the Great War, the Japanese and Germans have been at odds over spheres of influence in East Asia - greatly worsened by the collapse of the British Empire and the ensuing power vacuum. In 1928, the Americans were briefly able to establish an uneasy balance of power in the region with the signing of the Chinese Legation Treaties.\n\nThe start of the Second American Civil War has thrown the Asia-Pacific region into total disarray. Embarrassed by their failure to stop Japan's seizure of Guam, Germany has issued a declaration today threatening to defend independent Asian states and colonies. It is clear they hope to build a coalition against their rival, but many doubt this posturing will hold the Japanese off for long.
Ever since the end of the Great War, the Japanese and Germans have been at odds over spheres of influence in East Asia - greatly worsened by the collapse of the British Empire and the ensuing power vacuum. In 1928, the Americans were briefly able to establish an uneasy balance of power in the region with the signing of the Chinese Legation Treaties.\n\nThe Second American Civil War threw the Asia-Pacific Region into total disarray, emboldening Japan's war hawks. Fearing Japanese expansionism, Germany has issued a declaration today threatening to defend independent Asian states and colonies. It is clear they hope to build a coalition against their rival, but many doubt this posturing will hold the Japanese off for long.
The last bastion of peace in the Pacific.
The final holdout of imperialism in Asia.
The last bastion of peace? Or the final holdout of imperialism?
German East Asia Wishes to Align with Us
Having managed to somehow outlive the collapse of the Heimat, the administration in [GetVictoryPointName_12299] has at last reached out to our government, wishing to reestablish German rule over the territory.\n\nAs the most legitimate successor state to the German Empire it would be logical for us to accept their offer, although the risk associated in protecting the territory may make us consider refusing their request.
Having managed to somehow outlive the collapse of the Heimat, the administration in [GetVictoryPointName_12299] has at last reached out to our government, wishing to reestablish German rule over the territory. As the protectors of the German government in Berlin, it is only logical for their administration to also seek to be placed under our protection and guidance, although legally remaining part of Germany.\n\nSuch an offer should certainly be considered, as it would greatly extend our reach and prestige, although the risk associated in protecting the territory may make us consider refusing their request.
We welcome [GetVictoryPointName_12299] back to the fold.
No, they would simply be dead weight.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Agrees to Our Request
Word has been received back from [FROM.GetNameDef], with their government having agreed to reestablish colonial ties and protect our administration from any potential invasions. Let us hope that we can at last begin a return to normalcy and escape the chaos of yesteryear.
It is good to be back.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Our Request
For whatever reason, [From.GetNameDef] has refused our request to reestablish colonial ties, seemingly believing that we would be more trouble than we are worth. We must now reconsider how our regime will continue without the protection and aid of the Heimat.
Betrayed once again...
East Asian Commanders Arrive
Now that our colonies in East Asia have been overrun by our enemies, commanders of their fleet and garrison have begun to trickle to the Heimat, making daring escapes in submarines and long journeys across the Middle East and Africa. Far from all of the commanders and junior officers of the East Asian garrison have managed to escape, but those who did are veterans of the Malaysian and Indochinese jungle warfare, and would be useful among the ranks of the Heer.\n\nOn the other hand, they did fail their duty in East Asia...
We will welcome them with open arms.
These brave men have done their duty - they should retire.
The Indochina War
The Indochinese insurgency has deteriorated into a full-blown war. However, the war against Viet Minh insurgents has no concrete front. Everywhere is a front line and every peasant wearing a rice hat could be a Viet Minh. We must do whatever we can to secure the victory of Kaiserreich.\n\nEstimated §YInsurgency Strength§! in Indochina: §R[?INC.guerilla_activity|-0]§!\n
We estimate this will reduce §YInsurgency Strength§! by §R10§!.\n
Suppress Viet Minh in Tonkin
Maintain our control in Tonkin
Reinforce Police Units
Deploy Zeppelin Airships
With the development of naval aviation, the Zeppelin airships have been gradually replaced by more advanced maritime patrol planes in Ostasien arsenal. naval reconnaissance task. However, the recent war in Indochina has given birth to a daring idea: Using Zeppelin to patrol over the Indochinese peninsula. These airships could also deliver supplies to isolated garrisons. With the poor anti-air firepower of the rebels, this should be a safe bet.
Form Fernspäher Units
The growingly intense war in Indochina has exposed the weakness of our army. While our infantry units are well equipped to defend their position against enemy, they are too cumbersome to fight aggressively and flexibly. It's advised that we can select elite soldiers from our armed forces, combining the special skills of Gebirgsjäger and Fallschirmjäger to form our own elite Fernspäher unit to better conduct this kind of missions.
Reintegrate Indochina
Our forces have managed to defeat the Viet Minh, and they are contained for the moment. This is a temporary solution, however, and it is only a matter of time before the guerrillas are ready for a rematch. We need to cement our control in these regions for good, not simply leaving the administration to the French colonial remnants like before.
German-Indochinese Reconciliation
The flashback of the counter-insurgency actions in Indochina is haunting Admiral Hellmuth von Mücke and now he felt that he has do something to reconcile the brutal killings. He wants to pursue a popular colonial policy by granting greater local autonomy and promoting German-Indochinese harmony. By doing so, he hopes to regain the hearts and minds of people in Indochinese.
Assume control of the East Asian Navy
The German East Asian navy is a valuable asset to our naval strategy in East Asia. It would be better off, if it was more closely integrated in the Berlin's command structure.
Align with the New German Government
With an independent German government once again in control of Berlin, it would be wise for us to restore our connections to them and reestablish proper rule from the Heimat as well as seeking their protection from outside invasion.
Align with Berlin's Protector
Despite the fall of Berlin to a hostile power, we cannot simply continue to survive forever on our own, especially as the vultures circle in around us. We should negotiate an agreement with Berlin's new protector, seeing our ties to Berlin restored and our administration also placed under their protection.
The Imperial Colonial Office
The Reichskolonialamt, or the Imperial Colonial Office, is the general overseer of the German colonial project. As such, we must go through it to gain precious war materiel or new blood from the Fatherland.
Request Manpower
As our reserves are running thin, soon we will no longer be able to keep our divisions at full strength. It is time to ask the Reichskolonialamt to send us more conscripts from home to aid us in our endeavours to further the interests of the Kaiserreich.
Request Guns
Our infantry equipment stockpile has become worryingly sparse. In order to properly fulfil our duties to the Kaiser, we must request a shipment of guns from the Reichskolonialamt.
The Nanjing Crisis
Various Warlords and even syndicalists have risen up against the Nanjing government. We must help them to ensure the safety of our investments in China, lest our grip on the Chinese economy collapse.
Factory Lease
We shall discuss with the AOG to temporarily have some factories in the concessions be at the complete disposal of the Nanjing government, to help them in their fight for survival.
Give them Guns
We shall ensure that a sizeable shipment of German equipment will be sent to the ill-equipped troops of the Nanjing Government, to hopefully tip the balance in their favour.
Develop Bauxite Mining in [846.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Our prospectors have discovered rich bauxite deposits in the state of [846.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], perfect for production of aluminium. While the initial cost of mining will be significant, our projected tonnage is worth the expense.
Oil Operations in Sarawak
Our oil consumption levels are currently incapable of sustaining our fleet in the event of long-term naval operations. However, by increasing our local oil production in Borneo, we can begin to stockpile a reserve to prevent fuel shortages.
The Grand Parade
At 09:00 the Grand Ostasienflotte sallied forth from the [336.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] harbour to conduct large scale exercises outside of the city limits. Impressive aerial attack drills were demonstrated by our carrier force complimented by large broadside firing exercises by our battleships. After this was concluded the fleet then set forth to Tsingtau to conduct exercises there as a warning to any and all who threaten us.
They would be right to fear our Might.
Start Naval Blockade
The convoys of the Internationale can enter the South China Sea freely and send secret support to the Indochinese rebels, this can't continue
Shelling on Saigon
Reorganise North Malaya
Now that we have gain control over the Northern Malay sultanates, a recreation of the \
Reorganise Sumatra
Now that we have gain control over Sumatra, an integration of the existing local civil services into our own is needed so that we can administer these areas effectively.
Reorganise Java
Now that we have gain control over the whole of Java, an integration of the existing local civil services into our own is needed so that we can administer these areas effectively.
Reorganise South Borneo
Now that we have gain control over the southern half of the island of Borneo, an integration of the existing local civil services into our own is needed to administer these areas effectively.
Reorganise Celebes & Lesser Sunda
Now that we have gain control over the Celebes and Lesser Sunda isles, an integration of the existing local civil services into our own is needed so that we can administer these areas effectively.
Reorganise the Moluccas
Now that we have gain control over the Moluccas, an integration of the existing local civil services into our own is needed so that we can administer these areas effectively.
Reorganise East Timor
Now that we have gain control over the Portuguese half of Timor, an integration of the existing local civil services into our own is needed so that we can administer these areas effectively.
Reorganise Cambodian Territories
Now that we have managed to gain control over Cambodia, we may be able to finally split the Stung Treng areas from the Cochinchina administration to recreate the \
Reorganise Laotian Territories
Now that we have finally gained full control over Laos, we will need to expand our civil services to cover the newly annexed territories on the other side of Mekong River.
Opel Südostasien
Focke Wulf Ostasien
Germaniawerft Saigon
Colonial Question
The amount of manpower our land based arm can recruit is severely limited. Strict regulations regarding foreign nationals joining, and a general lack of willingness by the natives, stifles our attempt to build a larger force.
Army of Marines
Native Recruitment
The Grand Admiral
As the governor of German East Asia, and the Grand Admiral of the East Asian Fleet, Hellmuth von Mücke is an extremely influential figure within the region. With his experience in the navy he is a boon to the German colonial effort and he wields vast amounts of power.
Counter-Insurgency Training
Using convention and 
Black Monday
Black Monday has struck and crippled our already weak industry.
Black Monday Recovery
Black Monday has struck and crippled our already weak industry, but we are making efforts to recover.
Austerity Budget
While measures have been taken to reduce the effects of Black Monday, the admiralty is still constrained by a lack of funds.
Austerity Budget
While measures have been taken to reduce the effects of Black Monday, the admiralty is still constrained by a lack of funds.
Viet Minh Harassment
Colonial Tumult
As the aftermath of Black Monday turns out to be disastrous, insurgency spreads in all of our colonies.
Colonial Instability
Efforts have been made to control the situation, but the colonies are still unstable.
Ostasien Economic Sphere
With the improvement of infrastructure, the bonds between our colonies have never been stronger.
Local Guards
We have authorise the local monarchs to recruit their own royal guard.
Local Guards
We have authorised the local monarchs to recruit their own royal guard.
Help Small Business
A Fleet Backed by Colonies
Ostasien Colonisation
New Shipbuilding Methods
Anti-Invasion Plan
Absolute Defence Sphere
Negotiate with Plantation Workers
Falling Price
Price Control Efforts
Rule the Pacific
Viet Minh Killer
Anyone who runs is a Viet Minh! Anyone who stands still is a well-disciplined Viet Minh!
AOG
Ausfsichtsrat der Ostasiatischen Generalverwaltung
Through the AOG, we have vital economic rights in §Y[?GEA_AOG_CITIES_NUMBER]§! important Chinese coastal cities:\n- §[592.GEA_GetStateControllerAllyStatus][592.GetName]§!\n- §[802.GEA_GetStateControllerAllyStatus][802.GetName]§!\n- §[803.GEA_GetStateControllerAllyStatus][803.GetName]§!\n- §[1075.GEA_GetStateControllerAllyStatus][1075.GetName]§!
$MODIFIER_CONSUMER_GOODS_FACTOR$: [?GEA_AOG_CITIES|Y%1]
Arm of the German Empire
Ostasien Naval Mission
German East Asia
German East Asian
German East Asia
Felix von Luckner
§YBorn:§! §LJune 9th, 1881, in Dresden, Dresden District, Kingdom of Saxony, German Empire§!
Hellmuth von Mücke
§YBorn:§! §LJune 21st, 1881, in Zwickau, Zwickau District, Kingdom of Saxony, German Empire§!
Hermann Voigt Ruscheweyh
§YBorn:§! §LMay 30th, 1880, in Wahrenbrück, Province of Saxony, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Erwin Rommel
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 15th, 1891, in Heidenheim, Jagst District, Kingdom of Württemberg, German Empire§!
Alexander von Falkenhausen
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 29th, 1878, in Gut Blumenthal, Province of Silesia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Hermann Ehrhardt
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 27th, 1881, in Diersburg, Freiburg im Breisgau District, Grand Duchy of Baden, German Empire§!
Heinz Trettner
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 19th, 1907, in Minden, Province of Westphalia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Fritz Bayerlein
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 14th, 1899, in Würzburg, Lower Franconia, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!
Conrad Patzig
§YBorn:§! §LMay 24th, 1888, in Marienburg, Province of West Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Rudolph Firle
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1881, in Bonn, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Ernst von Weizsäcker
§YBorn:§! §LMay 25th, 1882, in Stuttgart, Neckar District, Kingdom of Württemberg, German Empire§!
Thomas Tian
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1890, in Chantsui, Shandong Province, Great Qing§!
Siegfried Gräff
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 22nd, 1887, in Karlsruhe, Karlsruhe District, Grand Duchy of Baden, German Empire§!
Paul Schneider
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 29th, 1897, in Bad Sobernheim, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Ernst Boerschmann
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 18th, 1873, in Prökuls, Province of East Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Rudolph Kaulla
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1872, in Stuttgart, Neckar District, Kingdom of Württemberg, German Empire§!
Julius Dorpmuller
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 24th, 1869, in Elberfeld, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, North German Confederation§!
Wilhelm Henningsen
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 29th, 1904, in Husby, Province of Schleswig-Holstein, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Arno Spindler
§YBorn:§! §LMay 10th, 1880, in Gleiwitz, Province of Silesia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Adolf Ahrens
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 17th, 1879, in Bremerhaven, Free and Hanseatic City of Bremen, German Empire§!
Thilo von Seebach
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1890, in Leipzig, Leipzig District, Kingdom of Saxony, German Empire§!
Paul Kuhlo
§YBorn:§! §LApril 27th, 1866, in Hamm, Province of Westphalia, Kingdom of Prussia§!
Hans Klein
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 17th, 1891, in Stettin, Province of Pomerania, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Gunther Plüschow
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 8th, 1886, in Munich, Upper Bavaria, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!
§YFounded:§! §L1927, in Singapur, German East Asia§!
Theodor Wendorff
§YBorn:§! §L1902, in the German Empire§!
