Bulgaria Focus Tree
Anti-Belgrade Pact
Balkan Defence Cooperation
Bulgarian-Albanian Alliance
Bulgarian Hegemony
Yugosphere
FAKB
Federatsiya na Anarkho-Komunistite v Bŭlgariya (Federation of Anarchist Communists in Bulgaria)\n§LThe scars of the Weltkrieg were only deepened by the chaotic Bulgarian interwar period, which has left a viable niche for far-left agitation against the government. Operating throughout Bulgaria's mountainous countryside, cells (chetas) of various left-wing revolutionaries employ guerrilla tactics and terrorist attacks in hopes of ushering in revolution in the country.\n\nWhile somewhat decayed compared to their heyday in the years immediately after the Weltkrieg, this loosely aligned patchwork of communists, anarchists and anarcho-syndicalists remains a thorn in Sofia's side. In recent years, their leader Vasil Ikonomov and many of his followers have loosened on their anarchist views and have embraced French Sorelianism, attracted by its emphasis on personal, heroic action.§!\n
ZPK \
Zemedelskata Profesionalna Konfederatsiya \
BRSDP-TS
Bŭlgarska Rabotnicheska Sotsialdemokraticheska Partiya - Tesni sotsialisti (Bulgarian Social Democratic Workers' Party - Narrow Socialists)\n§LFounded at the close of the 19th century as a primarily reformist socialist party, the BRSDP's initial unity for the sake of the working class proved too fragile. In 1903, the issue of class collaboration, championed by a portion of the party over a background of significant peasant unrest, ended up splitting the party between orthodox Marxists and reformists.\n\nThe Narrow Socialists are the descendants of the former group, continuing to advocate for revolutionary socialism. They draw significant influence from the Russian Bolsheviks, believing in the supremacy of the industrial workers and the necessity of a \
BRSDP-SS
Bŭlgarska Rabotnicheska Sotsialdemokraticheska Partiya - Shiroki sotsialisti (Bulgarian Social Democratic Workers' Party - Broad Socialists)\n§LFounded at the close of the 19th century as a primarily reformist socialist party, the BRSDP's initial unity for the sake of the working class proved too fragile. In 1903, the issue of class collaboration, championed by a portion of the party over a background of significant peasant unrest, ended up splitting the party between orthodox Marxists and reformists.\n\nThe Broad Socialists are the descendants of the latter group, who have since absorbed several other left-wing movements, leading to significant heterogeneity. The prevailing sentiment is, regardless, adherence to Kautskyian Marxist ideology, emphasising a gradual erosion of capitalism in the interest of avoiding premature revolution.§!\n
BZNS \
Bŭlgarski Zemedelski Naroden Sŭyuz \
Petorka
Komitet na Petimata (Committee of Five)\n§LThe Petorka is a loose alliance of party leaders from across the political spectrum, namely the heads of \
Second Concentration
Second Liberal Concentration - Natsionalliberalna Partiya (National Liberal Party) / Obedinena Narodno-progresivna Partiya (United People's Progressive Party)\n§LNamed after the \
Second Concentration
Second Liberal Concentration - Natsionalliberalna Partiya (National Liberal Party) / Obedinena Narodno-progresivna Partiya (United People's Progressive Party)\n§LNamed after the \
Zveno
Politicheski Krŭg \
SBNL
Sŭyuz na Bŭlgarskite Natsionalni Legioni (Union of Bulgarian National Legions)\n§LThe decades-long slump Bulgaria has experienced in the years since the Weltkrieg has served to radicalise significant segments of the population, several of which have found representation in the far-right. The SBNL is clearly influenced by the Legion of the Archangel Michael in neighbouring Romania, making use of similar methods to gather influence, such as travelling to the countryside to aid villagers during harvest season, and taking this opportunity to spread the movement's propaganda.\n\nThe Legions view the \
Shestorka
Komitet na Shestimata (Committee of Six)\n§LThe repeal of the State Protection Act has given Bulgarian democracy a new lease on life. The Petorka has been reinforced by the United People's Progressive Party, with the newly established Committee of Six acting as a broad ruling coalition until new elections are held.§!\n
Non-Partisan Regime
Bezpartien rezhim (Non-Partisan Regime)\n§LWith threats within and without threatening the very integrity of the Bulgarian state, the Crown Prince has seen fit to oversee the transformation of the fractious Bulgarian political landscape into a single, unified force for the benefit of the nation. With the Sŭbranie severely curtailed, acting as a rubberstamp for the Tsar's decrees, Bulgaria may now address the issues which have plagued it since the Weltkrieg's conclusion as one determined movement.§!\n
NLP
Natsionalliberalna Partiya (National Liberal Party)\n§LThe National Liberal Party was formed as a merger of the First Liberal Concentration's parties at the initiative of former Prime Minister Vasil Radoslavov during the chaotic 1920s. It is strongly monarchist and Germanophilic, broadly acting as a vehicle for the ambitions of Crown Prince Boris. Divisions remain between the mainstream view, who often hold liberal democracy in little regard, and the old party members, who played a pivotal role in preventing the transformation of the Georgiev regime into a complete dictatorship.§!\n
DP
Demokraticheska Partiya (Democratic Party)\n§LAn offshoot of the 19th century Liberal Party, the Democratic Party seeks to uphold liberalism within a free and fair parliamentary system, in contrast to their cousins in the National Liberals. As such, they champion free market-friendly policies, as well as certain progressive values, filling a void left in the moderate right. They also place emphasis on a certain dynamism in policy-making, being openly willing to compromise with varying parties to advance their agenda.§!\n
BZNS \
Bŭlgarski Zemedelski Naroden Sŭyuz \
OF
Otechestven Front (Fatherland Front)\n§LThe Fatherland Front is a politically diverse underground republican movement, composed of the Narrow Socialists, \
BKP
Bŭlgarska Komunisticheska Partiya (Bulgarian Communist Party)\n§LThe Narrow Socialists have prevailed over their agrarian counterparts in \
SRPY
Sotsialisticheska rabotnicheska partiya na Yugoslaviya (Socialist Workers' Party of Yugoslavia)\n§LThe more revolutionary elements of the Yugoslav left have been further radicalised by Bulgaria's conquest of the South Slavic lands. Merging into the SRPY, they operate as a united front in the hopes of toppling Zveno and creating a new, socialist Yugoslavia through various means ranging from guerrilla warfare to campaigns of terrorism.§!\n
SPY
Sotsialisticheska partiya na Yugoslaviya (Socialist Party of Yugoslavia)\n§LLeft-wing politics have traditionally enjoyed a consistent level of popularity within the Balkans, and with the creation of Yugoslavia, the parties espousing these ideals have coalesced into the Socialist Party of Yugoslavia. The Yugoslav government maintains a policy of targeting leftist movements and parties, leaving the SPY to operate as a minor force within the extensive Yugoslav political underground.§!\n
DP
Yugoslavskata demokratichna partiya (Yugoslav Democratic Party)\n§LOpposition to Zveno's vision for the Yugoslav project abounds within the new state. Of this group, those not unsympathetic to the idea of a Yugoslav state, albeit a less Bulgarian-centric one, have coalesced around the Democratic Party. Despite their stated intentions to reform Yugoslavia into a federation of equals, their suppression by Zveno and the animosity of the South Slavs towards Bulgaria means their dreams are unlikely to ever be realised.§!\n
KRSP
Khŭrvatska republikanska selska partiya (Croatian Republican Peasant Party)\n§LWithin the new state, the Croatian population retains a significant amount of influence owing to their former leading role in the Kingdom of Illyria. Their interests are primarily represented within the HPSS, an organisation operating primarily underground, working to undermine the Yugoslav government in the interest of reestablishing an independent Croatian state.§!\n
Obedinena Yugoslaviya
Politicheski Krŭg \
Military Administration
Bŭlgarska Voenna Administratsiya (Bulgarian Military Administration)
BDZ
SU Kliment Ohridski
Petrol AD
VMZ Sopot
Varnenska Korabostroitelnitsa
Darzhavna Voenna Fabrika
Darzhavna Aeroplanna Rabotilnitsa
Kaproni Bulgarski
Waning Hegemony
Twenty years after the Weltkrieg, faith in the ideal of \
Military League
Founded not long after the Weltkrieg, the Military League is the organisation unifying Bulgaria's massive war veteran corps and representing the interests of the military in civilian affairs. Manifesting their political power in organisations such as Zveno, the Military League holds unprecedented power in the country and represents an unspoken threat to democracy.
Subordinated Military League
Founded not long after the Weltkrieg, the Military League is the organisation unifying Bulgaria's massive war veteran corps and representing the interests of the military in civilian affairs. After a battle for influence, however, the strength of this organisation has been successfully curtailed.
Empowered Military League
Founded not long after the Weltkrieg, the Military League is the organisation unifying Bulgaria's massive war veteran corps and representing the interests of the military in civilian affairs. Civilian politicians have failed, therefore it falls to the Military League and its officers to guide the Bulgarian state.
Prince of the People
Crown Prince Boris, the eldest son of Ferdinand, is a savvy, clever and popular figure, granting confidence to the people that the next monarch will be just as capable. He always reaches out to the people, he often drives by car across the country with no guards, stopping to converse with peasants, workers and children - there isn't a village in Bulgaria that does not have a person who hasn't ridden with the Crown Prince.
State Protection Act
Passed during the authoritarian rule of Konstantin Georgiev, the State Protection Act gives the government authoritarian powers in uprooting opposition and dissidents. For now, it has managed to maintain order in Bulgaria, but it grows more and more controversial by the day.\n\n§HDemocracy in Bulgaria lives or dies with the future of this bill.§!
The National Catastrophe
Greater Bulgaria has collapsed in one massive catastrophe. A nation that once prided itself in its hegemony now has to cope with the loss of all they achieved, with the scars of war, with the plight of millions of their countrymen beyond their borders. Shock and sorrow have overtaken Bulgaria, and long years of reconstruction await.
Military Frustration
Vast Resistance to Zveno Rule
Peasants' Strike
War Preparations
Bulgarian-Turkish Trade Agreement
Turkish Minority Autonomy
Turkish Minority Autonomy
Serbian Minority Autonomy
War Reparations Investment Fund
Commission of the Mouth of the Danube
Together Against Austria
The Dream of Yugoslavia
Despite the best efforts of the oppressors in Vienna and Budapest, the Yugoslav dream lives on in the hearts of all Southern Slavs! Bulgaria must once again carry the torch of liberation with the selfless goal to overthrow the German-Hungarian hegemony over Slavdom.
An Imperfect Union
Yugoslavia may have been established, but the absolute majority of the nation still see it as no more than a Bulgarian imperialist project, imposed upon their unwilling South Slavic comrades. Such foolish thoughts must be squashed.
Anti-Austrian War Preparations
While there is no force which cannot be defeated with sufficient will, victory over the Austrian Empire alone will require a *lot* of will. We cannot rush to battle blindly, and prepare our tactics in advance.
The Wartime Directorates
Military Credit Programme
A system of foreign credit and private contracts used to fund rearmament has been established by General Rusi Rusev, allowing us to rapidly build up our armament numbers while we are still at peace. §YThis idea will be removed if we end up at war.§!
Decisive Artillery Battle
Black Monday
Following the crash of the Berlin Stock Exchange, it was only a matter of time before the shockwaves from the economic downturn had reached Bulgaria. Our economy has been hit very hard, unemployment rates are skyrocketing and unrest is growing throughout the populace.
Dominance of the Bulgarian Commercial Bank
The Bulgarian Commercial Bank, or the BTB, now holds complete dominance over all private banking in Bulgaria. While this helps us in acquiring capital for investment and expansion, the monopolistic strangle is choking the economy and the populace is not happy with the situation.
Modernisation Drive
All of Bulgaria is dedicated towards the great national effort to modernise and industrialise the state. With all of our wills added together, we too can reach the ranks of Western nations!
Developing Tourism Industry
Access to the Aegean Ports
Agrarian Revolution
State of National Discipline
The parliamentary chaos of the past will no longer be a part of our daily life. The Bulgarian state will be disciplined, controlled, and guided from above - the Tsar will fulfil this duty well.
Women's Suffrage
The Cult of the Tsar
State Corporatism
Ministry of National Economy
General Directorate of National Renewal
Political Centralisation
State-Controlled Trade Unions
The House of Corporations
Restructured Society
The Tarnovo Constitution
Agrarian Society
Progressive Economic Policy
Consolidated Economic Policy
Territorial Autonomies
National Personal Autonomy
Peace with Turks and Pomaks
Royalist Resistance
The Bulgarian people do not support a radical revanchist Legionary regime - if it cannot prove itself, then supporters of the Tsar will rise once again and overthrow the fragile government.
State-Controlled Economy
Royalist Resistance
The Bulgarian people do not support a radical socialist regime - if it cannot prove itself, then supporters of the Tsar will rise once again and overthrow the fragile government.\n\n§YThis idea will be removed when we complete our chosen path's domestic focus tree.§!
Socialist Offensive
Dŭrzhavna Sigurnost
Industrial Transformation
Build for the Motherland
Mass Housing Projects
Communard Revolution
Spirit of Solidarity
Bearing the Torch
Consolidation of Power
Peasant State
Fighting for the Motherland
The Fourth Rome
The First Rome fell. The Second Rome collapsed. The Third Rome has abandoned its rightful monarchs. Now that Bulgaria holds the City of the World's Desire, it can finally assert its ancient claim to being an Empire in its own right - a terrifying force in Southeast Europe.
The Bulgarian Patriarchate
The Guardian of the Balkans
Under Bulgarian Aegis
The Tamed Powderkeg
Old Guard Training
Secret Rearmament Scheme
Austrian Military Attaché
Internal Thracian Revolutionary Organisation
$BUL_ITRO_modifier_tt$
Fourth Balkan War has ended
Negotiations have failed.
This action has been disabled.
New elections have been held.
Germany demanded the Balkan War to end
Germany did §Rnot§! demand the Balkan War to end
Austria demanded the Balkan War to end
Austria did §Rnot§! demand the Balkan War to end
Resistance Crackdown: $VALUE|=-%0$
Affects the result of the §YRenew the Danube Mouth Commission§! Focus.\n
At least one year of §YThe Great Etatist Project§! has passed.
Resistance to Yugoslavia: $VALUE|=-%0$
Resistance to Bulgaria: $VALUE|=-%0$
§YTurkish Minority Autonomy§! modifier in §Y[This.GetName]§! will be improved by\n  $MODIFIER_LOCAL_MANPOWER$: [?0.35|=+%0]\n  $MODIFIER_LOCAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: [?0.15|=+%0]
The ongoing §YLull Phase§! round will be §Rautomatically lost§! by §Y[SER.GetName]§!!
\n§Y[SER.GetNameWithFlag]§!'s focus §YResistance Behind Enemy Lines§! will be §Gdisabled§!.
The §YInternal Thracian Revolutionary Organisation§! Dynamic Modifier will stay in affected states for §Yyears§!. Without any outside influence its strength will slowly decrease, but never disappear.\n
§ROpposition to Austro-German influence is one of Zveno's ideological pillars. Perhaps, if we refuse all aid from the Austro-German bloc, be it material aid or volunteers, we can turn this ideological pillar into a new path for Bulgaria?§!\n\n
\n§GAfter Romania is subdued and the Commission established:§!
The §YInternal Thracian Revolutionary Organisation§! is active.
We have formally disbanded the §YInternal Thracian Revolutionary Organisation§!
The §YInternal Thracian Revolutionary Organisation§! is not active within our borders!
The Balkan Union
£command_power §H40§! £pol_power §H40§!
£command_power §R40§! £pol_power §R40§!
It costs $CP_40_PP_40_blocked$ to take the decision
£command_power §H60§! £rifle_texticon  §H300§!
£command_power §R60§! £rifle_texticon  §R300§!
It costs $CP_60_300_guns_blocked$ to take the decision
The \
GFX_BUL_intro
The Wavering San-Stefanian Dream
Bulgaria emerged from the Weltkrieg as one of the victors, and was awarded with all of the lands they wanted in the Balkans, thus the unification of \
§MDemocracy§! ($social_conservative_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Abolish the State Protection Act before the mission \
The National Catastrophe\n£white_dot All the following paths require us to lose the Fourth Balkan War.\n\n§MNon-Partisan Regime§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Put either Zveno or the Constitutionalists in charge before the Balkan War.\n£white_dot If we put the Zveno: Keep the Legionaries and the monarchist will coup the government.\n£white_dot If we put the Constitutionalists: Have the Tsar survive the Holy Sunday Church assault.\n\n§MDemocracy§! ($social_conservative_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Put the Royal Dictatorship in charge before the Balkan War.\n£white_dot Have the Tsar accept Burov offer.\n\n§MZveno§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Put the Royal Dictatorship in charge before the Balkan War.\n£white_dot Have the Tsar reject Burov offer.\n\n§MNarrow Socialists§! / §MVlasovden§! / §MAgrarian National Union§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$ / $syndicalist_coloured$ / $totalist_coloured$ / $authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Put the Constitutionalists in charge before the Balkan War.\n£white_dot Kill the Tsar in the Holy Sunday Church assault.\n£white_dot For the §aAgrarian National Union§! to take charge, allow the Orange Guard to organise.\n£white_dot If we complete the focus \
Operation Nishava
As \
But it had to be done.
Conflict in the Sŭbranie
The mood in the legislature of the Tsardom, the Sŭbranie, was far from great. The arrest of three of its members, although short-lived, has reflected extremely poorly upon the government of Petko Stainov, and so have harrowing news from the Western frontier — especially when foreign correspondents began getting their hands on the information and decrying the events as \
We have time for a debate on this...
Muraviev Reaches Out
Frontlines are being drawn both in and out of Parliament, and the greatest prize which either party could claim is the Prime Minister, Petko Stainov. In 1933, he was put forward as a controllable pawn, a jurist and diplomat with a long parliamentary career, but little experience in the highest levels of government, and an independent who could satisfy both the Liberal Concentration and moderate opposition members. Since then, however, his alignment has been more and more fluid, and those who know him well know that if push comes to shove, he will work for those who he believes will save Bulgaria.\n\nWith this knowledge at hand, Konstantin Muraviev has reached out to the Prime Minister directly, offering Stainov a private meeting in one of the restaurants in Sofia's Tsar Osvoboditel Boulevard, where the two politicians would be able to discreetly discuss the matters of the day. Always straightforward, Muraviev laid out his position clearly - ever since the adoption of the Constitution of Tarnovo, the Tsardom has claimed more and more freedom and power from their hands, adding it to their possessions. Already, Bulgaria could hardly be called a democratic state, a shameful fall from grace for a country that was so proud of one of the first democratic constitutions in the Balkans. Now, this may sound great to a man who is serving as the Tsar's own Prime Minister - however, as Muraviev points out, is being the puppet of an unhinged autocrat really what you wish to be known as in the history books? Is it not morally right, for anyone who believes in democracy, to stand up and say that we've had enough?\n\nWhat is the Prime Minister's reaction?
You are right, the Monarchy must be curtailed.
I will not seek advice from Stamboliyski's stooges!
An Invitation from Colonel Georgiev
Not all of the forces in the Tsardom operate in the parliamentary arena. The Military League has its allies in the Sŭbranie, sure, but the real power of this association comes from the many generals and officers, retired and active alike, who are under its aegis. The name of \
Indeed, perhaps there is merit in your ideas...
I will not be influenced by discount Codreanites!
The Crown Prince's Blessing
The Prime Minister did not follow the two siren calls - and so, there is only one man left for him to defend the cause of. Crown Prince Boris, the heir to the throne, has been increasingly active in the Tsardom's political arena, and as his father turns less and less capable to rule, he has taken over many of his crown functions, not to mention the informal powers he holds in connections. The upper class of Bulgarian society knows well who they're dealing with when the Crown Prince is on the stage.\n\nIt was he who orchestrated the authoritarian period of General Konstantin Georgiev - so to see his work be potentially shafted by an emboldened democratic opposition is not in the future monarch's interest. So, learning that he still has one man to trust in the government is quite a relief to him - perhaps, hand in hand, these two titans of Bulgarian politics will be able to finally put an end to the chaos of the past two decades and create a measured, strong regime which every Bulgarian can trust.
The Act is a necessary measure.
People's Progressives in Talk with Petorka
The Second Liberal Concentration is not a party, it is an alliance of two parties with similar goals, yet wildly divergent backstories. The United People's Progressive Party is the lesser partner in the coalition, but holds a long and prideful history of being the final incarnation of the Conservatives. Back in the late 19th century, the cleavage between the liberal and conservative factions in the Constitutional Assembly in Tarnovo was the defining difference between parties - and while those days are long gone and who stood for what in 1878 is no longer relevant, the People's Progressives claim heritage to those who stood by the Prince and for a responsible parliamentary system so many years ago.\n\nTheir leader, Atanas Burov, has gained a reputation as a strong supporter of civil rights and maintaining the Tarnovo Constitution - a stance which has since led him to negotiate with the Petorka. Feeling confident in his sway over the incumbent coalition, Burov has thus requested a meeting with the Prime Minister, and presented his wish to see the Second Concentration take a stand for democracy. Not only should they not surrender even more power to the Tsar, but they have a moral prerogative to defend the document which signalled Bulgaria's rebirth as an independent state.\n\nHow does Stainov reply?
Gospodin Burov, your ministers are no longer welcome in our cabinet.
I concede. With a heavy heart.
General Zlatev's Proposal
The Prime Minister's principled stand against the Zveno circle has not gone unnoticed, and expecting it to have been borne out of Stainov's fears, they have chosen to take a different approach. Once again, he has been called to a meeting, this time with Pencho Zlatev, cavalry General and one of the leading members of the autocratic faction. The setting of the meeting was a visit and inspection of one of the Bulgarian Army's newly modernised cavalry divisions, who the General assured will play a leading role in any future war against their enemy in Belgrade.\n\nGeneral Zlatev aimed to assure the Prime Minister regarding any of his fears — they are not a Codreanite clique, far from it, and do not seek to involve themselves with the poisonous rhetoric of the regime in Bucharest. Rather, they see themselves as technocrats, masters of the craft of politics who will be able to transform the country for the better, if only they are able to have a say. The Prime Minister does not even have to imagine this as a violent revolution — there is no need for the Tsar to lose his head, or for all of Bulgaria's political tradition to be tossed out of the window. Zlatev can personally assure Stainov that he will do whatever it takes to prevent \
What *I* want is for you to leave before I use that Act on your clique.
Perhaps this is the only way Bulgaria can be saved...
Black Monday in Germany
The ripples of the financial crash in Berlin have not left us unscathed. Though we are not as connected to the German market as we once were, our agricultural enterprises nevertheless relied on providing Europe's economic giant with their produce - and now, the payments from German businesses are stalling and loans from their banks have completely dried up. Thankfully, as our economy was already sluggish and not as severely attached to Germany as some of our peers, we have avoided the worst of the downfall.
Could be worse...
Bankruptcy of \
The bank runs in Germany in the aftermath of the Black Monday Crash have reached Sofia. Fearing that something alike to what happened in Berlin will repeat here, investors and normal civilians alike began rapidly withdrawing their deposits from one of the largest commercial banks in Bulgaria, \
Now we're in for a bumpy ride!
Bill Killed in Committee
Not long after the bill to abolish the State Protection Act was proposed to the Sŭbranie, the parliamentary committee designated to review the bill has more or less killed it before it ever reached the floor. The loyalists of the Crown Prince and right-wing nationalists have held up the delegates of the Constitutionalist coalition in questioning their patriotic motives and the necessity of the bill, and as we lack support across the parliament, it appears we will not be able to push the abolition through.
We will try again later.
National Legionaries Grow in Strength
The Union of Bulgarian National Legions is the most recent incarnation of a long history of nationalist Bulgarian paramilitaries, born from the vast amount of reservists and war veterans who were left on the streets after the Weltkrieg and sought a way to channel their frustration. Originally founded as the youth wing of \
Codreanu is the enemy, not an example!
Army Generals Endorse the SBNL
The radical nationalist goals of the National Legions, though hardly palatable to the average Bulgarian, have caught the attention of the army's highest-ranking leaders. Owing to the organisation's history and contacts with other right-wing Bulgarian paramilitaries, it can easily find support among the officer corps, and two notable generals have now spoken up in their favour.\n\nNikola Zhekov, a hero of the First Balkan War and the Weltkrieg, was the first to do so, writing favourably of the Legionaries in a piece published in the Military Union's official newspaper \
I will not be influenced by rabid nationalists!
Perhaps I should back them before they have my head...
\
Because of the opposition of its leader Aleksandŭr Stamboliyski and many of its membership to the war, the Bulgarian Agrarian National Union was banned during the Weltkrieg, and since then, it has lived a very on and off existence. The moderate elements of the former party who distanced themselves away from the radical agrarianism of their predecessors refounded the party after the Weltkrieg, its faction named \
Perfect! I will speak before the Sŭbranie and reveal these connections!
This would destabilise the country too much.
Our Men in Sofia
Eyeing Bulgaria like a hawk stalking prey, we see that our neighbour is entering a period of political strife. Years of resentment towards the authoritarian regime of Tsar Ferdinand, his son Crown Prince Boris and their lackeys are finally exploding, as a considerable faction in the Bulgarian parliament are now openly campaigning for the restoration of full constitutionalism and the abolition of the State Protection Act. While our only interest in Bulgaria is the destruction of this hated hegemon, we in fact have \
Getting Bulgaria soft is in our interest.
We don't care about Sofia. Chetnik resistance is our priority.
The Zveno Coup
A plot to overthrow the constitutional government of Bulgaria has come into motion, crafted by the four main leaders of the conspiracy — Kimon Georgiev, Pencho Zlatev, Damyan Velchev and Petko Stainov. Following the plan of action, the Prime Minister sent an order to call the Sŭbranie to a full session, especially including the leaders of the Petorka, all while army units were activated across Sofia and established an unofficial order of martial law in the streets. When the day broke out, Georgiev and Zlatev requested an audience with the Tsar and presented a pre-written royal decree which, upon signing, would put an end to several decades of Bulgarian democracy.\n\nNo support came across the city or outside of the country, and several politicians such as Nikola Mushanov, Konstantin Muraviev and Yanko Sakazov were detained by the conspirators. Under this pressure, Tsar Ferdinand I signed the royal decree, and later in the day, Petko Stainov promulgated it to the masses in Sofia. The royal decree called for the suspension of the Constitution, the removal of senior officers from the army staff, the consolidation of several ministries and the appointment of a new, \
A plot to overthrow the constitutional government of Bulgaria has come into motion, crafted by the four main leaders of the conspiracy - Kimon Georgiev, Pencho Zlatev, Damyan Velchev and Petko Stainov. Following the plan of action, the Prime Minister sent an order to call the Sŭbranie to a full session, especially including the leaders of the Petorka, all while army units were activated across Sofia and established an unofficial order of martial law in the streets. When the day broke out, Georgiev requested an audience with the Tsar and presented a pre-written royal decree which, upon signing, would put an end to several decades of Bulgarian democracy.\n\nHowever, it turns out, Pencho Zlatev did not appear when necessary, and forces loyal to the Constitution have entered the city, creating a tense standoff. Radical Agrarian and socialist leaders are agitating across the city for the people to resist the military's attempted takeover of the state. And as the Tsar continues to refuse to sign the order, the coup is starting to crumble before our eyes...
Long live Bulgaria!
I need to hide and profess my loyalty to the Crown!
We are too powerful to lose! Force a takeover through!
Army Stages Coup Attempt!
A plot to overthrow the constitutional government of Bulgaria has come into motion, crafted by the three main leaders of the conspiracy — Kimon Georgiev, Pencho Zlatev and Damyan Velchev. Army units were activated across Sofia and established an unofficial order of martial law in the streets, catching the Sŭbranie in the midst of session. When the day broke out, Georgiev and Zlatev requested an audience with the Tsar and presented a pre-written royal decree which, upon signing, would put an end to several decades of Bulgarian democracy.\n\nNo support came across the city or outside of the country, and several politicians such as Nikola Mushanov, Konstantin Muraviev and Yanko Sakazov were detained by the conspirators. Under this pressure, Tsar Ferdinand I signed the royal decree, and later in the day, Kimon Georgiev promulgated it to the masses in Sofia. The royal decree called for the suspension of the Constitution, the removal of senior officers from the army staff, the consolidation of several ministries and the appointment of a new, \
A plot to overthrow the constitutional government of Bulgaria has come into motion, crafted by the three main leaders of the conspiracy - Kimon Georgiev, Pencho Zlatev and Damyan Velchev. Army units were activated across Sofia and established an unofficial order of martial law in the streets, catching the Sŭbranie in the midst of session. When the day broke out, Georgiev requested an audience with the Tsar and presented a pre-written royal decree which, upon signing, would put an end to several decades of Bulgarian democracy.\n\nHowever, it turns out, Pencho Zlatev did not appear when necessary, and forces loyal to the Constitution have entered the city, creating a tense standoff. Radical Agrarian and socialist leaders, agitating across the city for the people to resist the military's attempted takeover of the state, almost sparked a firefight before getting the officers to hastily retreat. And as the Tsar continued to refuse to sign the order, the coup attempt crumbled before our eyes, forcing the conspirators to flee and move underground.
I need to flee the country!
How dare these militarists interfere!
The Non-Partisan Regime
Hard times have fallen upon Bulgaria. It faces enemies within and without. The Belgrade Pact threatens the Tsardom with complete destruction and war is increasingly drawing near, while movements of every sort wish to stab us in the back right when national unity is necessary. Syndicalist and Agrarian republican terrorists underground, the Codreanite-influenced military... For the past year, it appeared as if this was a situation with no solution. A movement for the defence of the Tarnovo Constitution has paralysed government work and every step forward has a knife held by Zveno looming over our heads.\n\nAnd yet, Bulgaria has always had a saviour! The Tsar, we were all simply too blind to see it! Now that a year has passed since Operation Nishava, the constitutionalist movement sparked by its blowback has begun to collapse in of itself - and so, the Sŭbranie has been reclaimed by the loyalists of the monarchy yet again. Advised by the Tsar and Crown Prince Boris, the legislature correctly voted to suspend the Constitution and dissolve itself, bestowing all of its powers and duties to the Tsar as its last act. If any future elections are held, they will be under the strict management of the monarchy - no political parties, no unwanted discourse, no resistance to royal authority. The Non-Partisan Regime begins.
Hard times have fallen upon Bulgaria. It faces enemies within and without. The Belgrade Pact threatens the Tsardom with complete destruction and war is increasingly drawing near, while movements of every sort wish to stab us in the back right when national unity is necessary. Syndicalist and Agrarian republican terrorists underground, the Codreanite-influenced military... For the past year, it appeared as if this was a situation with no solution. A movement for the defence of the Tarnovo Constitution has paralysed government work and every step forward has a knife held by Zveno looming over our heads.\n\nAnd yet, Bulgaria has always had a saviour! The Tsar, we were all simply too blind to see it! Now that a year has passed since Operation Nishava, the constitutionalist movement sparked by its blowback has begun to collapse in of itself - and so, the Sŭbranie has been reclaimed by the loyalists of the monarchy yet again. Advised by the Tsar and Crown Prince Boris, the legislature correctly voted to suspend the Constitution and dissolve itself, bestowing all of its powers and duties to the Tsar as its last act. If any future elections are held, they will be under the strict management of the monarchy - no political parties, no unwanted discourse, no resistance to royal authority. The Non-Partisan Regime begins.\n\nAs a part of this transformation, Petko Stainov has been removed from his position as Prime Minister, and replaced by Georgi Kyoseivanov, a much more malleable diplomat and loyalist of the Crown.
Long live the Tsardom!
I shall retire and never be seen again.
The Constitutionalist Counter-Offensive
[?BUL.BUL_parliamentary_support] deputies in the Sŭbranie have voted in favour of the abolition of the State Protection Act, an unprecedented moment and a U-turn in what has been fifty years of growing monarchist power. Though full democracy in Bulgaria has not been guaranteed just yet, it is a major step forward and the majority has forced changes in the ruling coalition of Bulgaria. The National Liberal Party, crumbling in conflict between those who have accepted the outcome of the vote and those who still believe that the Act guarantees stability, has been forced to abandon the Second Concentration bloc and form an all-parliamentary coalition with the backers of the Petorka. This government has pledged to retain the victories of the Constitutionalist movement, guarantee the rights of the people, and ensure that a safe Election of 1938 comes to pass.
[?BUL.BUL_parliamentary_support] deputies in the Sŭbranie have voted in favour of the abolition of the State Protection Act, an unprecedented moment and a U-turn in what has been fifty years of growing monarchist power. Though full democracy in Bulgaria has not been guaranteed just yet, it is a major step forward and the majority has forced changes in the ruling coalition of Bulgaria. The National Liberal Party, crumbling in conflict between those who have accepted the outcome of the vote and those who still believe that the Act guarantees stability, has been forced to abandon the Second Concentration bloc and form an all-parliamentary coalition with the backers of the Petorka. This government has pledged to retain the victories of the Constitutionalist movement, guarantee the rights of the people, and ensure that a safe Election of 1938 comes to pass.\n\nAs he openly endorsed the opposition to the Constitutionalists and did not back down, Prime Minister Petko Stainov has been forced to resign from his position, and it is reported that he will no longer run for election or seek to return to power. His position has been assumed by Atanas Burov.
I did my duty to the nation.
I shall retire and never be seen again.
Serbian and Romanian Rearmament
All of Bulgaria's primary enemies in the Weltkrieg - Greece, Serbia and Romania, and especially the last two specifically - were punished and dismantled, paving the way for a Bulgarian hegemony in the Balkans. Serbia was left a shell of its former self, partitioned and turned into a client state of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, while Romania was forced to surrender Dobrudja and its vast oil reserves. Even this, however, was not enough to leave these two states silent - and while their revanchism should have been expected, their unprecedented rearmament and belligerence were not.\n\nBucharest and Belgrade increasingly vocally speak about the plight of their compatriots in Bulgaria, the former was the first to abandon the restrictions of their Weltkrieg treaties, and now, after the Vidovdan of 1936, Serbia has followed suit. Greece faced fewer restrictions than its two Balkan comrades and so its army is already ready for battle - and the Greeks too wish to take a bite from the Bulgarian lion.\n\nWith Austria and Germany seemingly uninterested in enforcing the post-Weltkrieg treaties, the Bulgarian general staff has increasingly resigned to the prospect of another Balkan war - the fourth one in thirty years. Increasingly frustrated with the politicking taking place in Sofia, marshals and generals demand the regime to do something. They have already laid out plans for early mobilisation and war preparations - all we need to do is find the political capital for such an action.
Something has to be done!
Ivan Burov's Compromise
Another day, another visitor to the Prime Minister's office.\n\nToday, Petko Stainov was greeted by Ivan Burov — banker, industrialist, chairman of the Bulgarian Commercial Bank, or BTB. Not only was this mild-mannered entrepreneur one of the most powerful men in Bulgaria, but he was also the elder brother of Atanas Burov — the leader of the United People's Progressive Party.\n\nOnce the bankruptcy of the \
When such a deal is on the table, I can only take it.
Are you using the economy as your hostage?!
The Constitutionalists Strike!
In the past few months, support for the abolition of the State Protection Act has been rising in the Sŭbranie halls, even among the National Liberal Party — and as the government of Petko Stainov has failed to act against this trend, the Party has made its move. A \
This is really not good...
Hristo Kalfov's Speech
The opposition in the Sŭbranie does not plan to give up on their cause just yet. After half an hour of arguing and going through offices, representative Hristo Kalfov has acquired himself the parliament staff's approval for a long opening speech he will make right before the official debate on the abolition of the State Protection Act. It is not hard to imagine what the veteran's speech will be about.\n\nAn adjutant and teacher of Crown Prince Boris during the Weltkrieg, and a retired lieutenant, Hristo Kalfov sits in the Sŭbranie as an independent, Second Concentration aligned representative. Here, he has made a name for himself as a far-right royalist firebrand, swaying his less eloquent comrade with long-winded speeches about the necessary powers of the Tsar, the numerous enemies besieging Bulgaria from all sides, and the Tsardom's natural status as the hegemon of the Balkans, which must be defended via any means necessary. Should he be allowed to speak without any resistance, Kalfov will certainly cause numerous deputies in the National Liberal side to reconsider their stance on the bill. Meddling with the parliament bureaucracy and removing Kalfov's speech from the agenda will do the trick, but will resonate poorly with the legislature...
We have to do something to stop him from speaking!
Allow his speech and politely applaud.
Colonel Georgiev's Ultimatum
For the military, the continued existence of the State Protection Act is the only guarantee of the Tsardom's stability. Having gotten used to the expectation that Serbian, Romanian and Greek rebels must be suppressed by force, they don't want to imagine a Bulgaria in which the method to ensure the legality of such actions is taken away. With this perception in mind, Colonel Kimon Georgiev has requested a private audience with Prime Minister Petko Stainov himself.\n\nThe Colonel did not mince his words, and clearly explained what awaits Bulgaria if the foolish parliamentarians continue — the military will take charge and put a \
You wouldn't dare.
This might be our last chance, Colonel.
Fine, motion withdrawn.
The Bureaucracy Protests
The bureaucratic apparatus of the Bulgarian Tsardom has gotten used to a few years of authoritarianism - it is much simpler to deal with and more efficient than the radically swapping and changing governments of the parliamentary era. Seeing that the potential of a royal authoritarian regime is being undone, however, representatives from the administration have started reaching out to the Prime Minister, seeking their audience.\n\nThey lodge protests, stating that such a sudden switch away from state consolidation is treacherous when the safety and efficiency of the nation is on the line, and propose the matter to be dropped for the time being. Perhaps our bureaucracy has gotten too rotten and too privileged for its liking?
Then we shall weed out the rot!
Their concerns are valid, we will try to convince them.
The Tsar Wishes to Speak
Seeing that the nation is in the midst of potentially tremendous political changes, ones which he is in the centre of in spite of his minimised role, Tsar Ferdinand I has requested an opportunity to speak in the next session of the Sŭbranie. Though officially, the Tsar is the head of state of the country with significant powers, ones which he wielded with great effect during the first decades of his reign, Tsar Ferdinand has turned passive by now. Age has gotten to him, and doctors suspect that he has less than a decade left to live - hence, most of his duties are now being fulfilled by Crown Prince Boris.\n\nStill, Ferdinand is not completely infirm, and wishes to have a say on the affairs of state - and knowing the authoritarian tendencies of the Tsar in his youth, it is highly unlikely that he will speak positively about the abolition of the State Protection Act. And, unfortunately, being the Great Uniter of the Third Bulgarian State and all, Ferdinand commends unbelievable prestige which would sway many deputies in the legislature...
Alas, we do not believe you are in the condition to speak.
Let him speak.
The Peasants' Strike
The economic crisis settling in after Black Monday has caused destitution in the countryside. Sharply declined exports to Germany and elsewhere meant that thousands of peasants whose livelihood once relied to selling produce for large companies were now left with nothing - and help from the government in Sofia was meagre and came too late. Driven by this desperation, thousands have joined a nationwide strike, protesting for subsidies to the crumbling agricultural sector, for the abolition of the State Protection Act, and against imported agricultural produce.\n\nThough the strike is largely non-ideological, it has already been hijacked by the underground socialist and radical agrarian movement. The Stamboliyski faction of the Agrarian National Union, working underground, has been agitating in favour of the strike. In addition, many of the striking peasants are affiliated with the similarly underground Vlasovden Professional Confederation - an eclectic organisation seeking to implement syndicalist practices among the peasantry, promoting a socialisation of the land and a trade union organisation of agricultural workers.\n\nSeveral thousand peasants have joined the strike, organising protests and stopping roads with their vehicles, and it is likely to spread even further if nothing is done towards it.
We should appease them with some promises
What do we have the State Protection Act for?
The Election of [GetYear]
Having successfully braved the challenges of the past years and successfully avoided a descent to dictatorship, Bulgaria can continue with regular, democratic elections. All seats in the Sŭbranie are up for election in first-past-the-post constituencies, and the victorious party or coalition will submit a Prime Minister and a cabinet to the Tsar, who will lead the nation in the years ahead. Traditionally, parliamentary elections in Bulgaria are a chaotic and somewhat messy affair. Right-wing, liberal and conservative parties, namely the National Liberals, the Democrats, and their allies in the Radical Democratic and United People's Progressive Parties are likely to win, and could certainly work together - however, the left remains powerful. Organised around the Agrarians and Broad Socialists, they have a reasonable chance to form a majority as well.
The people invest their trust in the Liberals again
The Democrats command a second People's Bloc
The Agrarian parties unite and secure victory
The Broad Socialists obtain an unlikely plurality
The Abdication of Ferdinand
A humiliating peace has concluded the Fourth Balkan War, ending the hostilities between Bulgaria and the Belgrade Pact. A mere year ago, Bulgaria prided itself in its hegemony over the Balkans - now, it copes with the loss of half of its country, with severe restrictions on its armed forces, and with the deaths of thousands, be it soldiers or civilians.\n\nThe ageing Tsar, though hardly influential in politics at this point, announced in a radio speech today that the responsibility for this catastrophe falls solely on his shoulders. It was he who failed to adequately lead the nation in its darkest hour, and missed the signs of danger coming towards Bulgaria beforehand - therefore, he shall surrender his crown and resign. His eldest son, Crown Prince Boris, will be crowned as the new Tsar of Bulgaria, Boris III, shortly.\n\nA melancholic mood has set across the nation, its people coping with the consequences of twenty years of pride and prosperity being undone. The younger generation, which grew up after the Weltkrieg, cannot comprehend a world without a Bulgaria stretching from Ohrid to Dobrudja - their parents and grandparents, however, more cognisant of Bulgaria's state before the Balkan Wars, are more accepting.\n\nTo all of them, however, this is Bulgaria's darkest hour.
The nation mourns.
A fraction of your standing divisions will be §Ydisbanded§!.
The Abolition of the Monarchy
The loss in the Balkan War has left Zveno's rationalist regime in dire straits. Trust in their ability to rule is wavering, and many put the blame on the Georgiev-Velchev-Zlatev clique for destabilising the country, leaving it weakened, and thus falling prey to the Pact's ambitions. No amount of repression and boots on the streets can quench this distrust.\n\nLacking other options, or perhaps sensing that their regime is coming to an end and they have to change as much as they can, Zveno has shifted the blame for internal unrest on the Tsar's institution. The republican faction of the circle has won, and on the day when the coronation of Boris III was supposed to take place, the Army has moved into Sofia, surrounded the government officers and enacted a self-coup. Boris III was put under house arrest, as well as several Royalist politicians and generals. Before gathered masses in Sofia, Kimon Georgiev announced the transition of power - the Tsardom of Bulgaria is no more, and a Republic takes its place. This Republic shall have none of the weaknesses of its antiquated, weak predecessor, and will be organised as a powerful, directorial state, commanded from above.\n\nThis transition seems to have only roused unrest across the nation, however.
Zveno shall endure!
The Zveno and the Legions
During the mid 1930s, the hidden Zveno political circle and the Union of Bulgarian National Legions formed an alliance against democracy. Few on either side believed it to be long lasting, as the two organisations did not actually significantly align. The Legions, inspired by the SZRS in Russia and the Iron Guard in Romania, are vehement radical nationalists seeking to recover a mystical idea of \
The Legionary upstarts are useless to us!
We have to keep them on our side.
The Legionary Coup
An attempt to purge supporters of the National Legions from the military and administration has backfired severely. Thousands of Legionaries, led by Ivan Dochev, have taken to a march to Sofia, where they were welcomed by military units commanded by General Lukov, who defected to the Legionary side and disarmed loyalists of the Zveno regime in the city. Realising that their days are numbered, the leaders of the clique packed their things and fled before they could be captured by radical nationalists - and thus, after a bloodless coup, the military regime fell.\n\nThe Union of Bulgarian National Legions, supported by radical army commanders, has formed a new government, chaired by Dochev - which proclaims a change of course. In one swift strike, the humiliating National Catastrophe shall be undone!
Bulgaria shall be saved!
General Zlatev's Coup
Zveno's decision to maintain their ties with the Legions have eroded the last bits of faith which their monarchist allies had in the organisation, and sensing a moment of weakness, General Pencho Zlatev has launched a military coup to overthrow the regime. Sofia was surrounded by monarchist loyalist forces and Zveno loyalists surrendered after a brief firefight, while their leaders - Georgiev and Velchev - were captured. Tsar Boris III has been invited to return to the country and assume his rightful throne at once - now in charge of a royal dictatorship which shall restore stable, responsible governance for a country which needs to recover from defeat.
Long live the Tsar!
Direction of the Economy
Under the orders of the Zveno clique, several ministries responsible for various sections of economic life have now been consolidated into a single institution - the Ministry of National Economy, which has been tasked to not only manage the economy, but to bring more and more of it towards the control of the State. Already, several orders for nationalisation have been issued, mainly directed to the tobacco and alcohol industry, but the ambition of the Zvenari extends further. Kimon Georgiev and Damyan Velchev have ambitions to turn the Bulgarian economy into an organ of its state, and give examples across the world where state-planned industrialisation has yielded great results.\n\nThey are opposed by their conservative allies, however, who believe that the current economic structure of Bulgaria should not be upset too much. Instead, the regime's goal should be to streamline it, save or nationalise failing businesses, and provide relief for the farmers.
The State must control all economic life!
We should avoid upsetting the structure too much
Subjugation of Culture
The Directorate of National Renewal is a major, if not keystone reform envisioned by the Zveno political circle, a tool with a vast task at hand - to achieve a full spiritual renewal of Bulgarian society. Taking as fact that morality and natural order have decayed and degraded under the parliamentary era and a change in national morale is necessary for it to straighten, it has wide powers to censor, ban and publish publications, media and other forms of culture. This goal of national rejuvenation can be interpreted differently from person to person, however.\n\nThe republican members of Zveno, gathered around Damyan Velchev, see the Directorate as a tool to completely reshape Bulgarian culture. They lay down totalitarian goals for the institution, envisioning mass application of media, control of information and distribution of correct ideological material in order to imbue Bulgarian people with obedience, loyalty, and discipline. This is denounced as delusion by other members of the clique, however, who call for the Directorate to instead take up the call of moral crusade. Philistine drug habits and cultural degeneracy plague Bulgaria today, especially in Sofia and other cities, which need to be amended, and a simpler traditional life promoted.
We shall craft a culture of loyalty and obedience!
Ensuring public morality should be our goal
A New Administration
The Zveno regime has completely restructured local governance in Bulgaria. Districts and municipalities have been consolidated into a small number of local administrative units appointed and controlled from Sofia, stricter teacher qualification standards have seen much of the education system cleaned of the old chaff and replaced with loyal appointees, numerous settlements have had their names replaced with more Bulgarian ones. How far this centralisation will go, however, and what form will the Zveno regime take in the future are still up to debate.\n\nWhile conservative members of Zveno would prefer to just create an autocracy, presumably with the Tsar still in charge, their opinion is not shared by everyone. The core republican faction sees value in not merely absolute leadership, but one with an empowered bureaucracy below it. The issue with old Bulgaria was the incompetency of the administration, they say, therefore Zveno's regime should pursue complete rationalisation of the political system and an emphasis on technocratic rule.
Pursue technocratic governance.
Pursue governance under a leader principle.
Zveno and Political Society
Though Zveno pushed the old political establishment out of their offices when they overthrew the parliamentary regime, those corrupt politicians have come crawling back, seeking to make amends and collaborate with the dictatorship. As deplorable as working with them would be, the conservative wing of the circle makes a point that the Zveno regime is still in its infancy and therefore should seek allies wherever it can. This would involve making some concessions and possibly loosening the dictatorship somewhat, however.\n\nThe republican, radical wing of the circle instead seeks to establish an entirely new political system - a corporatist one. Their vision calls for a House of Corporations as a replacement for the old parliament, which, instead of election, would be formed by interest groups, state-owned trade unions and industries loyal to the dictatorship.
A House of Corporations will help found a new political system
We should aim to make peace with the establishment
Position of the National Legionaries
The political battles going ahead in Bulgaria are reaching a culmination - and thanks to a seeming policy of compromise and centrism between the two main factions, neither the royalists nor the republicans inside Zveno have an upper hand. There is tension in the air, and uncertainty over whether the future of the state fills many with worry of possible instability, coups, or possibly even a civil war.\n\nIt falls to the Union of Bulgarian National Legions, the secondary ally of Zveno in their dictatorship, to tip the scales one way or another. Historically, the Legionaries are a royalist movement, professing their loyalty to the House of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, even though the controlling nature of their monarchs and German birth make this stance rather eclectic. Perhaps it is time for them to finally change sides, and join the growing popular movement to finally overthrow the German monarchy to replace it with an ethnic Bulgarian leadership?
The Legion sways towards republicanism!
The Legion remains loyal to their King!
Abolition of the Monarchy
Years of reform in Bulgaria have passed, and the nation is unrecognisable from what it once was. Under the command of the Zveno circle, it has been successfully transformed into a directorial, centralised state, unshackled by the old burdens of \
Long live Bulgaria!
The Directorial Tsardom
Years of reform in Bulgaria have passed, and the nation is unrecognisable from what it once was. Under the command of the Zveno circle, it has been successfully transformed into a directorial, centralised state, unshackled by the old burdens of \
Long live Bulgaria!
Realm Duress
The loss in the Balkan War has not done wonders for the reputation of the Tsar, and immediately upon assuming the throne, Boris III already has his plate full. Opposition both from the right and the left challenge his rule as the reason why Bulgaria failed in the first place - constitutionalists declare that abandoning the interests of the people for a personalistic dictatorship is to blame, the remnants of Zveno state that the Royal Dictatorship was not dictatorial enough, and has proven that the monarchy is an antiquated institution which needs to go for Bulgaria to be saved.\n\nSporadic protests and army mutinies are breaking out, and control over the countryside is slipping. For now, the Royal Dictatorship persists, the military observed steadily and the constitutional parties remaining banned - however, the Tsar is savvy enough to realise that this status quo cannot stand. One way or another, the bubbling tensions will explode outward - perhaps it is better to negotiate?
We will have to make concessions to survive.
A Nighttime Meeting
In the aftermath of a socialist protest in Sofia, late at night, Tsar Boris III has been visited by Atanas Burov, the leader of the moderate right-wing United People's Progressive Party - or former leader, at any rate, thanks to the anti-partisan measures of the Royal Dictatorship. Burov explained his reason for visiting simply - the Tsardom will not survive at this rate, a fact which neither of them can accept. Obviously, the Tsar does not want to lose his throne, while Burov believes that the alternative, a military-enforced republic, will be even more nighmarish.\n\nInstead, the politician offers a pact - full support not only by his party, but the entire Bulgarian democratic spectrum, in exchange for a new page in Bulgarian history. Not only does he demand the restoration of the Constitution of Tarnovo, but also full constitutional reform which will transform Bulgaria into a full constitutional monarchy. The role of the Tsar will be minimised to a ceremonial role, no different from the British monarchs. It will be an end to half a century of the Tsars' efforts to consolidate power, ended in a stroke.\n\nFinally, Burov assures that he and the other leaders of the constitutionalist movement have enough contacts and backing among civil society and the military to ensure a smooth transition, with no threat of a military coup.
I sadly have to accept, Gospodin Burov.
I'd rather lose the throne than accept this!
Renewal of the Tarnovo Constitution
In a packed National Assembly, Tsar Boris III has announced a package of reforms which mark a massive change in the history of Bulgaria. Officially proclaiming that the extension of the State Protection Act and the dissolution of the Sŭbranie were \
Long live Bulgarian constitutionalism!
Fall of the Monarchy
The ongoing malaise of the government has given the opportunity for republican, Zveno-aligned officers to finally oust the Tsar from the throne. The capital has been locked down and Boris III, having been in Varna at the time, fled the country - on the footsteps of the Royal Palace, Kimon Georgiev has announced that the Tsardom of Bulgaria has come to an end, and shall henceforth be replaced by a Republic with him as a provisional President. The military has seized full control of the country, sweeping up Royalist resistance and abolishing the operation of the Constitution of Tarnovo, to be replaced with something far more absolute - and supposedly rational.
Long live Bulgaria!
The Fatherland Front
The government of Boris III and the Constitutionalist coalition have their hands full. Defeat in the Balkan War has allowed radicals of every ideological bent to come out of the woodwork and start raising chaos. The most worrisome of these has come from the left, however, as several movements fighting for the overthrow of the monarchy have finally chosen to join forces as a united front.\n\nThe Narrow Socialist faction of the Social Democratic Workers' Party, banned and working underground for over a decade, has begun working together with the Agricultural Professional Confederation \
Everything is crumbling around us!
The Holy Sunday Church Assault
The stability across the country has begun to rapidly deteriorate, all while the Sŭbranie, whose leaders swore so profusely that an era of internal bickering has come to an end, is now bickering more than ever before. A lack of funding, supplies and manpower has left law enforcement paralysed and gave way to a series of assassinations, committed by underground insurgents affiliated with the Fatherland Front.\n\nA few days prior, an assassination took the life of former General Konstantin Georgiev, Prime Minister during the 1920s and a controversial political figure - socialist insurgent Atanas Todovichin took his life in front of a church in Sofia while heading there for evening service with his granddaughter. The first step of a coup d'etat was complete - the second took place today.\n\nThe funeral service for General Georgiev in the Church of Holy Sunday in Sofia was to be attended by numerous politicians and commanders of the Bulgarian Army, many of whom received forged funeral invitations in order to increase the death toll. The Fatherland Front recruited Petar Zadgorski, the sexton of the Church, to allow a terrorist team led by Petar Abadzhiev to plant 25 kilograms of explosives to the attic, right above where the coffin of the General would arrive at the end of the procession.\n\nThree, two, one, and... fire!
The Tsar and his government attend, and perish!
By chance, the Tsar is not present!
The Rise of the Republic
Left decapitated, the Bulgarian government could not last. Within mere days, chaos set across the entire Tsardom, which the Fatherland Front took advantage of immediately. Socialist agrarian militias seized control of the countryside, while the restored Orange Guard, the paramilitary organisation of the Agrarian National Union, took over Sofia in a bloodless takeover. The remaining members of the Royal Family fled to exile, leaving a power vacuum in which the Fatherland Front has announced the formation of the Bulgarian Republic.
Long live the Bulgarian Republic!
The Royalist Coup
The Holy Sunday Church Assault has shaken the entire nation - however, the Tsar and his government survived, and so could retaliate against this gruesome act. The failings of the constitutional system have finally been revealed - in response, the Bulgarian Army has chosen to act. Sofia has been locked down and the government has been forced to resign, while the Tarnovo Constitution has been suspended for the defence of the country. Tsar Boris III has appointed a loyal government led by Georgi Kyoseivanov in their stead, which promises that it shall establish a strong, responsible regime which will guide Bulgaria through these trying times.
Long live the Tsar!
The Question of Ethnic Autonomy
Our victory against the lackeys of the Tsar and the proto-Codreanites of the Zveno circle could not have been possible without the support of Bulgaria's ethnic minority interest groups — Turkish, Serbian, Greek and Jewish deputies, among others, chose the Petorka as the least terrible option, provided they received concessions in turn. Now that new elections have been held and the country stable on the road to full democracy, these promises have resurfaced — and even many politicians in Bulgarian national parties believe that some reform in favour of ethnic minorities is valuable, if not because it will be a clear break from the policies of the past decade.\n\nThe right-wing National Liberals and Democrats prefer only minor concessions, or a territorial solution — creating a new class of municipalities and districts in non-Bulgarian territories where minority languages will be made official alongside Bulgarian and the local community will receive say in how said autonomy is ruled. The Social Democratic Workers' Party has grown increasingly attached to a different solution, however — National Personal Autonomy, championed by Austromarxists, which would grant complete education and cultural autonomy to all inhabitants in Bulgaria, effectively making the state \
Offer minor concessions.
Designate some districts as minority autonomies.
Choose National Personal Autonomy.
Fall of the Legionary Regime
The Legionary regime, established upon Bulgarian search for vengeance against the Belgrade Pact, failed to deliver upon their promise and so has fallen. Their rule was shaky from beginning to end, challenged by pretty much everyone in the Bulgarian political sphere. Their government, meanwhile, had little political experience - the young officers and agitators appointed during the takeover could not manage their ministries and had to resort to brutish measures in order to keep the resources flowing - looting the nation as a result. A clique of Tsarist loyalists has thus found it easy to sweep the radicals away and invite the Tsar back to lead a responsible government.
Long live the Tsar!
Expulsion of the Royal Family
Victorious against the Belgrade Pact, the Legionary regime has been able to consolidate control over Bulgaria by using the high off their victory. Ivan Dochev and his clique are celebrated in every corner of the nation. With their opponents silenced, they have all the power to change Bulgaria to their whim.\n\nThough the National Legions began as a monarchist movement, their rise of power through an alliance with Zveno and open conflict with Royalists has soured their stance on the Tsar. At last, Dochev's regime has announced that Bulgaria shall be reorganised into the \
Bulgaria shall be for Bulgarians!
Coronation of Tsar Kyril I
Victorious against the Belgrade Pact, the Legionary regime has been able to consolidate control over Bulgaria by using the high off their victory. Ivan Dochev and his clique are celebrated in every corner of the nation. With their opponents silenced, they have all the power to change Bulgaria to their whim.\n\nIn the end, the National Legions were founded with the vision of a strong, national Bulgarian tsardom, and a period of unclear political system has finally been put to a close. Kyril, Prince of Preslav, the brother of the last Tsar of Bulgaria, has been invited to assume the throne as the new Tsar. Unlike his brother, he is far more political malleable and less capable, and was thus judged by Dochev and his regime as a fine monarch.
He will be a valuable puppet
To Arms!
Ever since the National Legions seized control of Bulgaria, the situation on the country's borders has been tense. Though fighting did not break out on day one, the Legionary call to immediately repudiate the peace treaties of the Fourth Balkan War and reclaim Bulgaria's rightful territories did not go unnoticed. Romanian, Serbian and Greek forces remained mobilised, and the beginning of the IMRO uprising in Macedonia was seen as inevitably leading towards a war in Bulgaria.\n\nEventually, such a war did break out, as Bulgarian forces openly crossed the border agreed upon in the peace terms and joined the Macedonian revolutionaries in seizing the city of Štip in Eastern Macedonia. Here, Ivan Mihajlov met the Bulgarian military in person and declared that the IMRO will be integrated into the Bulgarian Army for the purposes of waging the renewed Fourth Balkan War. Open warfare has broken out across the Balkans since.\n\nBulgaria is stretched to the limits of its population, economy and morale. The Legionary regime has pursued a brutal remilitarisation which has sapped the nation of resources that were already drained by the Fourth Balkan War - and even if the Legionaries miraculously win, they will preside over an exhausted and battered Bulgaria. Of course, the young officers and activists in Sofia are hardly aware of the situation on the front. To them, this is merely a game of big numbers.
The Catastrophe will be redeemed!
Clashes Across Morava
Two months ago, our forces defeated the Belgrade Pact and put an end to their resistance to our hegemony once and for all - and yet, any hope that this would permanently stabilise the Western outlands has proven to be premature. News reports are reaching us from the territories of the former Serbian republic, speaking of developing resistance in the hills and mountains of the region. Unwilling to accept Bulgarian occupation, veterans of the Fourth Balkan War, joined by armed peasants frustrated with military reprisals and food requisitions, are taking to the countryside - there, much like their fathers and grandfathers, who fought against Ottoman rule, they start a new life as guerrillas, hajduks.\n\nA growing Serbian resistance movement, inspired by the Serbian Chetnik Organisation which operated on Ottoman soil before the Balkan Wars, has been registered by Bulgarian forces operating in the West, and reinforcements have been requested immediately. Ohrana paramilitaries have mobilised and martial law has been established in the Vardar region. If the situation is not put under control immediately, it may lead to a long and gruelling war of resistance.
How long will these Serbs keep resisting?
Rise of the Serbian Chetnik Organisation
The Serbian Chetnik Organisation has been emboldened, as it has found a leader - Dragoljub Mihailović, former General in the Serbian Army who refused to put down arms in the aftermath of the Fourth Balkan War. With a small group of officers and volunteers, he took to the mountains of the Morava region, skirmishing with Bulgarian garrisons on occasion while slowly gathering forces in the underground.\n\nEnough time has passed for these unorganised bands and ad hoc partisan detachments to coalesce - and the first major attack on Bulgarian forces took place in Ravna Gora, near Užice. For a few weeks, the region was liberated of all Bulgarian presence, before the arrival of reinforcements and Ohrana volunteers forced the Chetniks to make a move.\n\nNow, they have transformed into a travelling hidden army, moving from region to region, causing chaos and disorder everywhere they go and building up their forces for a larger, much more powerful uprising - one which will free Serbia from the despised Bulgarian tyrants once and for all.
We shall wash the mountains with their blood!
Chetniks Relocate to [BUL_chetnik_headquarters.GetName]
The mobile Chetnik regiments are once again on the move, and after weeks of treacherous travel through the mountains and valleys, the core of their forces have finally settled in [BUL_chetnik_headquarters.GetName], in a rural part of the region farther away from most population centres. Their journey was mostly unabated, and the Chetniks are reported to have only met light Bulgarian resistance along the way. In spite of that, this victory has been heavily propagandised across Serbia and hundreds of young men have left their homes to join the followers of Mihailović.
The mobile Chetnik regiments are once again on the move, and after weeks of treacherous travel through the mountains and valleys, the core of their forces have finally settled in [BUL_chetnik_headquarters.GetName], in a rural part of the region farther away from most population centres. In spite of this, their journey was not easy, and heavy fighting against Bulgarian garrisons has depleted their ranks. Though Chetnik propaganda is trying to cover up this severe blow, they still have to grapple with the truth - that they are growing weaker.
We must rethink our strategies!
One step closer to victory!
The Third Serbian Revolution
For many months, the Serbian Chetnik Organisation has waged a ceaseless guerrilla war against the occupying Bulgarian forces, and this period of struggle seems to have paid off. Joined by more and more volunteers across Serbia, Mihailović's Chetniks have rapidly grown in numbers, and they are no longer just a merry band of escaped veterans. Through capturing lost Serbian army equipment, looting Bulgarian army caches, and acquiring support from émigré communities overseas, the Chetniks are well armed and on the level of standing forces.\n\nHaving grown confident in the strength of his movement and seeking to show his teeth, general Mihailović has ordered the beginning of a mass rebellion in [BUL_chetnik_headquarters.GetName]. Chetnik detachments have seized control of local cities, defeated garrisons and pushed out the Bulgarian forces stationed there, seizing it in the name of the Serbian Chetnik Organisation.\n\nAlready, underground newspapers in Serbia have begun describing the events in [BUL_chetnik_headquarters.GetName] as a \
Someone will be hanged for this!
Chetniks Defeated
The strength of the Serbian Chetnik Organisation has grown so pitiful that the Bulgarian high command has found it safe enough to attempt a decapitating blow. A trap was laid for Chetnik detachments in [BUL_chetnik_headquarters.GetName], garrisons there were artificially weakened in order to draw the resistance there. The state was then soon cordoned and assaulted with full force, dozens of camps and armed partisan detachments seized, crushed and captured in a matter of days.\n\nDragoljub Mihailović reportedly attempted to escape by crossing the Bulgarian-Albanian border, but he was betrayed by one of his subordinates, Nikola Kalabić, who revealed his place of hiding in exchange for leniency. Unfortunately, we were unable to bring this reactionary terrorist to trial - Mihailović fell to the hands of Macedonian volunteers in the Ohrana, who gave him a gruesome execution.\n\nLeaderless, shattered, dispersed and destroyed, the Chetniks have finally ceased any significant resistance against our rule in all of Bulgaria, and our rule there is secure for good.
Victory!
Resistance in the Mountains
In the aftermath of the revolution, the Bulgarian army has effectively dissolved. Though the majority will eventually be brought back to the fold and reorganised to a new Republican army, large sections of the army corps have chosen to continue their resistance. In the mountains stretching across Bulgaria, these reactionaries can find a safe home where they can gather, plan their next action and spread royalist propaganda. General Pencho Zlatev has risen through the ranks of the remaining royalists, as one of the few leading army commanders who refused to go into exile and instead stayed behind.\n\nWith the death of Boris III, the Royalist resistance supports the claim of the Prince of Preslav, Kyril I, on the throne. Though this is bypassing the legitimate successor, the son of Boris, Zlatev argues that once socialism and Stamboliyski's stooges are wiped out, Bulgaria will need the capable hand of an adult monarch.
These reactionaries will be crushed!
Defence of the Revolution
With the dissolution of the Army, the most organised armed element in Bulgaria is the Orange Guard. Originally founded after the Weltkrieg as the paramilitary of the Agrarian National Union and led by Raiko Daskalov, it was forced into the underground and exile - however, it retained its leadership and was able to quickly rebuild itself after the Revolution. In comparison, the socialist factions in the Fatherland Front only have armed worker militias and peasantry under the Vlasovden Confederation, whose organisation and armament is poor.\n\nThus, Aleksandŭr Stamboliyski has argued that the Orange Guard should be called upon to defend the Revolution until a new army can be established. This proposal is harshly protested by the Syndicalists, however. Manol Vasev has declared that he will veto any proposal to use the Orange Guard as garrisons or as guards of Fatherland Front assemblies. Instead, the vehement revolutionary has offered to organise peasant militias in the countryside to come to the defence of the Revolution. Seizing the arms in stashes of the former army, they will be able to arm a large enough number of militiamen to deter any royalist coup attempts.
Allow the organisation of the Orange Guard.
Call peasant militias to the defence.
Orange Guard Counter-Coup
Tasked to protect the fragile Fatherland Front government from royalist rebels, the Orange Guard swiftly turned their weapons against their former allies. Under Stamboliyski's secret orders, almost one thousand Orange Guardsmen seized control of Sofia in the middle of a Fatherland Front congress, taking the socialist deputies hostage and cutting off the capital from the rest of Bulgaria. By the time communications by letter and telegraph were restored, Aleksandŭr Stamboliyski was the undisputed ruler of Sofia, the old interim government was disbanded and a new one, staffed entirely by the Agrarian National Union, was proclaimed. The rest of the country surrendered shortly afterwards.
Long live the Peasant Republic!
The Agrarian Betrayal
In spite of being forced to share the duty of revolutionary defence, the Orange Guard chose to attempt a takeover regardless. During a congress of the Fatherland Front, all communications in Sofia were suddenly cut off and the Orange Guard moved in to seize control of the city. They were met by barricades and hundreds of armed workers, however, and their siege of the city was broken by peasant militias swiftly arriving from the surrounding parishes. A night of bloody street battles followed before the Agrarian forces were broken, and the arrest of the Congress was lifted. It immediately voted to expel all deputies of the BZNS from the assembly and order the destruction of the party. Aleksandŭr Stamboliyski, Raiko Daskalov and other high ranking leaders of the party were swiftly arrested afterwards. No roadblock is left between the Fatherland Front and the proclamation of a socialist republic.
Finally, socialism!
Marxist-Syndicalist Polemics
Now that the Agrarian National Union has been purged and driven underground, there are two political tendencies left inside the Fatherland Front. While both of them declare themselves to be socialist and seek to create a socialist republic, they differ in their goals and ideology — an extraordinary congress of the Front has been called to elect new leadership of the organisation and decide on its direction hereforth.\n\nThe Narrow Socialists, colloquially called the \
The Narrow Socialists will lead a revolutionary vanguard
The Vlasovden command dominance with peasant support
Conclusion of the Brigadist Movement
The \
This is how we shall build socialism!
Royalist Putsch
Though successful in seizing power across Bulgaria, the Fatherland Front never truly eradicated Royalist resistance across the country - the mountains of the country, desolate and sparsely inhabited, were especially rife with armed groups struggling to restore the natural order. For most of time, this resistance could safely be contained - however, the regime's decision to seek a path to peace with the Belgrade Pact, at a moment when their control over the state was still fragile, proved to be its undoing.\n\nIn spite of the horrors inflicted upon Bulgaria during the Fourth Balkan War and in the aftermath of the National Catastrophe, the Bulgarian people could not comprehend abandoning their heartland in Macedonia, Thrace and Dobrogea. They have suffered a lot while defending these territories, but those territories were inhabited by millions of their countrymen, so how could they possibly be left out? Protests against the initiating negotiations between Bulgaria and the Pact broke out almost instantly, followed by a sudden putsch by radical royalist paramilitaries descending from the southern mountains.\n\nIn a swift stroke and after a week of fighting, the Republic collapsed, and General Pencho Zlatev announced the restoration of the Tsardom in the heart of Sofia. As the socialists barbarically assassinated Tsar Boris III in the St. Nedelya Church before their takeover, his brother Kyril, Prince of Preslav, has returned from exile to assume the throne as Kyril I.
Long live Bulgaria!
General Zlatev Captured
After a raid into the southern mountains, our forces have captured one of the leading commanders of the Royalist resistance — former General Pencho Zlatev. According to reports, the General, who was residing in exile ever since the fall of the monarchy, crossed the border to rendezvous with Royalist guerrillas — however, he was captured by our forces and detained. For the past months, the strength of the Royalist resistance has been wavering, and they were unable to protect their leader.\n\nAlongside dozens of other high ranking royalists, General Zlatev has been given a death sentence by the \
Thus onto all traitors!
Worrisome Reports from Serbia
We have received reports that the puppet government we established in Serbia is negotiating with underground remnants of the Konspiracija, and may be plotting an uprising against our rule. The regime of [SER.GetLeader] can no longer be trusted to uphold their bargains.
Understood.
Serbia has Defected!
The regime of [SER.GetLeader] has broken from our rule and arrested our governors in their state! They claim that they are a free and independent state once more and are already mobilising in defence of their newly earned independence!
Then they have chosen death
Delegation from Sofia
A delegation has arrived to our doorstep - and it comes from our enemies, turned allies, turned enemies once again, the Bulgarian Tsardom. Our relationship with this Balkan state has been far from stellar, and though Germany has forced us to bury the hatchet once so we would work together during the Weltkrieg, the tensions at the Thracian border have never vanished. Thousands of Turks languish under the Bulgarian boot, a policy of Bulgarisation imposed upon them - and a powerful lobby in Ottoman politics, mainly backed by the Muhacirs, refugees and descendants of refugees from the Balkans, seeks the reclamation of Turkish-populated regions in Bulgaria.\n\nOf course, the regime in Sofia is no idiot, well aware that a war between them and their rivals in the Balkan region will likely solicit our intervention - thus they have approached us, seeking a peacetime resolution to our tensions and a non-aggression pact. In these negotiations, we would have the upper hand, and would be able to extract significant concessions from the Bulgarians - although, is this really necessary?
Let us hear what the Bulgarians have to say
Do they think we have already forgotten 1913?
The Turks Deny Our Delegation
It appears our negotiation with the Ottoman Empire were short. Today, our delegation to Kostantiniye was ordered to depart - and after a cold reception, our diplomats have returned to Sofia. A reconciliation between us and the Turks is impossible, as it appears, and we should expect them to likely strike us in the back if a war between us and the Belgrade Pact breaks out.
We are surrounded by enemies, then...
Negotiations Begin
The Ottoman Empire has agreed to our proposal for negotiations, and our delegation has settled in Kostantiniye. In the next few weeks, long-winded negotiations shall take place with the goal of reconciliation. Our relationship with our former Turkish masters has been far from stellar, and though Germany has forced us to bury the hatchet once so we would work together during the Weltkrieg, the tensions at the Thracian border have never vanished.\n\nThe situation on our borders today calls us to put our issues to the side, however.
We should not be afraid to make compromises.
The Ottoman-Bulgarian negotiations shall begin.
Fate of the Bulgarian Turks
A million Turks live on the Bulgarian side of the border, about a tenth of Bulgaria's population, making it one of the largest minorities in the Balkan state - and their interests are, understandably, the Ottoman Empire's interests. A significant lobby, backed by the Muhacirs, presses the government in Kostantiniye to do something about the situation of their languishing brethren. Bulgaria, meanwhile, has wavered on its stance towards its Turkish population due to this reason. Konstantin Georgiev's authoritarian regime escalated Bulgarisation policies in Western Thrace, where the largest concentration of Bulgarian Turks lies, inciting protest from Kostantiniye and a vested interest from their side to ensure it does not happen again.\n\nThough it is tempting to simply invade Bulgaria and seize Western Thrace for ourselves, some propose an alternative approach. A comprehensive set of reforms to ensure the safety of the Bulgarian Turks: territorial self-government for Western Thrace, its implementation overseen by Ottoman delegates; at the same time, addressing the needs of the Muslims, a Bulgarian recognition of the Caliphate and free rein for the Empire's Ministry of Religious Affairs to train Bulgarian imams.
Demand autonomy for Western Thrace and recognition of the Caliphate.
There is no need to bring this up.
Fate of the Bulgarian Turks
A million Turks live on the Bulgarian side of the border, about a tenth of Bulgaria's population, making it one of the largest minorities in the Balkan state - and their interests are, understandably, the Ottoman Empire's interests. A significant lobby, backed by the Muhacirs, presses the government in Kostantiniye to do something about the situation of their languishing brethren. Bulgaria, meanwhile, has wavered on its stance towards its Turkish population due to this reason. Konstantin Georgiev's authoritarian regime escalated Bulgarisation policies in Western Thrace, where the largest concentration of Bulgarian Turks lies, inciting protest from Kostantiniye and a vested interest from their side to ensure it does not happen again.\n\nThe Ottomans have presented a proposal to ensure the safety of the Bulgarian Turks: territorial self-government for Western Thrace, its implementation overseen by Ottoman delegates; at the same time, addressing the needs of the Muslims, a Bulgarian recognition of the Caliphate and free rein for the Empire's Ministry of Religious Affairs to train Bulgarian imams.
This can be arranged.
Foreign interference in our internal affairs? Not a chance!
Economic Integration
Though trade between Bulgaria and the Ottoman Empire is somewhat limited due to historical reasons, Black Monday has renewed interests by companies from both sides to use the other as a fallback market, especially as they are next to one another. A bilateral trade agreement between the two states has been floated about, but Bulgarian economists have generally dismissed it as a one-sided deal, more lucrative to the Ottoman Empire, which is larger and generally prospered throughout the '30s, than to Bulgaria, which is smaller and stagnated even before the recession in Germany.\n\nAnother topic which may be brought up is the Danube Commission, an international body established in the 19th century to regulate trade in the Danube. The Weltkrieg meant that its member states were divided by war, and the Treaty of Bucharest with Romania was thus supposed to establish a Commission on the Mouth of the Danube, controlled by the Central Powers. This commission struggled to come to be due to de jure Bulgarian control of Dobrudja and died down with the rise of the Iron Guard - however, the Ottoman Empire has always held an interest in reviving the proposal.
Demand a bilateral trade agreement and restoring the Danube Commission.
There is no need to bring this up.
Economic Integration
Though trade between Bulgaria and the Ottoman Empire is somewhat limited due to historical reasons, Black Monday has renewed interests by companies from both sides to use the other as a fallback market, especially as they are next to one another. A bilateral trade agreement between the two states has been proposed by the Ottoman delegation, but Bulgarian economists have generally dismissed it as a one-sided deal, more lucrative to the Ottoman Empire, which is larger and generally prospered throughout the '30s, than to Bulgaria, which is smaller and stagnated even before the recession in Germany.\n\nAnother topic which has been brought up is the Danube Commission, an international body established in the 19th century to regulate trade in the Danube. The Weltkrieg meant that its member states were divided by war, and the Treaty of Bucharest with Romania was thus supposed to establish a Commission on the Mouth of the Danube, controlled by the Central Powers. This commission struggled to come to be due to de jure Bulgarian control of Dobrudja and died down with the rise of the Iron Guard - however, the Ottoman Empire has always held an interest in reviving the proposal, and have brought this to the table as well, requesting Bulgaria to establish the Commission once they achieve victory against Romania.
We will have to agree to this.
Unacceptable.
An Alliance of Convenience
Perhaps this non-aggression pact could develop into something more? Much like Bulgaria has its own enemies in the Balkans, the Ottomans have enemies of their own - the modernising state of Egypt and whatever will come out of Arabia, as well as a resurgent Iran. A possible idea has been floated about to form not just a non-aggression pact, but a cooperation pact - aiding each other in their respective wars and working together to maintain stability in an increasingly fickle region. This would require massive trust to be more than just a paper act, however.
Offer mutual cooperation against the region's resurgent powers.
It's too much of a stretch.
An Alliance of Convenience
Perhaps this non-aggression pact could develop into something more? Much like Bulgaria has its own enemies in the Balkans, the Ottomans have enemies of their own - the modernising state of Egypt and whatever will come out of Arabia, as well as a resurgent Iran. The Ottoman delegation has floated about an idea to form not just a non-aggression pact, but a cooperation pact - aiding each other in their respective wars and working together to maintain stability in an increasingly fickle region. This would require massive trust to be more than just a paper act, however.
Sounds like a deal.
We don't want to commit to this.
The Deal is Signed!
Weeks of negotiations have finally arrived at a conclusion - a military access and non-aggression pact between the Tsardom of Bulgaria and the Ottoman Empire. Both of the negotiating parties will abandon their territorial claims upon the other, and will fulfil their negotiated commitments attached to the agreements.
Glorious!
Bulgaria Accepts Military Cooperation
The Bulgarian delegation has given their agreement to the cooperation proposal. From here on out, we shall back the Bulgarians in their war against the Serbs and Romanians, while they will be required to provide us support in wars against the Arabs and Iranians.
Perfect.
Bulgaria Refuses Military Cooperation
The Bulgarian delegation has informed us that they cannot commit themselves to a cooperation proposal. As this was an offer rather than a demand, it will not sink our negotiations, but it does mean that the relationship between us and Bulgaria will be colder from here on out.
Unfortunate.
Bulgarian-Ottoman Agreement
A terrible change in the geopolitics of the Balkan region has occurred, which will require us to reevaluate our strategies from here on out - after weeks of negotiation, the Bulgarian and Ottoman states have announced the signing of a non-aggression pact between them. This pact has been followed by additional agreements to finalise the Bulgarian-Ottoman relationship - however, what matters to us is that now Bulgaria has a safe Turkish border, giving them free rein in the Balkans. If we wish to challenge their hegemony, we must do so with the knowledge that there will be no Ottoman attack in their rear.
That's no good.
The Bulgarians Refuse!
The Bulgarian delegation has refused our reasonable demands! Clearly, they do not understand who holds the stronger position in the negotiations - or perhaps they are blinded by their own pride. Regardless, there seems to be little room left for normal negotiations - so, with that in mind, what is our response?
Then we shall up the ante. Demand Western Thrace!
There is no point in negotiating any further.
The Turks Demand Western Thrace!
The negotiations in Kostantiniye are getting heated. Realising that a normal agreement is impossible to achieve, the Ottomans have laid down their final demand - a full, unilateral return of Western Thrace in exchange for their silence in the Balkans, without any room for negotiation. Returning with such an ultimatum in our hands will be a shame to the Bulgarian state for years to come - however, perhaps it's better than a war on four fronts?
If there is no other option, then...
Absolutely not!
The Bulgarians Surrender
Understanding that they cannot say no, the Bulgarians have surrendered to our demands, and the borders in Western Thrace are being redrawn as we speak.
Regained, without a drop of blood.
The Bulgarians Refuse
The Bulgarians once again hardened, refusing our demand for Western Thrace. It is safe to say that by now, any chance for reconciliation is over.
As expected.
Bulgaria Requests Support
Our ally in the Balkans during the Weltkrieg years, the Tsardom of Bulgaria, has reached out to us with a diplomatic envoy. Concerned by the rearmament of their rivals in the region and Austrian inaction against them, they request financial and military support to aid them in a likely war. During the interbellum period, the Bulgarians drifted away from our sphere, citing lacking shared interests as well as their frustration with Bulgaria's treatment in the Weltkrieg - and yet they return to us grovelling. Should we spare something for their aid?
We are a generous god.
We are uninterested in the Balkans.
German Aid Arrives!
Our requests for support were heard! German equipment is funnelling to our arms and their advisors have come to train our military - though it isn't much, it may just provide us with the edge we need in the upcoming war.
Hurrah!
Germany Refuses!
The German hegemon, either because it believed itself to be slighted or simply because it lacks interest in the region, has refused our call for help - and so, we will be forced to make up for this loss with our own meagre experience.
Terrible!
Create $NAME|Y$ template, with the following composition:\n - £GFX_unit_infantry_icon_small §Y9 $infantry$§! line battalions\n - £GFX_unit_artillery_brigade_icon_small §Y1 $artillery_brigade$§! line battalion\n - £GFX_unit_recon_icon_small §Y$recon$§!\n - £GFX_unit_engineer_icon_small §Y$engineer$§!
Danube Commission Restored
Following the terms stipulated by the Ottoman-Bulgarian non-aggression pact, Bulgaria has restored the Commission of the Mouth of the Danube, and our representatives have been invited to the commission. Though other nations on the Danube will also be invited, Bulgaria and the Ottoman Empire will exert greater control over the traffic flowing through the river - granting us significant dividends and a domineering role in Black Sea trade.
Perfect.
Bulgaria Forms Yugoslavia
[BUL.GetOldNameDefCap] has asserted itself as a Balkan hegemon and won a stunning victory against the Austrian empire. Today, a new state of Southern Slavs has been declared in Sofia, formally uniting Serbs, Bulgarians, Croats and Slovenes into one state. The concept for this country has been known as 'Yugoslavia' for quite some time, and it is expected that this name will become the de facto name for the new state.\n\nThe nation of Illyria was a previous attempt at creating such a nation but under Croatian leadership. Serbia too had such designs, but was completely crushed in the Balkan Wars. It remains to be seen how viable Yugoslavia is as a country.
A new threatening regional power...
The Treaties of 1904
In 1904, under Russian guidance and pressure, Serbia and Bulgaria signed a series of secret treaties, and while the focus of the negotiations was on the division of Macedonia, they also included agreements on economic integration, such as unifying the telegraph systems of the two principalities, creating a customs union and establishing military cooperation. In spite of the ratification, however, the Treaties were soon abandoned, as the overlapping territorial claims became impossible to reconcile. For Bulgarian politicians seeking to establish lasting peace in the Balkans, these treaties sometimes serve as a blueprint for what the integration of the Balkan states may look like, preventing war between them by overlapping territorial interests.
We agree to renew the treaties.
What is this, the Bulternationale? Nobody will see this option anyway
The Treaties of 1904
In 1904, under Russian guidance and pressure, Serbia and Bulgaria signed a series of secret treaties, and while the focus of the negotiations was on the division of Macedonia, they also included agreements on economic integration, such as unifying the telegraph systems of the two principalities, creating a customs union and establishing military cooperation. In spite of the ratification, however, the Treaties were soon abandoned, as the overlapping territorial claims became impossible to reconcile. For Bulgarian politicians seeking to establish lasting peace in the Balkans, these treaties sometimes serve as a blueprint for what the integration of the Balkan states may look like, preventing war between them by overlapping territorial interests.\n\nAfter negotiations, the Serbian delegation accepted all of the terms of the Treaties, as well as several more, creating a comprehensive trade and economic integration agreement between the two states.
To lasting friendship!
The Treaties of 1904
Serbia has refused to ratify the Treaties of 1904.
But why though
The Balkan Customs Union
Seeking to create foundations for lasting peace in the Balkan peninsula, Bulgaria has chosen to relax its demands for war reparations from the defeated members of the Belgrade Pact and instead requests us to join the Balkan Customs Union, which will seek to unite the economic bases of every Balkan state into one, much like the Mitteleuropa seeks to do for Central Europe. Will we join the project?
Of course
We'd rather not
The Balkan Customs Union
[FROM.GetName] has agreed to join the Balkan Customs Union, agreeing to put meaningless squabbles aside for common labour in the name of peace in the Balkans!
Perfect
Balkan Defence Cooperation
The Balkan Customs Union has already been beneficial to all sides in the partnership - however, Bulgaria now wishes to expand the agreement further, planning a series of defence agreements to integrate the region into a united military alliance. Propped up mainly by Bulgarian arms, it is intended as a defensive alliance furthering Balkan interests as an independent bloc in European affairs. Will we join the project?
Of course
We'd rather not
Balkan Defence Cooperation
[FROM.GetName] has agreed to join the Balkan Defence Initiative. An independent bloc of Balkan states in Europe grows, and shall defend our interests as a collective unit!
Perfect
Treaty of Edirne
As humiliating as it may seem, the Bulgarians have occupied their claimed land and have us at a severe disadvantage. Perhaps the time has come to give them what they desire?
Surrounded by enemies on all sides and an advancing Bulgaria in Eastern Thrace, we see no other choice but to cede all claimed lands to Bulgaria and hope they'll leave us alone so we can focus all efforts on the Southern Front.
We'll be back one day!
The Empire does not bow for Balkan pretenders!
Treaty of Edirne
We have worn down the [From.GetAdjective] resistance, and now they have finally buckled and offered to hand us our claimed lands.
Worn down by the war on the Middle Eastern front and aware that they can't resist our forces on top of the Cairo Pact, the Empire has agreed to cede our claimed lands to us if we leave the war. It would be wise to accept this offer to avoid a costly campaign in Anatolia that could potentially backfire on us.
We accept the treaty.
Push the Ottomans out of the entire Balkans!
Bulgaria Refuses
Convinced that they have us pinned down and optimistic about their chances to take more land, Bulgaria has refused all our offers and sworn to continue the war for as long as it takes to get all their claims.
Come and get it!
The Greeks fight among themselves
Greece has erupted into civil war, no doubt brought on by their sense of their impending destruction by our forces.\n\nThe Greek rebels don't seem to have a bone to pick with us, but we have little reason not to attack them while they are distracted, to retake our lands. If we play the Greeks against each other, it should make our job all the easier.
Divide and conquer!
There are too many of them...
The Second War for Thrace
In a surprising turn of events [FROM.GetNameDef] has announced their own declaration of war on [TUR.GetNameDef] in an effort to secure the area of Thrace for themselves. With our two nations conflicting claims on the area and troops already skirmishing across the border it is clear that the current sitation is unsustainable for much longer.
This is unacceptable! To War!
We are losing the Second War for Thrace
The Second War for Thrace is not going in our favour, and many are suggesting we surrender our claims to the areas of Thrace and the Aegean Coast and leave with our country somewhat intact before the situation continues to devolve.
There is no point in continuing. Send the offer.
Never! We'll fight to the end!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] offers peace
With our clear victory in the Second War for Thrace it was only a matter of time before [FROM.GetNameDef] approached us with the term of their surrender, and today we have received just that. They are offering a full retreat from contested territories in Thrace, in addition to the cessation of all hostilities immediately. What should our respone be?
At last they have come to their senses. Let's end this war.
Oh I don't think so!
[FROM.FROM.GetNameDefCap] surrenders in the Second War for Thrace
Excellent news has graced the Porte today, as we have just learned [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef] has been defeated in their war with [FROM.GetNameDef] with next to no effort from us! As part of the terms of their surrender they have promised to cease all hostilities with us. While enemies of the Empire remain throughout and within, this at least marks clear victory to us against one of them.
It's so heartwarming to see two people you hate kill each other
Did they really think they were going to get out of this that easily?
Crown Prince to the Rescue!
Newspapers from Varna report a spectacular story — an act of personal kindness by our very own Crown Prince, Boris. Visiting the beach resort by the city, the royal heard a voice coming from the distance — and as an avid swimmer, he took forward to investigate the matter himself. A few minutes later, he returned to the shore with six people in tow — they almost drowned, and the Crown Prince came in their hour of need.\n\nThis is far from the first time when Boris has made himself known to the public through personal acts of kindness — almost every Bulgarian village has a story of the \
Hurrah for Crown Prince Boris!
This story was clearly fabricated
Serbian Democrats Win Local Nish Elections
New local elections have been held across the Bulgarian-controlled Nish region in the aftermath of Operation Nishava, as many of the former councillors and several mayors were arrested under suspicion of collusion with the government in Belgrade. In spite of this oppressive touch, however, the overwhelmingly Serbian population in the region has not yielded to pressure, and the local elections have revealed even greater turnout in favour of the Serb Democratic Party (Srpska demokratska stranka), which has gained over 54 per cent of the vote.\n\nThe SDS is an eclectic party, in part a progressive republican party owing to their affiliation with the ruling Republican Party in Serbia, while at the same time heavily nationalist, vehemently separatist and anti-Bulgarian. Because of the former, they support the progressive elements in the Sŭbranie and stand in favour of abolishing the State Protection Act, but because of the latter, their inclusion into the pro-constitution coalition has been protested by many Bulgarian deputies.
Annoying bunch.
One day they will rejoin us.
Ban of the Dobrogean Iron Guard
Bulgaria's State Protection Act has claimed another victim - the Dobrogean chapter of the Legion of Archangel Michael, more commonly known as the Iron Guard. It was first founded in 1933, and received a head-start with the donation of hundreds of thousands of lev by the engineer Virgil Ionescu, which even earned him a promotion to lead the branch first in Constanta and then across all of Dobrogea. Though it officially declared itself to be a branch of the party in Bucharest, in practice, it was autonomous due to the difficulty of controlling this branch behind the tense Bulgarian-Romanian border. This autonomy has led to the Dobrogean Iron Guard working alongside local parliamentary Romanian parties, under the premise that all Romanians must work together, not unlike the PNR in Transylvania - an awkward situation considering the Iron Guard's stance towards the old parliamentary parties in mainland Romania.\n\nCiting the organisation's collusion with foreign elements, vehement anti-Bulgarian rhetoric, and their plotting against the security of the Bulgarian State, the authorities have finally dissolved it. Its headquarters in Constanta were raided by police, several of its leaders, including Ionescu himself, were arrested, and its property was seized. The ban went by without significant criticism in the Bulgarian parliament, but was met by protests among the Romanian minority in Dobrogea.
Good riddance.
We will reverse this one day.
The Great Etatist Project
State interventionism in the Bulgarian economy has existed ever since the restoration of the Bulgarian state. Lacking a strong local industry or the materials for one to develop naturally, Bulgaria resorted to promoting development via state directorates, controlling the distribution of resources, establishing strong protectionist laws and controlling the local financial sector. The first Prime Minister to fully dedicate himself towards economic development was Konstantin Stoilov — and his goals were ambitious. Seeing the industrial titans of Northwest Europe as an ideal, he declared that Bulgaria needs to one day become \
Bulgaria shall be a great power by 2040!
Ambition of the Zvenari
In the past few days, the last remnants of the old parliamentary system have been swept away. The Sŭbranie has been dissolved and absolute power has been concentrated in a small circle of civilian and military members of Zveno. Their plans are long and their ambitions are great - Zveno does not see itself as a yet another tinpot military clique nor as a mere National Populist dictatorship, their reformist goals are, if they are to be believed, of a unique Bulgarian direction. From their ivory tower in Sofia, Zveno envisions a thorough transformation of Bulgarian society, turning the nation into a clockwork machine. Irrational tradition will be uprooted, pointless distractions will be cleansed, little cracks and imperfections will be swept away, and a nation as efficient as an assembly line shall be built.\n\nAlready, however, tiny rifts are starting to form within the political circle. The faction of Zveno currently in charge, led by Kimon Georgiev and Damyan Velchev, see their ideology as a means to assume complete control of the state - overtaking even the Tsar himself, whom they see as a relic of the outdated past, and establishing a republic. This falls to direct opposition with the conservative wing of the circle, led by Pencho Zlatev, who are primarily composed of civilian politicians and outsider generals recruited to ensure the success of the conspiracy - their ambitions are nowhere near as totalitarian, and the Tsar still figures in their calculations.\n\nOne final factor to consider is the Union of Bulgarian National Legions, tentatively allied with Zveno and promoting their cause of political centralisation in civil society - sometimes with... rather violent means. Though they are of no threat right now, a great collapse of public legitimacy could lead to... something worrying.
Bulgaria will become a terrifying, orderly machine.
The Bulgarian Horde
Traditionally, Bulgarian historiography has viewed the established steppe origin of the Bulgars with conservatism. Though Khan Kubrat and his successors did lay the foundations for the First Bulgarian Empire, they say, the Turkic-descended nomads eventually merged with the local Slavs to form the Bulgarian nation — which was, fundamentally, a Slavic one. This belief is not held by Dimitŭr Sŭsŭlov, a historian — or so he claims — who has long fought for a reimagining of the Bulgarian national identity. A lawyer by trade and a veteran of the Weltkrieg, he has gathered a small elitist circle of intellectuals and officers named the \
An unlikely story!
Internal Thracian Revolutionary Organisation
Ever since our victory in the Balkan War and the defeat of Bulgaria, the provinces we have annexed from them have been unruly. The Bulgarian population there refuses to accept our rule, and the mountainous terrain of Thrace means that resistance organisations have a field day in organising themselves and staying out of the reach of our forces.\n\nThe revanchist government in Bulgaria seems to have learned how to take advantage of this movement, however, and has conscripted the former Bulgarian army officer Dimitar Madzharov to establish a united resistance organisation in the southern provinces. Inspired by the success of the IMRO in Serbia, they have announced their presence as the Internal Thracian Revolutionary Organisation. Fighting the deplorable conditions of the Thracian Bulgarians, officially proposing a free Thracian state while really just seeking to reclaim these lands for Bulgaria, the ITRO stages terror bombings, assassinations, and village attacks without restraint.
Bastards!
Zveno's Yugoslavism
The Yugoslav movement, seeking to unify all South Slavs under one nation, has gone through several incarnations, be it the Illyrian movement or the limited Yugoslav irredentism championed by Serbia. The Serb defeat in the Weltkrieg put their role as the \
Long live Bul- I mean Slavdom!
Unfulfilled Promises
Though the Vlasovden confederation has come to power in Bulgaria, their liberating promises have proven to be merely promises, and the redistribution of land which thousands of peasants were hoping for has stalled. Unlike their peers in the former Fatherland Front, the Syndicalists do not have a strong oppressive apparatus with which to maintain stability across the nation even in such a case of growing internal unrest - thus, an oppressive apparatus came to power.\n\nThe Federation of Anarchist Communists of Bulgaria, a Sorelian-inspired front for anarchist chetas organised in the Bulgarian mountains by Vasil Ikonomov, has taken advantage of the instability and seized power in Bulgaria in a swift stroke.
We need a stronger hand to save Bulgaria.
The Third State Court
Established in 1880, the State Court, or Court of the State, is a non-permanent institution tasked to try large numbers of current or former government officials for egregious crimes committed against the state. Moribund for decades, it has now been revived with the publication of the Law on Punishment for the Perpetrators of the National Catastrophe. The Bulgarian nation demands someone to pay for the suffering it has endured during the Fourth Balkan War, someone who was responsible for the nation's inability to avert the catastrophe.\n\nThe Bulgarian army failed in battle during the war, and conservative army officers point to the wide-scale reforms initiated right before the war as the culprit. They say that the reforms of General Rusi Rusev proved inadequate in battle and only caused confusion in the military at a moment when tried and tested methods were necessary. Teodosi Daskalov, having commanded the armed forces during the war, is also likely to be imprisoned if the military-focused axis wins.\n\nAnother side claims that it was the civilian administration which brought Greater Bulgaria's undoing. Having grown decadent and corrupt over the interwar years, the politicians turned blind, unable to see Serbian and Romanian rearmament before it was far too late to react. Judges favouring this side call for a mass crackdown on dozens of opposition political figures and a full purge of the administration, even if it means our state economic sector, managed by these bureaucrats, will suffer greatly.
Our generals failed in their duty and must retire.
Our politicians failed to recognise the threat in time.
Let us not search for scapegoats.
Safe Electoral Victory
The term of the National Assembly has expired, and the peoples of Bulgaria gather in polling booths yet again to cast their vote on the future of their nation. Thankfully, however, elections in Bulgaria no longer resemble the chaos of the parliamentary years, but are instead controlled and disciplined with the approving gaze of the Tsar. No parties are allowed to compete and only independent candidates have been allowed to stand for election, banded into pro-government and opposition camps.\n\nThe election has yielded an overwhelming majority for the supporters of the Tsar, and [BUL.GetLeader] has congratulated the returning cabinet with a stunning electoral victory.
Three hurrahs to the Tsar and his benevolent government!
The Third Empire
Riding from the north and sweeping across the mountains of the peninsula, numerous conquerors in the Balkans have tried to seize Constantinople and proclaim themselves as the new Emperor of the Romans — of them, few were as successful as Simeon the Great, who led the First Bulgarian Empire to its greatest territorial extent. Recognised as an \
Three Hurrahs for the Third Empire!
The Universal White Brotherhood
Founded by Petŭr Dŭnov after the Weltkrieg, the Universal White Brotherhood is a movement of occultist esoteric Christianity, and claims itself to be the successor to and unifier of \
This 'brotherhood' needs to be curtailed.
General Nedev can belong to any organisation he wants.
The Death of Ferdinand
Ferdinand I, Tsar of the Third Bulgarian Tsardom, has passed away at the age of 87 in the Royal Palace in Sofia. An active, if authoritarian monarch, Ferdinand has presided over the most tumultuous period in Bulgarian history, from the humble beginnings as a mere principality still under the Ottoman Empire, to a glorious rise until the eventual unification of all Bulgarian peoples in the Balkans. Though this hegemony over the Balkans eventually turned out to be not as durable as imagined, Ferdinand's accomplishments cannot be underestimated regardless. Whether you love him as the greatest ruler of Bulgaria since the Middle Ages or despise him as an autocrat, you have to recognise that his reign has left Bulgaria changed to its fundamentals.\n\nThe crown of Bulgaria has been inherited by his son Boris, a seamless transition, as the Crown Prince has fulfilled much of his father's duties for the past two decades. Boris III is expected to reign over a new era of Bulgarian history, as the world around it changes again, and its waves will surely pick up the Balkans as well.
Let us hope he will turn out to be a good ruler.
The Balkan Union
Much like in the rest of Europe, the nineteenth century was an age of nationalism in the Balkans, where Serbs, Bulgarians, Greeks, Albanians and others began dreaming of independent nation-states - and yet, albeit weak, a concept of a Balkan Federation always persisted. Sometimes it took a narrow form, limited to the South Slavs and thus entangled with the Yugoslav project, other times, such as in the original proposal by the Greek revolutionary Rigas Feraios, as a federation of all Balkan states. Sometimes it was proposed as a way to alleviate the ethnic tensions in the region, especially regarding the Macedonian question, other times it was seen as a way for Balkan peoples to collectively resist foreign aggression.\n\nBy the 1930s, a full federation is only limited to the socialist movement - however, concepts of Balkan integration still float about, and Bulgarian politicians such as Aleksandŭr Stamboliyski, Yanko Sakazov, and the Radical Democratic Party have spoken out in favour of it. The abandoned Serbian-Bulgarian Treaties of 1904 have served as a possible blueprint for economic and political Balkan integration - by abandoning trade barriers, establishing diplomatic cooperation and uniting to a military alliance, peace in the Balkans might still be possible.\n\nPerhaps one day, the Balkan states can still unite to one peaceful superpower. Until then, however, Bulgarian victory in the Fourth Balkan War should be enough to force the other Balkan states into cooperation.
Let us hope we can ensure peace...
Birth of a Prince
The Royal Family of Bulgaria has announced incredible news - Crown Prince Boris and his wife have produced a child, a healthy boy. The birth of the child was announced with cannon shots and a bell ringing in the heart of Sofia, and soon after Tsar Ferdinand I has proclaimed an announcement - for the occasion of the birth of his grandson, numerous prisoners have been given amnesty or had their sentences reduced, all schoolchildren in Bulgaria will have their grades increased by one unit and none of them will be required to repeat class this year.\n\nThere were plans to bring water from the Jordan River for the prince's baptism, but the [BUL.BUL_war_status] caused difficulties with the plan. Still, however, the ceremony was observed by large crowds, and the people are jubilant. General Danail Nikolaev was chosen as his godfather.
The Royal Family of Bulgaria has announced incredible news - Tsar Boris III and his wife have produced a child, a healthy boy. The birth of the child was announced with cannon shots and a bell ringing in the heart of Sofia, and soon after the Tsar has proclaimed an announcement - for the occasion of the birth of his son, numerous prisoners have been given amnesty or had their sentences reduced, all schoolchildren in Bulgaria will have their grades increased by one unit and none of them will be required to repeat class this year.\n\nThere were plans to bring water from the Jordan River for the crown prince's baptism, but the [BUL.BUL_war_status] caused difficulties with the plan. Still, however, the ceremony was observed by large crowds, and the people are jubilant. General Danail Nikolaev was chosen as his godfather.
He shall be named Simeon, after the great Tsar!
He shall be named Kyril, after his uncle!
He shall be named Kubrat, after the legendary Khan!
He shall be named Danail, after his godfather!
One day, he will assume the throne as §YSimeon II§!.
One day, he will assume the throne as §YKyril I§!.
One day, he will assume the throne as §YKubrat I§!.
One day, he will assume the throne as §YDanail I§!.
outbreak of war this year
rising tensions in the Balkans
Political Circle \
The formation of Yugoslavia has led to significant changes in the Bulgarian political spectrum, as the integration of the rest of the South Slavic lands has completely upended the nature of the state. The old 'Zveno' ('Unit') label, signifying the military clique's dedication to strength and rationality, has lost its lustre — after all, what better proof is there of the success of Zveno reforms than the fact that they have just defeated the Austrian Empire in battle?\n\nSupporters of the regime have begun to band under a new banner — the \
Together, forever!
Aleksandŭr Tsankov Defends the Etatist Project
The beginning of the Great Etatist Project has attracted criticism from foreign and domestic economists alike. In their eyes, such an escalation of state intervention in the economy will only destabilise it, and the idea tha it could possibly turn Bulgaria into a modern industrial power is ridiculous. These critics have received a harsh response from the University of Sofia, however, whose longtime professor of political economy, Aleksandŭr Tsankov, is a noted supporter of the Great Etatist Project.\n\nThough Tsankov was not a member of the economist board tasked to draft the plans for the project, he has been involved in state economic institutions in the past, most notably in the Directorate for Economic Care and Public Foresight during the Weltkrieg. Though Tsankov acknowledges some problems with the wartime directorate's work, he writes in his response article that a return to free-market economics would be ridiculous. To him, free-market capitalists are ideologues of economic systems that have outlived their time.\n\nTsankov finishes his article by responding to another common critique — that the Project is socialist — by stating that this is no cause of concern, as \
Etatism shall build prosperity!
War of the Artists
When the State Protection Act was adopted, it was not merely the minority communities or underground socialists who suffered. Free speech has been curtailed and Bulgarian literature has struggled since. While the Republican Revolution in Serbia led to an explosive revival of avant-garde art and literature, such as the Zenitist movement, Bulgarian literature has increasingly struggled to breathe. The government of Konstantin Georgiev, as well as subsequent governments, looked down on Symbolist, Expressionist or even the unique Diabolist currents, and instead cooperated with the Zlatorog magazine, edited by Vladimir Vasilev, who was much more cooperative with creeping authoritarianism.\n\nThe Bulgarian literary community has endorsed the designs of the Petorka, joining the campaign against the State Protection Act and against the censorship of literature. The poet, journalist and translator Geo Milev stands at the forefront of this literary movement. Milev was a socialist in his youth, dedicating poems to the French Revolution and to the struggle of Bulgarian communists, but he matured and moderated over time — still, however, he is a noted progressive and a supporter of the Broad Socialists. The Petorka's campaign against the Act has revived one of Milev's poems from 1926, in which he challenged the still rather recent Act:\n\n\
Interesting.
General Vazov Wishes to Help
Prominent representatives of the last generation of Bulgarian army leaders gathered in Sofia to discuss the current military situation. While some recommendations were made to the current government, only Vladimir Vazov stood and expressed a desire to return to active duty. The seventy-year-old former general is remembered as a fine general from the Weltkrieg, but is particularly remembered for the Battle of Doiran where he engineered a defeat of the Entente despite being heavily outnumbered.
Of course he can rejoin the ranks!
Let him train the next generation, instead
General Vazov Retires Once More
With [Root.GetNameDef] currently at peace, General Vladimir Vazov has once more stepped down from active duty. Word has it that his health has been failing, and he is planning on returning to his home village of Ribaritsa, where he plans to spend the rest of his remaining days.
He served his country well
Zveno Coup in Bulgaria
The Tsardom of Bulgaria, one of Germany's allies in the Weltkrieg, has been seen as the stable hegemon of the Balkans for the past two decades. In truth, however, the nation has withdrawn to internal affairs, going from political crisis to political crisis, and this year, these internal tensions have culminated in a showdown between three separate political forces.\n\nZveno has come out on top, sweeping away the Tarnovo Constitution with a sudden coup d'etat. This elitist circle of officers and intellectuals promises to establish a rational, efficient autocratic system to guide Bulgaria in the following years.
Interesting turn of events.
Bulgarian Royal Dictatorship
The Tsardom of Bulgaria, one of Germany's allies in the Weltkrieg, has been seen as the stable hegemon of the Balkans for the past two decades. In truth, however, the nation has withdrawn to internal affairs, going from political crisis to political crisis, and this year, these internal tensions have culminated in a showdown between three separate political forces.\n\nThe Monarchy has come out on top, silencing their rivals who sought to strengthen the democratic Constitution while eliminating the possibility of a military coup, and has consolidated its control over the country in the form of a Royal Dictatorship.
It was a natural transition for them.
Constitutionalist Victory in Bulgaria
The Tsardom of Bulgaria, one of Germany's allies in the Weltkrieg, has been seen as the stable hegemon of the Balkans for the past two decades. In truth, however, the nation has withdrawn to internal affairs, going from political crisis to political crisis, and this year, these internal tensions have culminated in a showdown between three separate political forces.\n\nThe Petorka, an alliance of political parties seeking to defend the Bulgarian constitution, has come out on top, forcing the monarchy to abandon numerous authoritarian acts and amend the Constitution to allow for a truly constitutional monarchy in Bulgaria, reversing a long trend of authoritarianism.
Could this idealism last?
Legionary Takeover in Bulgaria
Having once dominated over the Balkan peninsula, the Tsardom of Bulgaria has fallen, defeated in war by its enemies in the Belgrade Pact. This so-called \
What does this mean for the Balkans?
Fatherland Front Takeover in Bulgaria
Having once dominated over the Balkan peninsula, the Tsardom of Bulgaria has fallen, defeated in war by its enemies in the Belgrade Pact. This so-called \
What does this mean for the Balkans?
Formal Protest from the [FROM.GetAdjective] Government
Today 0800 hours our foreign secretary was woken up by a not entirely pleasent news: [FROM.GetName] issued an official formal protest at the [ROOT.GetAdjective] foreign ministry citing our government's actions against ITRO - or more exactly the lack of thereof. Later that morning, handing over the sealed letter the [FROM.GetAdjective] ambassador in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] demanded an answer on the official stance and support of our government on this \
Simply ignore them.
Well if they want it so much...
What are they talking about? They are the ones sitting on rightful Bulgarian land??
The Bulgarian Answer
After a week of deliberation Sofia responded to our formal protest positively: they formally disbanded the ITRO, cutting them off from vital resources. Authorities even confiscated around 400 guns and 12 mortars in a Plovdiv warehouse, with two man arrested. Personnel leaving the military temporarily to join the ITRO were called back with immediate effect.\n\nHowever it speaks volumes, that other, supportive organisation to the ITRO's cause, like the Thracian Scientific Institute can continue to function without a problem in Sofia. Also in the [ROOT.GetAdjective]-[FROM.GetAdjective] border, the ITRO detachments couldn't care less about what the [FROM.GetAdjective] government announced, they still having a strong presence in the region.
Even after a week after submitting our formal protest there is still no answer from Bulgaria. Our countries' relation is worse than ever after our actions in the last Balkan War, to which their reaction was the organisation of ITRO. Our ambassador in Sofia was repeatedly refused entry to the foreign office to meet with their Bulgarian counterpart after previously handing over our formal protest, it seems like they chose to straight up ignore our diplomatic request. Not an entirely unexpected development, but a very ungentlemanly gesture from the Bulgarians.
In Sofia they surely took their time until we finally received their answer through official channels, though to call this diplomacy, is an absolute joke. It seems that they took our formal protest as some kind of proof of righteousness of their actions, as they spun a very aggressive rhetoric out of it with our formal protest flying right beside their ears completely.\n\nIn their reply they criticised our ambassador in Sofia of calling the ITRO a \
We are glad they saw reason.
Their silence is proof of their collaboration with ITRO.
This is outrageous!
The Manhunt is Unsuccessful
After weeks of searching, sweeping the mountain villages at the Bulgarian border, we couldn't find Madzharov - as if he disappeared into thin air. While we could intercept a few ITRO squads and raid several of their income-providing tobacco farms, the whole hunt after the leader of the Thracian Revolutionary Organisation concluded in failure. Tips from the loyal local populace suggest that he crossed the border alongside his second-in-command Ivan Ormandzhiev, just days after our first units started to arrive in the region, pointing out the fact that we deployed our troops too aggressively and scared off the head of the snake.
Let him run scared with his life back to where he came from!
The Manhunt is Successful
After weeks of searching, sweeping the mountain villages at the Bulgarian border, we finally cornered our target. Cleverly drawing him out in the open with targeting the ITRO's tobacco farms, Madzharov overextended his warbands, leaving his hideout exposed. After surrounding the farmhouse and a quick but fierce shootout, our soldiers stormed the bulding only to find Madzharov laying dead on the floor, still grabbing onto his service pistol which he got for his service in the Bulgarian Army.\n\nA tragic end for the revolutionary, perhaps, but a deserved one. With his fall, the ITRO is now leaderless.
Good job team!
Surprising Success in the Manhunt
After weeks of no success of tracking down Madzharov, one of our patrols arrived at a lonely farmhouse near the [ROOT.GetAdjective]-Bulgarian border. They have used it as a resting place before, as the elderly man living there greeted them with Rakiya every time they stopped for a short pause. But this time, instead of the kind old man, it was none other than Madzharov himself who opened the door!\n\nUnbeknownst to our patrol, they had stumbled upon a high-ranking ITRO meeting, with several key leaders present. After a fierce but short shootout, Madzharov lay dead on the ground alongside his second-in-command Ivan Ormandzhiev. Our forces also captured several subcommanders and, most critically, the ITRO's treasurer, Dimitar Tokmakov, essentially beheading the organisation.
Luck favours... the [ROOT.GetAdjective]?
Operation Nishava
We have acted softly towards the Serbs in the Nish region for long enough - ever since General Georgiev's regime, in fact. It is time for change - with the State Protection Act at hand, we shall strike the den of traitors and extinguish separatism in our Western provinces!
Abolish the State Protection Act
Democracy in Bulgaria cannot last as long as the State Protection Act is in effect - it will be subverted by the Tsar or by the military. If we wish to save it, this stepping stone towards authoritarianism has to go!
Curtail the Military League
The Military League manifests its political influence in subversive organisations such as the Zveno - we must prevent them from seizing power and overthrowing the civilian regime by removing Union-aligned officers or moving them to less important posts.
This focus can be completed §Yfive§! times (Currently §Y[?BUL.BUL_curtail_focus_amount_var]§!/§Y5§!).
Dousing the Powderkeg
For two decades, we have rested on our laurels - but our enemies in the Balkan Wars did not waste that time, and have begun rearming. Worrying news come from Serbia and Romania, both of the states having abandoned the limitations imposed by their peace treaties, and Greece seems to follow suit... It falls to us to douse the powderkeg of the Balkans again.
The Bulgarian people do not miss war - and so, this decision will have the following effects:\n
Mission to Kostantiniye
Though we fought alongside the Ottomans in the Weltkrieg, relations between us are hostile. The Turks still seek to liberate their brethren in Western Thrace, and will surely attack if not appeased beforehand. Though we will likely have to make concessions, surely, it is better than a four-front war, and the Turks will be amiable to negotiation?
If this focus is not taken before the start of the Fourth Balkan War, there §Rwill§! be an Ottoman intervention.
Maintain the Pressure
In the next Balkan War, we can only trust Bulgarians to be truly loyal. Any Serbs, Romanians, Greeks or Turks are potential traitors, just waiting for a chance to stab us in the back and support the invaders - therefore, the only language they can understand is violence. We will maintain the pressure started by Operation Nishava, and root out all insidious treasonous organisations.
Promise Post-War Ethnic Autonomy
The only way we can win the next Balkan War is by drawing at least some of the Serbian, Romanian and Greek minorities to our side. Let us promise them autonomy after the war and try to discourage them from supporting the radicals in Belgrade or the oppressive Codreanites in Bucharest.
Appeal for German Support
The German Empire, though unwilling to invade the Belgrade Pact and topple it, is still able to support us - and so, we need to ask for as much support from them as we possibly can. Guns, military advisors and expertise, anything will be of use when we are still unprepared for the conflict.
Pass the Deposit Protection Law
The world economic crisis is upon us, and the fragile native banking sector of Bulgaria struggles with the pressure. In order to prevent a full collapse of the Bulgarian economy, we must empower the National Bank to bail out failing banks and forcefully merge others to keep the financial sector afloat.
Clean the Legacy of Partisanstvo
The Partisanstvo is a derogatory term for the tradition of partisan clientelism and clique-based politics in Bulgaria before the Weltkrieg. Though it has receded by now, the negative effects of this graft, corruption and client networks keep our administrative apparatus ineffective - and so they have to be cleaned out.
Force BTB to Absorb \
The Bulgarian Commercial Bank, the largest commercial bank with Bulgarian capital, has had a close relationship with \
Curtail the Debt Directorate
The General Directorate of State-Guaranteed Debts governs the activities of the National Bank and manages state debt - and they have been very stringent about relaxing their control. The economic crisis of the day does not allow us to stay conservative with spending, however, we need to put a lot of money in the hands of the people and fast - thus, we have to curtail the Directorate.
Public Works and Land Clearances
Thousands are unemployed on the streets, and while the business sector recovers, the government has to pick up the slack. We shall establish public works, road building projects and clearances of unused land where thousands will be employed for manual labour - low paying, sure, but it will give them a living.
Mandate National Bank Lending
The final step in our economic recovery is to rapidly increase the amount of capital in the market - for that, we shall force the National Bank to lend to us at effectively zero interest, giving us a supply of money which we will be able to inject into the economy. In a matter of time, the economic woes will recede.
You will enter the final stage of economic recovery - your §YBlack Monday§! spirit will automatically reduce every 180 days until being fully removed.
Restore the Wartime Directorates
During the Weltkrieg, we established several Directorates to manage our meagre resources and rapidly shift the country to wartime production. War has returned to Bulgaria, and therefore, the Wartime Directorates should return as well - our military industry is woefully unprepared for the onslaught.
Emergency Conscription
Besieged from several sides, we must rapidly increase the size of the Bulgarian Army just to cover the front. We must loosen our restraints on conscription, establish regional recruitment centres, and mobilise veterans of the Weltkrieg to the front lines.
Integrate Ohrana to Army Formations
The Ohrana, Macedonian self-defence organisations, have been a great boon to us in suppressing Serbian separatism after the Weltkrieg. These former IMRO comitas offer their service to us again, and we shall integrate their units into the Bulgarian army, stratifying their battalions by quality and equipping them with modern weaponry.
SGOP Directorate
The Directorate of Economic Care and Public Foresight was the first attempt to regulate the Bulgarian economy at a large scale, established during the Weltkrieg. Though it was not effective back then, plagued by corruption scandals and inefficiency, we need their aid to move us to a war economy, and we will ensure that the Directorate is more effective this time.
Rusev's Reform Plan
General Rusi Rusev, Chief Inspector of Armaments in the Ministry of War, has been a leading voice for reform in the Bulgarian army since the 1920s - and his reform plan, centred around the mass application of artillery and turning the Army into a modernised professional force, has been deemed acceptable by the army staff. Let us appoint him as the Minister of War so it can be implemented!
Force Concentration
The wars of today require the application of concentrated force in vulnerable sections of the front, overwhelming the enemy locally and completely destroying sections of the enemy line. Large front tactics are a thing of the past, local superiority is the future.
Army Contract Credit Programmes
As Chief Inspector of Armaments, General Rusev implemented a programme of arms purchase via contracts and loans taken out in the name of the Army. Let us build upon this foundation and establish a credit system for military contracts, allowing us to rapidly build up our arms supply before war breaks out.
Decisive Artillery Battle Doctrine
Supremacy of the artillery piece is the future - especially in the Balkans, where the rugged terrain makes larger engagements more difficult and requires long-range destruction. The army which will bring a greater artillery fleet, and learns how to apply it in support of infantry formations, will prevail. We shall be that army.
The Bulgarian Armoured Project
During the 1920s and 1930s, the Bulgarian military was plotting the creation of a native Bulgarian armoured formation, inspired by the success of tanks in the Western Front of the Weltkrieg. This armoured spearhead will be an immeasurable aid in applying Decisive Artillery Battle, and so, we shall finally implement this project.
Utmost Equipment Standardisation
General Rusev has a reputation for being a rigorous inspector of armaments in the Bulgarian Army, and his strategies in ensuring the efficiency of Bulgarian equipment production need to be implemented universally. In the end, there is no tool of war more reliable than a high-quality rifle which is quick to produce.
Mountain Batteries
The mountain is the natural home of the field artillery gun - difficult to assault from below and giving the gunners incredible range. In wars stretching across the Balkans, we must take advantage of this and establish a network of mountain batteries to break through the enemy from incredible distances.
Cavalry Semi-Motorisation
The Bulgarian cavalry is a large and important section of the Army - however, if it wishes to remain relevant in the wars of the future, it must become a mobile assault force capable of taking advantage of local breakthroughs. We must expand motorcycle battalions in our cavalry divisions and partially equip them with trucks, granting them sufficient mobility even when the horse cannot compete.
Airforce Inter-Operation
The Bulgarian air force has been neglected during the Interwar years, but the army reform project has great plans for it. Its inter-operation with land formations and especially artillery would ensure wholesale destruction of enemy forces during battle.
Rejuvenate the State Airplane Workshop
The State Airplane Workshop, or the DAR, is the primary aircraft producer in Bulgaria, a state-owned company in Bozhurishte which specialises in the construction of light attack aircraft. Providing it with additional funding and an expansion of facilities will ensure a steady supply of aircraft for the army.
Expand the Bozhurishte Airfield
The Bozhurishte Airfield near Sofia is the headquarters of the Bulgarian Air Force - however, it was built with an older generation of aircraft in mind. We must expand the landing strips and construct additional facilities to house even more aircraft as well as the maintenance staff.
Combined Arms Destruction
Our air doctrine must focus on the cooperation between the air fleet and ground forces - close air support planes can play the same role as artillery, except unabated by range nor speed, and the advance of infantry breakthroughs may soon only be possible with a sky defended by our fighter planes.
Conquest of the Two Seas
The Weltkrieg saw us consolidate our gains in the Aegean Sea, giving us an outlet to the ocean not reliant on Turkish whims in the Bosphorus, and though the sea was never the priority of the Bulgarian armed forces, we must take an advantage of this strategic position.
Post-Weltkrieg Submarine Tactics
Lacking the resources or funding to field a large surface field, we have to rely on submarines to harass and threaten enemy fleets from the safety of the depths. Our naval designers and admirals must focus on the adoption of new submarine tactics and the modernisation of our submarine fleet.
\
The battlecruiser \
Expand the Varna Port
Varna is the key port of the Bulgarian state, a shipping hub that allows us to export natural resources across the Black Sea and beyond. We must dedicate additional funding towards the expansion of dockyards and repair facilities in the port, all while laying down the groundwork for coastal fortifications to defend the city from amphibious assaults.
The Great Etatist Project
For too long, Bulgarian industry has atrophied, struggling to overcome the shellshock of the Weltkrieg. No more! With the aid of a plenum of Bulgaria's finest economists and engineers, we have drafted a plan for a great step forward, guided by the benevolent efforts of the State - and it is time we began implementing it!
Mass Proliferation of Fertilisers
Bulgaria is a nation of peasants - therefore, the peasant needs to be immersed in our modernisation programme as much as the factory worker is. Our transformation of agriculture shall begin with the mass distribution of fertilisers and cheap credits for the purchase of tractors.
National Rodno Radio Coverage
Established in Sofia in 1930, Rodno Radio is the first large radio station in all of Bulgaria. In the modern-day, however, states can only prosper if they have full control of telecommunications and the media to give the right information and squash false rumours. We shall nationalise Rodno Radio, transform it to a state broadcaster, and expand its coverage to the whole country.
Cotton and Tobacco Farming
Cereals and edible crops, though vital to a nation, are not lucrative - and if we wish to have a strong agricultural sector that can finance industrialisation, we must transition some of our countryside towards cash crops. Cotton, tobacco, and other agricultural resources will be able to build up significant wealth.
University Network Specialisation
Though the University of Sofia is adequate for the needs of a smaller country, we need not just a general higher institution, but specialised universities for technicians, scientists and military officers, which will be able to grow our pool of educated intellectuals much faster and in directions we need it to.
Second Stoilovite Industrialisation
In his prime ministership, Konstantin Stoilov laid the foundations for industrialisation in Bulgaria, and dozens of companies still existing today were founded in his time. We need to capture the success of his era again and lay down the foundation for a second period of mass modernisation.
Raise the Ruse Industrial Centre
Ruse on the Danube River has been the industrial centre of Bulgaria for decades, and our victory in the Weltkrieg has rejuvenated the city, as we gained even greater control over the Danube at Romania's expense. We must establish new state-owned industries in the Ruse industrial region to capitalise on this.
Develop Production of Electricity
The twentieth century is an era of electric power - without safe access to electricity, we will never truly industrialise. To amend this, we shall dedicate resources to the construction of new hydroelectric and heat-based power plants across the country.
Subsidise the Textile Industry
The production of textile is an important sector of Bulgarian industry, though so far it has been limited to domestic consumption. With state funding for the modernisation of textile companies, import of new machines and expansion of facilities, we will be able to drastically increase output and even begin textile export.
Bratya Veshkovi Oil Refinery
In Ruse, the Veshkovi brothers established the first oil refinery in Bulgaria in 1933, although, as it was founded with their personal funds, it is small and nowhere near the output of modern Western refineries. The protection and care of the government will be able to ensure its growth, however.
Explore the Kremikovtsi Ore Deposits
Northeast of our capital, Sofia, lie large deposits of iron ore, even if its quality is rather mixed and iron mining there would endanger air and water health safety in the region. We should begin exploratory missions in the mountainous Kremikovtsi area and, if the situation allows it, establish extraction facilities.
Improve the Berlin-Basra Line
We are situated on the great Eastern express, going from Berlin to the coast of the Persian Gulf in Basra. It is our duty to maintain our part of the line and ensure that the flow of passengers and goods along this line only grows and grants us revenue.
Construct the Sub-Balkan Line
The Sub-Balkan line is envisioned as a branch from the Berlin-Basra Line and will connect Sofia with cities in the east - eventually leading to Burgas. This line will drastically increase traffic going from our industrial centres around the capital towards our main ports on the Black Sea, for both import and export needs.
Scenic Narrow-Gauge Routes
Mountains in Macedonia are untainted by man's touch and beautiful to traverse - a great attraction for tourists. Scenic routes snaking along these mountain ranges, built with narrow-gauge rail, can be an experience thousands of people across the world would pay for.
Transition to the Southern Ports
As useful as our ports on the Black Sea are, the everpresent possibility of trade flow across the Bosphorus being blocked forces us to search for alternate options. The state shall establish new ports in the south, on our Aegean coast - there, trade will not be choked by anyone.
The Muesmann Plan
Developed by German professor Adolf Muesmann, the Muesmann Plan is a vast project for the renewal of Sofia and its transformation into a modern capital city. It envisions a city designed with concentric zoning, divided into residential and industrial zones in the periphery and a central core banded by a ring boulevard. It will also allow Sofia to house over half a million people, with room for expansion!
§YSofia§! gains the modifier §YMuesmann Plan§!, which grants\n      $MODIFIER_STATE_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: §G+25%§!\n      $MODIFIER_LOCAL_BUILDING_SLOTS$: §G+3§!\n\n
Muesmann Plan
Develop the Summer Capital
Varna, our port on the Black Sea shores, is rapidly turning into a tourism hub, a so-called \
Mass Urbanisation Planning
As our industrial base grows, more and more people are drawn to the cities - Sofia, Plovdiv, Ruse, Burgas, Varna and several others. Before we are struck with an overpopulation crisis, we should expand city infrastructure accordingly - renovate the water supply systems, build cheap housing in the suburbs and establish guest worker programmes.
The Royal Dictatorship
It is obvious to all of us that the Royal Family is the most benevolent and respectable force in Bulgarian politics of today. Therefore, to put an end to petty politicking, military plotting and revolutionary terrorism, all of the power must be bestowed solely to his persona.
Anti-Partisanship
Political parties are one of the main causes of our internal malaise. They only seek to enrich themselves and promote the interests of a fraction of the citizenry - the Tsar, meanwhile, has no nefarious interests and serves to all subjects by design. It will be much more effective to build a political system solely around him.
Trials of the Officer Conspiracy
The Military League has shown its face by throwing their lot with the Zveno conspiracy - therefore, this haven of disloyal generals and veterans shall be rooted out. We shall hold pompastic trials across the country and control the strings so Velchev and Georgiev are put where they belong - in prison.
Ordinance on Military Moral Preservation
To prevent any further rebellion from the part of the military, we shall ensure civilian control over the army with an ordinance granting civilian institutions and courts further power in investigating officers as well as challenging them in court. New independent observers shall be established to keep track of all happenings in the military and secret cliques will be forcefully dissolved.
Discipline the Sŭbranie
The Sŭbranie, theoretically supposed to represent the people and the common interest, has been distracted by petty politicking and backstabbing. To ensure that they work for the interest of the people, not a chosen few, they need to be disciplined and their power needs to be curtailed.
Pursuit of Class Solidarity
While socialism does raise some good points regarding the needs of the common man, class warfare is not the way to accomplish this. Under the benevolent guidance of the Tsar, we shall create a society where all classes work in solidarity towards the common good.
The Cult of the Tsar
The Tsar and his royal family should be an example for all Bulgarians. Above all political squabbles, heroes of the Balkan Wars and the Weltkrieg, who selflessly work for the good of the people, unlike their opponents - you cannot find a person or an organisation more fitting to rule. We shall encourage this cult of personality and instil a worship of the Tsar's persona in every home!
Co-opt the Nationalist Right
Nationalist paramilitaries such as the Legions and Rodna Zashtita may be vehemently xenophobic and extremist, but they are loyal to the Tsardom nevertheless. Their youthful energy can be co-opted and wielded for the needs of the nation - with this goal in mind, we shall create an official youth organisation, named Brannik (\
Promote Royal Patronage Societies
The Royal Family dedicates a lot of its time and resources to patronage - supporting societies and organisations such as soup kitchens, artist groups and the Bulgarian Red Cross. We shall promote these ventures, create a propaganda network centred around them, and let the people know that their monarch truly cares for them.
State Corporatism
Bulgarian prosperity can only be built via cooperation between business and state - we shall contract Bulgarian companies to work for public projects at a discount and start integrating them into the government. A loyal class of entrepreneurs working closely with government officials shall propel our nation forward!
The Tsar's Constitution
Enough reforms have been implemented that limited electoralism can be restored across Bulgaria. There shall be no parties, of course, and the government of the Tsar will observe elections to ensure that only right and selfless people are elected to represent his subjects - but compared to the dictatorial goals of Zveno, it is a breath of fresh air, for sure.
Promulgate Women's Suffrage
There is no reason for women to not have the same rights as men when it comes to political action - and Boris has prided himself as a defender of women's suffrage for several years. Now that there are no obstacles to this reform, it can be safely implemented.
Expand the Non-Partisan Clique
Now that our control over Bulgaria has been consolidated, the non-partisan clique of politicians, officers and business representatives advising our Tsar can be expanded. Politicians from the opposition who have grown tired of never tasting power can return to our fold, and moderate Zvenari can be rehabilitated as well.
Political Rationalisation
Bulgaria has suffered greatly, decades of partocracy have driven it to ruin while the Tsar's sycophants threaten to suck the last juices out of its decayed carcass. It falls to us, the Zveno circle, to reinvigorate it. We shall transcend partisanship and the shackles of old, and create a new, powerful, rational Bulgarian state!
Not Pars, But Toto
The word 'party' comes from the Latin word 'pars', meaning 'fraction' - and this lays a hint to their nature. They will never truly represent national interest, only a mere fraction which backs them in elections. We, the Zveno clique, are not so foolish. Whenever we act, we do so in the name of the entire nation!
State-Controlled Labour Unions
Labour unions are an inherently divisive entity, forming rifts between classes in a period when the unity of all Bulgarians is mandatory. We shall eliminate this threat by establishing the Bulgarian Workers' Union and forcing all workers into this state-controlled organisation - which will be able to manage labour relations to our benefit.
The House of Corporations
Greatly popular in Zveno circles, corporatism is a perfect fit for their ideology - a system in which all social groups are integrated into an upper house where they can achieve a consensus in the name of national interest. As we have no need for the elected Sŭbranie, this shall be a fine replacement.
The Ministry of National Economy
Currently, several economic ministries manage economic affairs across our entire state, not to mention a plethora of directorates which are concerned with specific economic questions. This chaos and disorder shall end, and all of these institutions shall be consolidated into a single Ministry of National Economy.
Eliminate Parasitic Industry
Parasitic industry in Bulgarian jargon refers to industries and factories whose imports and exports are dominated by foreign goods - therefore they are a leech on Bulgarian society, employing our labour yet providing nothing for the local economy. This practice will be fought and economic autarky shall be established.
Bulgarian Agricultural and Cooperative Bank
The central banking system in Bulgaria could use some reform, and especially centralisation - we shall merge several state-owned banks into the Agricultural and Cooperative Bank, which shall place most banking operations in the country under the control of a single bureau and thus greatly enhance our control over the economy.
The Directorate of National Renewal
Bulgaria will not be saved via mere change of government - it can only be saved if it is renewed spiritually. The Directorate of National Renewal shall take up on this task, granted sweeping powers to control the media, direct cultural and intellectual life all for the good of Bulgaria.
A New Bulgarian Culture
The ultimate goal of the Directorate of National Renewal is to reconstruct Bulgarian culture for the modern era. To this goal, we shall foster obedience, loyalty, devotion to one's nation and the state, and determination. The new Bulgarian man shall be a loyal subordinate of a perfectly efficient technocratic machine!
State Monopolies on the Sale of Vices
Vices such as alcohol, cigarettes and gambling are a threat to national integrity and to the positive labour of Bulgarian citizens. These vices shall be fought with state intervention - we shall impose monopolies on them and begin significantly curtailing their distribution, in the name of public morality.
Centralisation of the Political System
The political system must be transformed to an organ more powerful than ever before. New provinces shall be drawn, mayor elections will be abolished and replaced by central appointment, and the Constitution of Tarnovo will be officially abolished. And only we will tell what system shall replace it.
Order by the Leader Principle
The greatest weakness of democracy is that it lacks a figure to rally behind, while the Tsarist loyalists seek to rally the nation against an icon which should have stayed in the Middle Ages. No, a modern, efficient state needs a strong leader, one who will be able to command complete loyalty from his subordinates and guide Bulgaria to his will!
Construct Technocratic Hierarchy
The old systems of patronage and democratic responsibility cannot effectively distribute resources anymore. No, we shall appoint ministers, governors and local officials upon their merit alone - we shall craft a system where only the most skilled and technically capable men assume posts of government.
The Cessation of the Orchestra
Years of reform are coming to an end. Today, it all shall culminate in one path or another - will Bulgaria maintain the Tsar on the throne, or will it abandon this ancient institution and become a Republic at last? No matter what, at least one member of the cabinet will end up purged in the end...
Enshrine the Tarnovo Constitution
The Constitution of Tarnovo has defended the key principles of Bulgarian liberty for decades and we cannot give up on it now! Democracy must remain, and even though it has fallen to hard times, we can still reinvigorate it - and start a new era of liberty which will be brighter and more beautiful than the last!
Trials of the Conspirators
While we were battling the forces of royal autocracy, the military took it upon themselves to plot our demise, planning a coup attempt which could have been an end to Bulgaria as we know it. Now that we have come out on top, it is time to put these potential traitors under the full prosecution of the law.
Dissolve the Legions
The Union of Bulgarian National Legions is one of the biggest threats to Bulgarian constitutionalism today - these radical veterans and imitators of other National Populists would topple democracy and establish tyranny if they were ever given the chance. We shall play it safe and ensure they can never grow to become a threat.
Ministry of Veteran Affairs
The official role of the Military League is to organise the veterans of Bulgaria's numerous wars - therefore, to depower them, we shall put this duty under the aegis of the central government. A new ministry shall oversee the distribution of veteran pensions, organisation and employment of the veterans, and closely observe the League and their sister paramilitaries.
Renew Political Trust
Decades of graft, corruption and political disarray have eroded the trust of the people in constitutionalism. As democracy cannot thrive in distrust, we shall fight it, making highly publicised crackdowns on minor corrupt officials and establishing an official modus vivendi of all parties in the Sŭbranie.
Privatise State-Owned Trusts
Previous governments, especially the Second Liberal Concentration, have moved more and more economic processes to state hands, earning the criticism of Bulgarian business. As democracy can only go hand in hand with the freedom of the market, we shall commence limited privatisation of state assets and begin scaling down our role in the economy.
A Peace Branch to the Tsar
Though we have won a battle against the Tsar in the political arena, this does not mean we should clash forever. The presence of a constitutional monarch is necessary to maintain the stability of a democratic state, therefore we shall negotiate with the Tsar and seek his official endorsement on policy questions, creating a system of cooperation.
Safeguard Electoralism
Prosperity and peace in a nation can only be achieved through a process of fair, equal elections, with a secret ballot. The Royalists seek to turn elections into a sham which approves the Tsar's appointees, Zveno does not value them at all - we, however, shall always protect this process and give the people choices.
Mandate of the Left
The election has been won by the Agrarians and the Broad Socialists, the \
Mandate of the Right
The election has been won by the Democrats and National Liberals, restoring the status quo from before 1936, although in a more democratic form. Personal liberty, the rights for Bulgarian business, and maintaining the current political system are their primary concerns.
The Question of Cultural Autonomy
During the political battles of 1936, we received the support of Serbian, Romanian and Turkish minority politicians in the Sŭbranie, and now that we have successfully defended the Tarnovo Constitution, we shall have to make a decision on how we will pay back for this favour.
National Interfaith Council
Of our minorities, one of the largest ones, the Bulgarian Turks, follow Islam rather than Christianity, deepening the cultural and political division between them and the rest of Bulgaria. Some numbers of Albanian Catholics and Jews also reside in our country as well. To appease them, we shall establish a National Interfaith Council for dialogue with religious minorities.
Never Another Georgiev
Konstantin Georgiev's influence on the country has been tragic, but we have finally asserted the strength of the Constitution of Tarnovo, and of democratic governance. Never again shall Bulgaria slip towards tyranny - we shall consolidate our gains, amend the Constitution, and empower its democratic procedures.
Rural Infrastructure Initiatives
The Bulgarian countryside continues to struggle, many regions remain destitute, and the Black Monday Crisis has not given it any favours. We must dedicate investment to roads and irrigation in the countryside to improve the life of the poor average peasant!
Implement Progressive Taxation
It is not fair that an impoverished peasant, a toiling worker and a wealthy businessman all pay the same portion of their salary to the treasury. The more well off must help those in need, and we shall make this state policy, implementing a system of progressive taxation.
Promote Traditional Agrarianism
As we progress to the modern era, we must never forget that human beings are naturally attached to the land, and prosper the most as individual landholders in the countryside. We must never forget to support agriculture with subsidies, beneficial policies and parliament acts.
State Monopoly on Grain Trade
To ensure that the Bulgarian peasantry have access to fair grain sales and purchases, instead of being ripped off by greedy salesmen, the state shall legislate a monopoly in this sector. All sale and purchase of grain in the country shall be controlled by state-owned corporations which will keep the interests of the peasantry in mind.
Enforce Labour Rights Legislation
We must not only expand labour rights in Bulgaria, reducing the daily working hours, promoting unionisation and limiting dangerous labour, but we must also establish a system which enforces this legislation. Audits and independent ombudsmen will crack down on offending businesses and ensure that the rights of labour truly are protected.
Establish State Production Monopolies
Certain sections of the economy are too dangerous for private businesses to control and must be placed under sole state supervision. State production monopolies will ensure that prices are kept low and the interests of the people are always kept in mind.
Empower the Free Trade Unions
The Free Trade Unions are the trade union organisation of the Social Democratic Workers' Party, and represent the socialist side of legal organised labour in Bulgaria. We must empower this organisation by merging smaller trade unions into its aegis and prioritising its interests in business-union negotiations.
Renew Urban Centres
The urban populations of Sofia, Plovdiv, Burgas, Ruse and other cities are our arm of electoral support, hence we shall benefit them with additional funding. Urban centres shall be renewed and land clearances will allow cities to expand further into the countryside.
The Right to Wealth
Who are we to deny a thrifty, clever man the fruits of his labour? If he has established a business and built up sizeable wealth, then we can only endorse him and show him as an example, instead of taking that wealth away. After all, it is the businessman who creates jobs and employs those down-trodden.
Guarantee Women Rights
We, Democrats and other liberal parties, have consistently stood for the rights of the people since our exception - including the rights of women, which we have championed harder than most. It is time we make our promises reality, grant women the right to vote and make them equal with men!
Political Opportunism
Doctrinaire politics can only take you so far. Ideologies will fail you in political practice, where everything is far more grey and complicated than on the drawing board in college. The Democrats and National Liberals are proudly opportunistic, clever enough to adapt to changing political conditions and guide Bulgaria in these trying times.
Pursue Liberal Nationalism
Nationalism and liberalism are not incompatible. As we reform Bulgaria into a true constitutional monarchy, we can instil pride in these liberal institutions and rally the people to guard them. The ideal of liberty is stronger in motivating people than mere loyalty to the Tsar or to the state, after all.
Directorate Economic Management
State-controlled directorates have increasingly become a part of the Bulgarian economy, and the Tsardom has become increasingly statist. This is not an issue - state directorates can manage the economy according to the needs of the government, and also offer numerous positions to appoint loyal cadres in.
Renew the Partisanstvo System
The Partisanstvo is a name generally used to described the clientelism of Bulgarian politics before the Weltkrieg, when parties were merely vehicles to put loyal allies in government jobs and lacked real ideology. While we should not say this out loud, is there really harm in renewing such a system?
Faith and Nation
The endorsement of the Bulgarian Orthodox Church will aid us greatly in securing further electoral victories. As the leading conservative political force in the country, we already have numerous allies among the Bulgarian priesthood, and expanding our contacts will get religious officials to rally thousands of voters for us.
Tyranny of the Young Officers
When the Fourth Balkan War came, we fought bravely - but our forces in the front were betrayed by petty politicking and treason back home. When we should have fought without surrender, we raised the white banner. We, the Legionnaires, the bastion of Bulgarianness, will amend this historical mistake and repudiate the National Catastrophe at once!
Repudiate the Catastrophe!
There is an easy solution to the National Catastrophe. Our experience of the Fourth Balkan War has shown that we were never truly beaten on the battlefield, merely stabbed in the back in their hour of need. Having recovered, rebuilt, and now led by a truly national and patriotic regime, we Bulgarians shall rise again, and claim what is ours!
If the IMRO is defeated in Macedonia and we have yet to complete this focus, our regime will §Rcollapse§!!
The Legionary Revolution
The era of incremental change and needless squabbling in the parliament is over. We Legionaries shall sweep away the old political system from its roots, our Revolution shall bring a just, fair and truly national society. Our regime shall be one of energy, strength, and raw terror!
Nationalise the Basic Industries
Capitalists are only barely better than Syndicalists - these blood-sucking parasites siphon the wealth of the people and send it overseas. There is no reason why the basic industries - consumer goods production and the arms industry - should not be in our hands instead.
Green Terror
Weakness and pacifism are still rooted in Bulgaria. Our people were shaken by the National Catastrophe and cannot muster the will to sacrifice themselves for the national cause again. Through terror, arrests and summary executions, we shall make them fear, and so make them toe the line.
Primitive Resource Accumulation
Rearmament for our war against the Belgrade Pact will be costly - and what do you know, there is a lot of money residing in the pockets of our people. It is a primitive method of gathering funding for arms, but it is better than nothing - and we will pay back when we restore Greater Bulgaria, surely.
Unleash the Bulgarian Spirit
There is an inherent spirit of Bulgarianness residing in every one of our kind. It yearns to fight, to serve its nation, and to advance our cause no matter the cost. Whether by propaganda or via brute application of force, we shall channel this Bulgarian spirit into action.
The Ceaseless War of Society
Society is a ceaseless war - and yet the absolute majority of people, held back by laziness, age, habit or poverty, struggle to participate. Those warriors who fight for the advancement of Bulgarianness in all sections of society - art, culture, industry, politics - shall serve as their national vanguard, their unquestioned leaders, and they are the Legionnaires.
Four Categories of Syndicalists
There are four categories of Syndicalists - manufacturers of Syndicalism, the capitalists; provocateurs, foreign agents; fools who inadvertently aid Syndicalists; and rubber-heads who don't believe in truth, God and Bulgaria, and so support Syndicalism. All of them must be rooted out from Bulgaria.
Ideals of the Steppe
We Bulgarians are the heirs of a powerful steppe civilisation which once bent the Eastern Roman Empire to its knees. The vigour of Asparuh and his descendants still courses through our veins - and we shall glorify this history, inspiring entire armies to march to war and defend the glory of Bulgaria!
Expel the German Monarchs
The House of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha has never truly been Bulgarian - they are German monarchs, imposed upon us by the foreign powers. Holding absolute power in the country, we can finally take the final step, and make the removal of the Monarchy official. The National Legionary State shall be ruled only by Bulgarians!
A Silent Puppet on the Throne
Much of our organisation is still monarchist at the core, and cannot imagine a Bulgaria without a Tsar at the helm. Though Boris is too independent for our tastes, his brother Kyril, a bohemian prince with little agency in the political scene, can be a puppet we can easily control, while still appeasing the monarchists.
Mass Remilitarisation
We are a movement of the masses, and the masses demand blood! In one swift stroke, we shall rearm Bulgaria, converting any available resources to war production and shifting our industries to a full wartime capacity.
Raise Paramilitary Formations
Thousands of Bulgarians, veterans of the Weltkrieg and the Balkan Wars, organise into paramilitaries where they are able to apply their experience of war in street fights and protection. The Legions have maintained contacts with these paramilitaries for its entire existence. It is time to turn them into field divisions and send them to the front!
Arm Macedonian Volunteer Battalions
The occupation of Macedonia has pushed thousands of its Bulgarian inhabitants eastwards, as they would rather die than live under Serbian oppression. Now, after equipping them with weapons and giving them basic combat training, we can send them back, to reclaim their homes.
Declaration of the Bulgarian Republic
The Tsar has fallen! An era of tyrannical monarchy is over! From the underground, from the exile, the Fatherland Front rises, and proclaims a new future for the Bulgarian people! From here onward, Bulgaria is the newest Republic on the Balkans, and it shall last for centuries!
Orange Guard Counter-Coup
The Agrarian National Union joined forces with the Bulgarian socialist movement to overthrow the Tsar - however, they have no interest in playing second fiddle. Having restored its paramilitary organisation, the Orange Guard, the BZNS can sweep away its rivals on the left and seize complete power.
Reunite the Agrarian National Union
During the post-Weltkrieg period, the Agrarians fractured, divided between factions that accepted the political order and those who continued the fight in the underground. Now that we are in charge, and under Stamboliyski himself, we can begin the process of reintegrating these factions into one, greater Union.
Implement Populist Policies
Our leader, Aleksandŭr Stamboliyski, is the tribune of the people, and the Fatherland Front once fought for the people, too, and so, what the people want, we shall provide. Thankfully, the average masses are quite simple folk, and so we do not have to put in that much effort before they are satisfied.
Away From City Sodomy
Corruption and evil fester in the cities of Bulgaria and their Westernised elite, much like Sodom and Gomorrah in the Bible. A responsible, clean government can only be founded upon the backs of the peasantry. It is the peasant who creates the wealth of the Bulgarian nation, not the bourgeois or the cosmopolitan in the streets of Sofia.
Throw Out Royal Memorials
We shall make the victory of the Republic of the Peasants official, by abandoning all remaining royal memorabilia. Memorials will be removed, statues will be torn down, streets will be renamed and national symbols will be replaced. When this is done, the Tsardom may finally be forgotten.
Officialise the Orange Guard
The Orange Guard has served the Agrarian National Union well, battling its rivals and ensuring security in congresses of the Party. If we wish to consolidate our control in the country, however, we must turn them into the official paramilitary of the Republic.
Perfect Democracy
The National Assembly and all the other institutions of democracy shall be restored. However, to ensure that the Republic survives and adequately represents the people who build its wealth - the peasantry - democratic processes will be curtailed and the Agrarian National Union shall continue to dominate the country, permanently.
Organise the Bulgarian Youth
The Bulgarian youth are our country's future. We shall get them ready to build our future by establishing youth organisations and recruiting the Bulgarian youth for volunteer labour in the countryside. There, aiding the peasantry, they will learn hard lessons in life and prepare themselves for what life will give them.
Mass Pressed Labour Actions
An agrarian state must not abandon modernity. We shall transform Bulgaria into a strong modern state by pressing thousands of people to labour actions. They shall construct roads, drain swamps and dig canals alike, laying the foundations for a new Bulgaria.
Pivot to the Left
Though the Fatherland Front has vanquished the monarchy, it remains challenged by the right, as Aleksandŭr Stamboliyski and his lackeys prepare to subvert the revolution and establish their \
Agrarian Syndicalism
Who dares to say that Syndicalism can only be accomplished in cities, among industrial workers? There is a revolutionary fire burning in every poor peasant, a dream of liberty and communal freedom, which we shall express! Those who work the land can follow Syndicalist principles of union supremacy and liberty just as well as their proletarian brothers!
Socialisation of the Land
This land is our land. We shall begin to steer away from private land ownership and turn all land into property owned by the people. We shall encourage communes of peasantry which work common land and prosper with each other's effort, rather than working small plots individually.
Form Agricultural Professional Unions
We shall transform Vlasovden into a union congress uniting all agricultural workers, and establish trade unions for all agricultural professions. These unions shall be empowered to manage administrative issues in their respective field - the farmers' union shall deal with crop agriculture and the herders' union shall deal with animal husbandry, and so on.
A Federation of Rural Communes
Central government is the root of many evils in modern society - Bulgaria shall instead seek the liberty of local governance. It will be transformed into a federation of rural communes, and these communes will manage administrative issues in their region. A federal congress of communal representatives will replace the dilapidated Sŭbranie.
Replicate French Institutions
Though the Commune of France is based upon industrial unions, their experience in creating a practical Syndicalist state will be invaluable. We shall replicate the BGT, popular militias and the Federal Army of the Commune, among other institutions. This way, we shall further the cause of Syndicalism in the Balkans!
Communal Economic Organisation
We must abandon the bourgeois concepts of profit-making and exploitation. The new Bulgaria shall place one's labour as the only source of value, and hand the control of economic processes to the local communes. Vouchers shall replace bourgeois currencies, though they will be adapted to use for exchange and foreign trade, and businesses shall be returned to their workers.
Mutual Assistance Organisations
Those who are less able and experienced must be taught by their more capable peers. Every commune in Syndicalist Bulgaria shall establish organisations of mutual existence where agricultural expertise and practical knowledge shall be taught and shared.
Revolutionary Spirit of the Poor Peasantry
Since times immemorial, the Bulgarian peasantry has possessed a revolutionary spirit. Ivaylo, the Tsar of the Peasants, rose to power on their backs, and the Turkish yoke was overthrown by the resistance of the common folk. This spirit shall be rejuvenated, and the Bulgarian peasantry prepare to export their revolutionary vigour abroad!
Village Worker Militias
All communes in Syndicalist Bulgaria shall establish militias, and all peasantry will be trained to use weapons. In the case of foreign invasion, these militias will be our last line of defence, making the occupation of our plains and mountains hell for any tyrant.
All Power to the ZPK Union Congress
The Union Congress of the Vlasovden Agricultural Confederation shall be vested with supreme power in the country. Composed of representatives from the agricultural workers and rural communes, it shall be a democratic institution which will safeguard the accomplishments of the Bulgarian Revolution.
Guarantee Socialist Orthodoxy
We, the \
Minority Political Integration
The Bulgarian Turks, Jews, Serbs and other minorities have been suppressed by the previous bourgeois regimes for generations. It is time we put an end to these horrid practices and integrate Bulgaria's minorities into the political system, granting them positions in government and establishing peace with our fellow proletarians.
Integrate the Anarchist Chetas
Anarchist-Communist chetas, operated by men such as Vasil Ikonomov, have fought against the previous monarchist regime for years before the Revolution. In decades of resistance, they have turned... radical, but they nevertheless form an important armed contingent which can help consolidate our fragile rule in Bulgaria.
Consolidate the Fatherland Front
We must transform the Fatherland Front from a loose alliance of factions opposed to the monarchy to a more official institution. We shall integrate our fellow republicans into a grand political bloc - led by the Narrow Socialists, of course, as they are the revolutionary vanguard.
Drive for Industrial Modernity
An agrarian state must become a modern, industrial state with a large proletariat before it can advance into socialism. We shall accomplish just that. Our regime will be one which drags Bulgaria into the modern era by force, turning millions of peasants into factory workers!
Escalate the Anti-Clerical Struggle
The Orthodox Church is an enemy of the socialist revolution, opportunistically endorsing the Monarchist regime and agitating against our revolutionary government. We shall begin curtailing the Orthodox Church, removing opposition priests and putting in loyal puppets, while starting a mass atheisation campaign to root out this superstition.
Establish Collective Farms
To ensure that the countryside is loyal to the socialist cause and provides the industrialising cities with sufficient foodstuffs, we shall replace individual land ownership with state-controlled collectives. These collectives will ensure the loyalty of the peasantry and make sure that the supply of produce is always secure.
The \
We need manpower to create Bulgaria's industrial future. We shall organise masses of volunteers, especially from the Bulgarian youth, to work for the nation and for the Revolution in the countryside. They shall construct roads, railways, and dams which will become the foundation of modern Bulgaria.
Revolutionary Art
A socialist state has no need for bourgeois culture and the arts. To promote the cause of the Revolution and instill true socialist values in the Bulgarian populace, we shall establish guidelines on revolutionary art. We shall organise the artists and writers of Bulgaria to dedicate their works to the Revolution and to a bright socialist tomorrow!
Establish the Durzhavna Sigurnost
The Committee of State Security shall be the hammer which we shall use when all other tools fail. Sometimes, the Revolution can only be defended with an application of force - and we shall not hesitate to use it if the Revolution is on the line.
The Dimitrov Constitution
To turn our goal for Bulgaria official, we shall organise a new Constitutional Convention which shall replace the old, tsarist Tarnovo Constitution with a much more progressive document. Named after the First Secretary and President of Bulgaria, it shall establish the People's Republic of Bulgaria for good!
Hegemon of the Balkans
Though challenged by our rivals across the Balkans, we once again stand victorious. Bulgaria's darkest hour has been averted, and its hegemony has been entrenched. A second victory against the Serbs, Romanians and Greeks will certainly ensure that they will never have the power to challenge us again - so we can feast, knowing that the Balkans are forever Bulgarian!
War Reparations Investment Fund
Having defeated our enemies in the Balkan War, we are now entitled to massive sums in war reparations - however, without careful management and investment, they are likely to be squandered. We shall prevent that by creating a state-owned fund which will collect reparations revenues and create plans for investing them in our economy.
Enforce the Ploesti Oil Lease
The large oil reserves in Romania are an important strategic resource, and the Romanians took advantage of Germany's moment of weakness to throw away all of their duties to the Empire regarding oil production. Now that they are under the control of our puppet regime, we can seize control of Ploesti oil for ourselves.
Renew the Danube Mouth Commission
The Treaty of Bucharest posited the creation of a Commission on the Mouth of the Danube to regulate trade over the river, however, its power waned in the '30s thanks to Romanian interference. Now, we can safely renew it and reap the benefits of controlling trade over the Danube River.
Transfer Military Factories
To ensure that our Balkan neighbours are never a threat to us again, we shall enforce demilitarisation protocols upon them - arms-producing machinery and even entire factories will be transferred to Bulgaria and placed under our state control.
Seize the Greek Fleet
Defeated by us and turned into a pliable puppet, the Greek state no longer needs a fleet, while we could certainly use an expansion to our navy. We shall seize ships from the Greek navy, repaint them and rename them, and put them to use for our needs.
Ships once controlled by the Greeks will be §Hseized§! and repurposed. This includes: 8 £GFX_ship_destroyer_icon_small §HDestroyers§! and 4 £GFX_ship_submarine_icon_small §HSubmarines§!.
Descend Upon Western Thrace
The treasonous Ottoman Empire stabbed us in the back in the Fourth Balkan War! Now, hundreds of thousands of Bulgarians languish in territories they have illegally occupied. The Turks must have bet on the hope that we will be crushed by the Pact and not rise to challenge them again - however, this did not come to pass. Rearmed and victorious, we shall return with a vengeance!
Renew Pride
Another war against our neighbours is what we needed to convince our population that we must always stay vigilant. Greater Bulgaria should not be taken for granted, blood and sweat will need to be spent to defend it, and having recognised this fact of life, our people are more united than ever.
Finish Integration of Border Territories
With the defeat of the Serbs, Greeks and Romanians, the separatist resistance in our border regions has lost their benefactors and are thus swiftly losing support. This is the opportunity we need to finally integrate them into our state and leave resistance in these regions as no more than history.
Our Place in Europe
During the interwar period, Bulgaria grew distant from affairs in Europe, expecting to rely on German hegemony to keep the peace for generations. This hegemony is being challenged, however, and we once again have to make a choice - which side of the struggle we are on, who shall we join forces with in the Second Weltkrieg?
Hijack Yugoslavism
Ever since the decisive defeat of Serbia in 1918, their role as the unifier of the South Slavs has been floundering, and now it has been crushed for good. Meanwhile, we Bulgarians have dominated the Balkans since then, and stand as the only free South Slavic state in existence. Many Zveno officers believe that it is our turn to seize the torch...
Operacija: Simeon Veliki
Our South Slav brothers languish under Habsburg rule, and we have a duty of liberating them. We shall prepare a massive invasion of Austria-Hungary, a war plan named after the greatest Yugoslav conqueror in history, and return from the victorious blow with all of Slovenia and Croatia in our arms.
All for the Final Struggle
The final struggle against the Austrian Empire will require a full mobilisation of all of Bulgaria's assets. The state shall be militarised and new industries will be opened which shall solely produce armaments for the Bulgarian Army.
Promote Montenegrin Identity
Montenegro was integrated into Serbia and the Serbian government pursued a policy of Serbianisation in the state, seeking to erase the local Montenegrin identity and replace it with Serbdom. This shall be reversed and we shall make considerable concessions to Montenegrin intellectuals - in exchange for their support to the Yugoslav project.
Endorse Romanian Claims on Transylvania
Our puppet state in Bucharest may struggle to find legitimacy, but nationalist Romanians in Transylvania would still rather live in a nominally independent Romania than be Hungarianised. We shall endorse the designs of the Romanian government to claim Transylvania and prepare a Romanian uprising there when the time comes.
Attract Illyrian Yugoslavists
Though their numbers are shrinking constantly, supporters of Yugoslav unity still persist among the Croatian intellectual community. Let us sway them to our ranks and contact resistance cells in Illyrian territory which would be able to support us when the time comes.
Supremacy of the Army Vanguard
Much like Italy was unified by Piedmontian military might and Germany was unified by Prussian military might, the Prussia of the Balkans will unify the South Slavs on its own merits. The interests and concerns of the Bulgarian Army must be at the top of our list.
The War of National Liberation
The Austrian Empire is a prison of nations - inside it, the Germans and the Hungarians lord over Slav nationalities and force them to bow. As we strike the Habsburg lands, we must not forget this, and spread propaganda that we are coming to liberate all of the minorities in the Empire!
Avoid Impossible Pretenses
Any pretence of us toppling the Austro-Hungarian Empire is exactly that - an impossible pretence. Our goal should be to claim the lands inhabited by the South Slavs, we should not entangle ourselves in endeavours of national liberation. How can we even reach Bohemia or Galicia, anyway?
Hej, Sloveni!
Though not under the champion which most Yugoslavists were expecting, the union of all South Slavs has finally been established. A golden age for all Yugoslav people begins — and especially for the Bulgarian \
Embrace Integral Yugoslavism
Integral Yugoslavism is a theory that calls for a Yugoslav state to be forcefully centralised so the differences between the different groups of Yugoslavs, created by historical separation, swiftly vanish. It will be a useful guide for our new state - especially as we will be the ones to define what is Yugoslav and what is not.
Curtail the Croatian Catholic Church
While the Serbs are Orthodox just like Bulgarians, the Croats and Slovenes are Catholics, and the Croatian Catholic Church has already begun to position itself as an opponent to our integrationist ambitions. We shall treat them the same as we treat all of our enemies - root out and suppress with extreme efficiency.
Adopt the Decrees of Settlement
The Kingdom of Serbia employed several Decrees of Settlement to integrate the territories they annexed off the Ottoman Empire and Bulgaria in the south. We shall study their experience and employ similar strategies to hasten the integration of newly annexed Illyrian lands.
Standardise the Yugoslav Language
A unified Yugoslav nation requires a unified language - though the languages of the South Slavs are similar, they have drifted apart over centuries. The Bulgarian language shall serve as a fine blueprint for a unified Yugoslav language, and we shall impose it upon our fellow South Slavs with no remorse. The Cyrillic script shall also become the official script of Yugoslavia.
Integrate the Railways
Before we can begin integrating our northern acquisitions, we have to connect them to the capital of the Union. Our borders no longer coincide with the main railroad tracks of the Habsburg empire, cities once connected to Vienna or Budapest must be reconnected to a Yugoslav rail network, and the Austrian policy of limiting inter-communication between South Slavic regions must be reversed.
Directorate of New Resource Management
Having conquered and liberated the Habsburg half of Yugoslavia, we have now gained possession of Illyria's vast natural and industrial resources. They shall be put under newly established directorates which will manage and expand these industries to provide for the state.
Abolish Habsburg and Serbian Legal Codes
In pursuit of integration and centralisation, we must replace the old legal codes and administrative systems imposed by the Habsburgs, as well as the ones used by the Serbs, throw out or retrain judges and bureaucrats to follow a new Yugoslav legal code. Tradition and old practices will be lost, but the other South Slavs will eventually adapt.
National Myth Construction
Serb, Croat, Slovene, and Bulgarian national myths must become parts of one Yugoslav national myth. It wasn't just the Bulgars who formed Simeon's great empire - they fought in the name of all Yugoslavs. Though we have fought amongst ourselves and were briefly deluded by radicals such as Young Bosnia, the vision of the Zvenari has eventually brought us here.
Reform the Conscription System
As the integration of Yugoslavia continues, we need to extract more and more recruits from the former Habsburg provinces - let us reform the conscription system with this goal in mind. Every region shall have its conscription offices and be tasked with the collection of imposed quotas.
Ambitions of a Great Power
Stretching from Ljubljana to Burgas, the greater Yugoslavia encompasses much of the Balkans and cannot be missed on a map of Europe. Dozens of millions of people now serve under the rule of our Political Circle — with effort and dedication, these human resources can be transformed into a new great power in Europe.
Extinguish the Decaying Empire
The Ottoman Empire is a relic of centuries past, and a reminder of the yoke which the Yugoslavs suffered for many years before finally our liberation struggle. There is no reason for it to continue existing - we shall extinguish it and assert Sofia's final and eternal dominance over the Turks.
Establish the Yugosphere
Yugoslavia is surrounded by small, weak Balkan states which do not deserve to stay independent. Our hegemony shall stretch across the entire Balkan peninsula, no matter the means we need to use to enforce it.
The Third Bulgarian Empire
The most glorious conquest since the era of Simeon the Great has been bestowed upon us. Under the brilliant leadership of Tsar Ferdinand, we have shocked all of Europe with our impeccable victory - and so, now, even the City of the World's Desire is in our hands, and the straits of Bosphorus wash the coasts of Bulgaria. Today, we are rightfully, truly, an Empire again.
Construct the Balkan Hegemony
Having established our unquestioned dominance in the Balkans, we can start isolating ourselves from European affairs and gather our satellite states around a new Bulgarian hegemony. Though still small, we have great ambitions, and the Hegemony shall see them pass.
Finish the Empire Off
Having lost its capital, the Ottoman Empire is like a man without a head - it has no reason to remain alive. It is time we finish off this stain in the world's history, and avenge centuries of Turkish yoke with a yoke of our own!
Osvoboditel Boulevard Arc of Victory
A true Empire requires monumental architecture, and Tsar Ferdinand shall provide. Massive victory arches shall be built in the Tsar Osvoboditel Boulevard, where the names of all Bulgarian heroes will be engraved - this monument shall serve as a permanent reminder to the people of Bulgaria that they are citizens of a glorious nation
Restore the Bulgarian Patriarchate
Once an autocephalous Patriarchate, the Bulgarian Orthodox Church was subordinated to the Ecumenical Patriarchate after the Ottoman conquest, and since then we have never been able to overcome this stain to our honour. With the conquest of Constantinople, there is no challenge to a Patriarchate restoration - and we shall gain the favour of the Church by forcing it.
The Second Simeon Veliki
The conquest of Constantinople has propelled the cult of the Tsar to new heights. We shall wield this cult of personality and turn it into a pillar of our regime. Every town hall, school and home will carry a portrait of our glorious Tsar - the greatest ruler which Bulgaria has had since Simeon the Great!
Restore the Hagia Sophia to the Faithful
After the conquest of Constantinople, the Ottomans transformed the Hagia Sophia from an Orthodox church to a mosque - a disgrace to our faith. We shall demolish the minarets built into the Hagia Sophia and return it to the Orthodox faithful!
Our Claim to Imperial Legacy
The First Rome fell. The Second Rome fell. The Third Rome fell, and then abandoned its monarchs. It falls to us, the Bulgarians, who have claimed the mantle of 'Emperor of the Romans' for centuries, to continue this legacy. Our empire may be small on a map, but our people shall fight tooth and nail to defend it.
Initiate the Integration of Thrace
The region of Thrace is historically Bulgarian land, and thousands of Thracian Bulgarians were expelled from it after 1913. This brutal policy shall be reversed - we shall restore the Thracian Bulgarians and their descendants back to their homes, and begin the integration of Adrianople.
Renew the Treaties of 1904
The secret Treaties of 1904 intended to resolve the conflict between Serbia and Bulgaria and establish a healthy degree of economic integration between them, such as the creation of a customs union and uniting the telegraph lines of the two states. Perhaps these agreements can serve as a blueprint for peace in the Balkans?
Establish the Nish Autonomous Region
To soothe Serbian fears over the Balkan Union project, we can give amends to their brethren and establish an autonomous region in Nish, where the rights of the local Serbs will be respected. Of course, most of our promises can stay as paper promises - but they will carry us plenty of diplomatic favour.
The Balkan Customs Union
The treaties with Serbia can be expanded to all of the Balkans, and mark the creation of a Balkan Union - a community of Balkan states united economically and, perhaps in the future, politically. Thanks to our resounding victory in the Balkan War, we can expect the rest of the Balkan states to agree to the proposal.
Promote Bulgarian Private Investment
A Balkan customs union is already proving beneficial in getting businesses going in-between the participating states. We can encourage large Bulgarian businesses to expand their operations in our neighbours with tax breaks and political pressure - and bring significant dividends back home, too.
Abolish Travel Restrictions
By abolishing visas and other travel restrictions between members of the Balkan Union, we can develop connections among our peoples and hasten the spread of information. Not only that, but it will soothe ethnic tensions in Bulgaria, by allowing Romanian, Serb and Greek countrymen to connect with their peers on the other side as if there was no border at all.
Balkan Diplomatic Cooperation Council
If the Balkans do not act together as one unit, we will be absorbed by the surrounding foreign powers. A council of the foreign ministers of Balkan Union members will coordinate our policy towards external affairs and ensure that any disagreements are smoothed out in advance.
The Balkan Economic Union
A customs union is a strong beginning, but it will turn imbalanced without common regulations, standards and investment. The Balkan Union shall establish a council of finance and trade ministers which shall work on just that - unity in more and more economic affairs.
Guarantee Bulgarian Military Guardianship
The Balkan Union project cannot be possible without Bulgarian might. Our guardianship is benevolent, no matter what the detractors may say, stating that said army has crushed the Belgrade Pact not long ago. The other members of the Balkan Union will benefit from our benevolence.
Peace in the Balkans, Peace in the World
The creation of the Balkan Union already shows optimism across the region. Though certainly with reservations, our neighbours seem more and more invested in the project. Perhaps, one day, it will prove that the Union was really able to ensure peace in the Balkans?
The National Catastrophe
Our hubris was our undoing - in a powerful strike, the Army collapsed, our lands have been parcelled away and our peoples divided. A National Catastrophe has befallen Bulgaria, and it will take years before we can finally remove its shackles and try again.
Aid IMRO Gunrunning
Arrogantly expecting to be able to integrate all of the lands they lost in the Weltkrieg with the snap of their fingers, the Serbs now face off against a ferocious resistance in Macedonia. Our brothers in the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organisation need aid, and through secret channels, or by turning a blind eye to their smuggling, we will provide it.
Embrace the Macedonian Lobby
Thousands of refugees from Macedonia have settled in Bulgaria after the Fourth Balkan War, and they desire to return home more than anything. This pressure group, if endorsed and supported, can aid us in overcoming the malaise of the Catastrophe. After all, we need to fight for our brethren!
Establish the ITRO
The IMRO should be an example for sister organisations in the other regions formerly held by Bulgaria which are now under the control of foreign powers. Thrace is similarly large and inhabited by many ethnic Bulgarians - we should sponsor the creation of an Internal Thracian Revolutionary Organisation to take advantage of this.
Strengthen Thracian Identity
After the estabilishment of the Internal Thracian Revolutionary Organisation, it didn't take long for cultural and political movements to follow. By supporting these organisations, such as the Thracian Scientific Institute or the Committee for Free Thrace, we should be able gather wider support for the ITRO throughout Bulgaria.
Report Serbian Atrocities
The Serbs have revealed themselves to be hypocritical, criticising us of doing the same type of action they currently employ in Macedonia to suppress the IMRO. We shall air this dirty laundry to the world, publishing article after article about real or imagined atrocities in Macedonia.
Summon the Third State Court
Someone must be responsible for our complete inability to defeat the Belgrade Pact, and the Third State Court shall be formed as a special court to find and punish these traitors. Whether among the prewar high command or the political administration, we shall find the culprits of our unpreparedness for the war, and punish them appropriately.
Replicate Serbian Secret Rearmament
During the interwar period, the Serbs successfully rearmed in spite of the punishing terms of the Treaty of Wartholz, and their Romanian allies used similar strategies before they declared the Treaty of Bucharest null. We must study what practices and tactics our opponents used, and employ them as well in order to rearm under their noses.
Restore the Economic Base
The Fourth Balkan War has ruined the Bulgarian economy, businesses and communities which relied on products from territories we lost are now starving. Before we can pursue any dream of national reunification, we must retool our industrial base and save the businesses which are failing because of our loss.
Government of National Unity
It is Bulgaria's darkest hour, and the last thing we need at this point is petty political squabbles detracting us from this catastrophe. We shall establish a modus vivendi with our opposition and scale down our fight against them, aiming to achieve internal peace and prepare the nation for reclamation wars.
Greater Bulgaria Memorials
We must never forget the losses inflicted upon us by the powers of the Belgrade Pact. Every city and large town in the country shall be provided with a memorial to Greater Bulgaria, depicting the true borders of our state and describing how over a million of our brethren now languish outside of Bulgaria. A symbolic move, but one which will assert our ambitions to the world.
A Path to Peace
We have fought against Serbia for several decades, and since these wars began our borders consistently shrank. Not only that, but this means we have consistently had to spill the blood of our South Slav brethren - all while we never considered a path to peace. The Fatherland Front came to power with a promise of peace, so we shall bring it!
Geopolitical Opportunism
If we seek to reclaim our lost territories, we must constantly spy our neighbours like a hawk. We need to strike at a moment of weakness, whenever they are diplomatically isolated and unprepared for a strike from behind. Tying ourselves down to a faction will merely prevent us from such opportunism.
Unlocks Decision: £decision_icon_small §HAttack Contested Territories§!
[BUL_anti_belgrade_pact_title]
[BUL_anti_belgrade_pact_desc]
The Anti-Belgrade Pact
After having defeated our army in the field, the Belgrade Pact has turned their focus north. Foolishly, they hope to take on the Austrian empire - and as we certainly expect Vienna to win, perhaps we can take advantage of this and form an alliance against Serbia and Romania. After all, the Belgrade Pact needs to be contained.
An Alliance with the Eagle
The dominance of the Germans and Austrians in the Balkans forces us to reconsider our previous distance from the bloc. Perhaps, having been humbled in war a few years ago, we can restore our old ties, if it means that we are not entirely abandoned by the wayside of history.
Restore Bulgarian Administration
Having reclaimed our lost territories, we can finally restore the previous administrators and authorities who were expelled by the Pact. Soon, we will reintegrate them back into our state and recover from the Fourth Balkan War.
Our Role in the Weltkrieg
Europe is in chaos. By the time we've managed to rebound from our Catastrophe, it has become clear that the continent is heading to a new world war - or, perhaps, it has already begun. To ensure that Bulgaria remains in one piece in the postwar period, it will be beneficial for us to align with one of the factions.
Austro-Bulgarian Army Cooperation
Having joined forces with Austria against the Pact, we can establish official cooperation between our militaries. Austrian advisors will be helpful in preparing the Bulgarian forces for the upcoming war.
From the Catastrophe - to a New Hegemony
Our valiant efforts have paid off - the National Catastrophe has been avenged! A new era of prosperity for Bulgaria begins - and this time, we will be even more vigilant than before, to ensure that history will never, ever repeat itself.
Extract War Reparations
Having defeated our enemies in the Balkan War, we are now entitled to massive sums in war reparations - however, without careful management and investment, they are likely to be squandered. We shall prevent that by creating a state-owned fund which will collect reparations revenues and create plans for investing them in our economy.
Avenge the Turkish Stab in the Back
The treasonous Ottoman Empire stabbed us in the back in the Fourth Balkan War! Now, hundreds of thousands of Bulgarians languish in territories they have illegally occupied. The Turks must have bet on the hope that we will be crushed by the Pact and not rise to challenge them again - however, this did not come to pass. Rearmed, we shall return with a vengeance!
The Fate of the State Protection Act
\nThe State Protection Act is the maypole of controversy in Bulgaria today. To many, it remaining means an impending end to democracy in Bulgaria, and the arrival of a Royal Dictatorship, while others seek to maintain it as a necessary measure against radicalism on the left and the right. And still another faction, away from the parliamentary arena, sees this as the culmination of despicable, incompetent parliamentarism, and seeks an opportunity to stage a coup and sweep it all away...\n\nPrime Minister Petko Stainov is currently aligned with [BUL.BUL_stainov_alignment].\nThe Crown Prince [BUL.BUL_boris_perception]. Every 30 days, this perception will affect parliamentary support and military strength.\nOf the §Y280§! deputies in the Sŭbranie, [BUL.BUL_is_support_a_good_thing] are in favour of abolishing the State Protection Act.[BUL.BUL_alliance_may_vote_autonomously]\n\nThe §YZveno§! military circle plots in the shadows. We predict that if they attempted a coup attempt today, they [BUL.BUL_zveno_strength].\n
§Ythe Petorka§!, and will campaign to abolish the Act
§YZveno§!, and will secretly plot to bring forth a military coup
§Ythe Crown Prince§!, and will campaign to maintain the Act
For now, you will be labelled as standing §Yin favour§! of the Act. You will receive opportunities to change your position in time, however.
From now on, you shall stand §Yagainst§! the State Protection Act, and will seek to abolish it.
From now on, you shall secretly work with Zveno to §Ystage a coup§! against the elected government.
From now on, you shall stand §Yin favour§! of the State Protection Act, and will seek to maintain it.
Spin Scandals About the Royal Family
As much as the Royal Family may present themselves as paragon defenders of Bulgarian pride, the nation only needs a faint nudge to the other side to change their mind. And there are many skeletons in the drawers of the King and Prince. Let us renew the rumours of Ferdinand I's true sexual preferences, of the bohemian life of Prince Kyril, and even invent a few to keep the pressure on that mad autocrat!
Defend the Honour of the Monarchy
There are detractors amongst our ranks who seek to ruin the reputation of the Royal Family, spinning rumours about the King, his children and his relatives. This abhorrent practice needs to be fought. We shall publish news pieces about the heroism and selflessness of the Crown Prince, however dubious they may be, and remind the nation that it was Ferdinand's strong rule which united Greater Bulgaria, not the squabbling parliamentarians.
Gather Supporters
Whether we seek to maintain the current order or restore true democracy, we need supporters in the Sŭbranie - and therefore, we have to dedicate efforts towards finding new supporters and reassuring our current ones to make them stay.
Fearmongering
Fear! Fear, that the enemies of Bulgaria are encroaching from the horizon and only OUR idea for Bulgaria will be able to save it from those dangers!
is seen as §Ra frightening autocrat§!
is §Olosing his grip over the country§!
§Ydoes not gather much attention§!
is seen as §Ga proud capable leader§!
is §Cthe only man who can save Bulgaria§!
The perception of Crown Prince Boris §Yimproves§!.\n
The perception of Crown Prince Boris §Yworsens§!.\n
The perception of Crown Prince Boris will naturally drift towards equilibrium, §Yimproving§!.\n
Effects of the Crown Prince's Popularity
would §Ylikely fail§!
would §Ylean towards success somewhat§!
would §Ylikely succeed§!
would §Yeasily topple us§!
Zveno will §Rgain strength§!.\n
Zveno will §Rgain some strength§!.\n
Zveno will §Glose strength§!.\n
§G[?BUL.BUL_parliamentary_support]§!
§R[?BUL.BUL_parliamentary_support]§!
\nIf §R200 deputies or more§! are in favour of abolishing the Act, they may autonomously present a bill to the Sŭbranie for its abolition.
\nA vote on the State Protection Act may be initiated at any time by taking the §YAbolish the State Protection Act§! focus.
§R[?BUL_deputies]§! deputies will now stand against the abolition of the Act.
§G[?BUL_deputies]§! deputies will now stand for the abolition of the Act.
Initiate the §YAbolish the State Protection Act§! National Focus.\nAny ongoing National Focus will be §Rcancelled§!.\n
£pol_violence  Fallout of Operation Nishava
£pol_violence  Save the \
£pol_violence  Begin War Preparations!
The \
Your chosen path allows you to take this action.
The economic crisis has gotten worse enough.
§RThe Army will take action!§!
The §YAbolish the State Protection Act§! National Focus will be cancelled.
Several national foci in §YThe Great Etatist Project§! focus branch will be disabled.
This focus has not been disabled.
£civ_factory_output  Complete the Great Etatist Project
The Belgium of the Balkans
In a few short years, we have completed the dream laid out by Konstantin Stoilov so many years ago - to modernise Bulgaria and turn it into the most prosperous state in the Balkans. Stoilov saw Belgium, a modern industrial state and the birthplace of industry in continental Europe, as his dream - and we have followed it thoroughly.
Reclaim Western Thrace
Western Thrace was opportunistically seized while we were fighting against the Belgrade Pact. Now that we have defeated the upstarts in the Balkans, we can repudiate this treaty and save the Bulgarians languishing under [FROM.FROM.GetAdjective] rule!
Join the Reichspakt
Alliance with Austria
Alliance with Russia
Join the Internationale
Strike [FROM.GetName]
§R[GRE.GetNameDefCap] will join the [BPL.GetFactionName]§!
§R[GRE.GetNameDefCap] will declare war on us!§!
§R[BUL.GetNameDefCap] will declare war on us!§!
[GRE.GetNameDefCap] is contesting our claim on Western Thrace
[BUL.GetNameDefCap] is contesting our claim on Western Thrace
Conquer Adrianople
Subjugate [FROM.GetNameDef]
Unlocks £decision_icon_small  §YDecisions§! to subjugate the remaining independent states in the Balkans.
Proclamation of the Third Empire
In a matter of weeks, our enemies in the Balkans have collapsed. In mere days, we have proven that not only rumours of our weakness have been exaggerated, but that we are stronger than ever before. Today, we stand on the coasts of Constantinople, and unlike in 1913, there is no hegemonical Great Power, be it Russia or Britain, to stop our advance. Simeon the Great has been redeemed!
Create the Balkan Union
Perhaps there is a path to peace in the Balkans which does not involve harsh oppression or the exploitation of our neighbours via massive reparations. Perhaps we can take a step back and create a more equitable Balkan union, which will unite our economies together and prevent war from ever breaking out again?
Hall of the Mountain King
\nThe Serbian Chetnik Organisation, once fighting against Ottoman rule in Kosovo and Macedonia, has been reborn - former members of the Serbian army, joined by rebellious peasants and youth, have chosen to continue the fight in the mountains of Serbia, travelling from region to region undetected, harassing our forces and building up strength in preparation for an uprising. They are led by §YDragoljub Mihailović§!, former General of the Serbian Army, turned partisan commander.\n\nAt any time, one of the Serbian states (including Macedonia) owned directly by us or by our puppets in §Y[SER.GetNameWithFlag]§! or §Y[MNT.GetNameWithFlag]§! will be flagged as a §YChetnik Base§!, giving the state severe debuffs, raising resistance (if any) and damaging buildings. Every §Y90 days§!, the Chetniks will move to another state, and an encounter will take place there - if that state has §Ymore§! divisions than Chetnik strength, they are beaten back and lose strength; if the state has §Yless§!, they win and gain strength.\n\nHovering over Mihailović's face will show statistics about the Chetnik movement - its §Ylocation§! and §Ystrength§!, measured on a scale of 1 and 10 and equal to the amount of §YDivisions§! they own. Forcing Chetnik strength to 1 will put an end to their resistance - whereas if it reaches 10 or Bulgaria goes to war, they will finally §Rrise up...§!\n
[BUL_chetnik_location]
The §YSerbian Chetnik Organisation§!\n\nThe base of the Chetniks is currently in §Y[BUL_chetnik_headquarters.GetName]§!. Upon the conclusion of the §YChetnik Base Movement§! repeating Mission, the Chetniks will relocate to another state.\n\nChetnik Strength is currently at level [?BUL.BUL_chetnik_strength|Y0], equal to the number of Divisions which would rise upon a Chetnik rebellion.
Headquarters of the Chetniks
£GFX_refitting  Chetnik Base Movement
The base of the Chetniks is currently in §Y[BUL_chetnik_headquarters.GetName]§!. Upon the conclusion of the Mission, the Chetniks will relocate to another state.\n
The Chetniks have §Rgained§! strength!
The Chetniks have §Rlost§! strength!
will be the new §YHeadquarters of the Chetniks§!.\n
Possible Chetnik Headquarters states
Serbian Chetnik Organisation
Chetnik
the Serbian Chetnik Organisation
The Final Battle
Dražinići, my sons! Draža's calling, the Country needs us, to battle we shall go! Our hearts are set on fighting, and we will gladly give our lives - for our country, conquered by enemies. Čiča Draža, the defender of Serbdom, will guide us in the final battle!
Dealing with the ITRO
[BUL.GetNameWithFlag] has been condemned for sponsoring terrorism
Issue Formal Protest to the Bulgarian Government
Just as with IMRO, the hand of the Bulgarian government and military is all over the sudden appearance of the ITRO. We shall dispatch a strongly worded letter to remind them that such actions are far from neighborly, and push them to halt their support for this organisation, or else...
Raid Bulgarian Villages
The settlements with a Bulgarian majority in Thrace have become the backbone of ITRO's operations, providing them with vital manpower, supplies, and, most critically, financial support. By taxing local tobacco merchants and traders, the ITRO has the potential to raise a significant ammount of money to buy weapons. This cannot be allowed to continue unchecked — we must act decisively to disrupt their lifeline.
Hunt Down Madzharov
Dimitar Madzharov, the voivode of the ITRO, a former Bulgarian army officer, veteran of the Iinden Uprising, the Balkan Wars and the Weltkrieg. His extensive combat experience surpasses even that of some of our own generals, making him a formidable and extremely dangerous foe. Eliminating him must become a top priority - the sooner the better.\n\n§RHunting down Madzahrov is a delicate task. Should we use too few divisions, he might easily slip between the cracks, but too many deployed units will scare him back over the Bulgarian border. This is probably our only chance to succeed in this operation.§!
Engage ITRO Detachments
ITRO detachments frequently violate the [ROOT.GetAdjective]-Bulgarian border at many points but due to the harsh terrain, our border guard units are mostly helpless against these incursions. To put an end to these brazen acts, we must allocate additional equipment and manpower to locate, confront, and neutralize these rag-tag bands of bandits!
Reestabilish Control of Border Areas
State within the state. That's how areas under ITRO \
Waning Spirit of the ITRO
It's getting dawn over the village,\neast blazed at dawn,\nthe rifle exploded, the echo swelled\na sign was given for a fight.\nThere are only five heroes,\none against a hundred ...
Bulgaria
Bulgarian
Bulgaria
Bulgarian Socialist Republic
the Bulgarian Socialist Republic
Bulgarian Socialist Republic
the Bulgarian Socialist Republic
Bulgarian Socialist Republic
the Bulgarian Socialist Republic
Bulgaria
the Bulgarian National Legionary State
Bulgarian Socialist Republic
the Bulgarian Socialist Republic
Bulgarian Socialist Republic
the Bulgarian Socialist Republic
Bulgarian Socialist Republic
the Bulgarian Socialist Republic
Bulgaria
the Republic of Bulgaria
Bulgaria
the Republic of Bulgaria
Bulgaria
the Republic of Bulgaria
Bulgaria
the Republic of Bulgaria
Bulgaria
the Republic of Bulgaria
Bulgaria
the Republic of Bulgaria
Bulgaria
the Bulgarian National Legionary State
Yugoslavia
Yugoslavian
Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
Yugoslavian
Yugoslavia
Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia
the Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia
Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia
the Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia
Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia
the Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Tsardom of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Tsardom of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Tsardom of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Tsardom of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Tsardom of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Tsardom of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Tsardom of Yugoslavia
Bulgarian Socialist Republic
the Bulgarian Socialist Republic
Bulgarian Socialist Republic
the Bulgarian Socialist Republic
Bulgarian Socialist Republic
the Bulgarian Socialist Republic
Bulgarian Empire
the Third Bulgarian Empire
Bulgarian Empire
the Third Bulgarian Empire
Bulgarian Empire
the Third Bulgarian Empire
Bulgarian Empire
the Third Bulgarian Empire
Bulgarian Empire
the Third Bulgarian Empire
Bulgarian Empire
the Third Bulgarian Empire
Bulgarian Empire
the Third Bulgarian Empire
Serbia
Serbian
Serbia
Serbian Socialist Republic
the Serbian Socialist Republic
Serbian Socialist Republic
the Serbian Socialist Republic
Serbian Socialist Republic
the Serbian Socialist Republic
Vladimir Vazov
§YBorn:§! §LMay 14th, 1868, in Sopot, Vilayet of Edirne, Ottoman Empire§!
Aleksandŭr Stamboliyski
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1879, in Slavovitsa, Eastern Rumelia, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA peasant by birth and an agronomist by education, Aleksandŭr Stamboliyski has been a radical in the Bulgarian political system for decades. His party, the Bulgarian Agrarian National Union, was the first to be based not upon the schisms of the Tarnovo Constitutional Convention or the dictatorship of Stefan Stambolov, but instead upon a real ideological foundation vested in the rural peasantry. Borrowing Marxist argumentation, Stamboliyski declared that as the common Bulgarian peasantry contributes the most labour to the nation, they should also hold power over the nation. The state should thus be restructured to their interest. Stamboliyski was the first major Bulgarian political leader to denounce the monarchy, and thus his career has been marked by constant persecution.\n\nAt the beginning of the Weltkrieg, the peasant leader announced his support for the Serbian struggle against Austria-Hungary, declaring himself not a Bulgarian, but a \
Dimo Kazasov
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 17th, 1886, in Tryavna, Sevlievo District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Dimitar Gichev
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 10th, 1893, in Perushtitsa, Plovdiv District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Nikola Mushanov
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1872, in Dryanovo, Danube Vilayet, Ottoman Empire§!
Atanas Burov
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 30th, 1875, in Gorna Oryahovitsa, Danube Vilayet, Ottoman Empire§!
Vasil Ikonomov
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 9th, 1898, in Ajtos, Burgas District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Manol Vasev
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1897, in Kyustendil, Kyustendil District, Principality of Bulgaria§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOf his comrades, Manol Vasev stands out not just due to his dedication to anarchism and Syndicalism, but also his relative mystery. \
Georgi Dimitrov
§YBorn:§! §LJune 18th, 1882, in Kovachevtsi, Kyustendil District, Principality of Bulgaria§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGeorgi Dimitrov was born to the family of a Bulgarian refugee from the southern Balkans in the aftermath of the Treaty of San Stefano, fleeing to the newly established Principality. Here, they lived poor factory worker lives, and all of their sons eventually became socialists, although only Georgi survived. In 1900, he became secretary of the Sofia Union of Printers, and joined the newly established Narrow Socialist faction of the BRSDP in 1903. During the prewar period, he organised trade unions in Bulgaria, and was elected to the Sŭbranie on a socialist platform in 1915. Dimitrov's career as a parliamentarian was short, however, as he was stripped of immunity and arrested two years later for protesting the treatment of wounded soldiers.\n\nTwo years later, Dimitrov was released and went into exile, eventually reaching the Commune of France and reconnecting with the rest of the party leadership. Though the success of the French revolution was inspirational, Dimitrov soon turned into a critic of the Communard regime, publishing treatises on how the French system cannot be adapted by more backwards states, such as Bulgaria — if a revolution takes place in Bulgaria, then a strong revolutionary vanguard must first dedicate itself to the modernisation of the country, and only then progress towards \
The Fatherland Front
§YFounded:§! §Lin Sofia, Sofia District, Tsardom of Bulgaria§!
Ferdinand Sakskoburggotski
Ferdinand I
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 26th, 1861, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austrian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhen Ferdinand von Sachsen-Coburg-Gotha was elected Prince of Bulgaria in 1887, the news was incredulous. Few imagined that the effeminate, eccentric Austro-Hungarian officer could command a nation, especially when his predecessor Alexander von Battenberg failed. The following five decades would see their ups and downs, but ultimately, Ferdinand became one of the longest-reigning and most glorious rulers of Bulgaria.\n\nThough authoritarian and megalomaniacal, Ferdinand allowed limited democracy in Bulgaria under the Tarnovo Constitution. In exchange, he guided the Principality's foreign policy to decades of war against the Ottomans and fellow Balkan states. This earned Bulgaria the moniker \
The Great Restorer
The Great Restorer
Boris Sakskoburggotski
Boris III
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 30th, 1894, in Vrana Palace, Sofia, Sofia District, Principality of Bulgaria§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe birth of Boris von Sachsen-Coburg-Gotha, the eldest son of Ferdinand I, was announced with 101 cannon shots on January 30th, 1894. From the moment of his birth, Crown Prince Boris was placed under the national spotlight to appease the overwhelmingly Orthodox nation which made him its prince. With the benediction of the Russian Empire, Ferdinand I ordered his son to be baptised in the Orthodox rite and given a Bulgarian name. The Crown Prince received a thorough and multi-disciplinary education during his childhood, including a full Bulgarian school curriculum, several languages, military officer training and even a course in the operation of a steam locomotive.\n\nThe Balkan Wars and the Weltkrieg affected the prince personally, as he commanded a regiment and later served as a liaison officer for the Chief of Staff of the Bulgarian Army. He personally visited trenches, got to witness cholera epidemics rolling through the oversized and poorly maintained Bulgarian armies, and grew more and more pacifistic over the years. It is said that his father placed him under house arrest for days because of Boris' disapproval of the decision to join the Weltkrieg, although this is mostly hearsay. Once the war concluded, he continued his duties as Crown Prince in a peaceful postwar environment. By then, his father was growing increasingly old and incapable, and more of his official duties needed to be represented by his heir. Now, Ferdinand's departure has finally placed Boris on the throne itself.\n\nBoris III is different from his father in several ways - while Ferdinand was authoritarian and arrogant, Boris is calm, collected, and protective of his image, able to make friends with almost anyone. While he may be more open to negotiation and concessions than his dear father, if the opportunity arises, Boris could be even more capable of subjugating the nation.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 30th, 1894, in Vrana Palace, Sofia, Sofia District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Kyril Sakskoburggotski
Kyril I
Prince Kyril was born the second son of Tsar Ferdinand of Bulgaria and became the Prince of Preslav. He graduated from the Vasil Levski National Military University and served as a liaison officer during the Balkan Wars and the Great War, receiving various awards for courage and becoming an Honorary Admiral of the German Imperial Navy.\n\nAfter the war he became fascinated by cars and has also studied agronomy in Prague for several years, returning to Bulgaria in 1926. A lifelong bachelor living a (literally) bohemian lifestyle, he was largely dismissed as a political afterthought - living in the shadow of his older brother Crown Prince Boris. Nevertheless, in the 1930s he received some senior (if likely mostly titular) appointments to Inspector of Infantry and Lieutenant General.
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1895, in Vrana Palace, Sofia, Sofia District, Principality of Bulgaria§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BUL_kyril_sakskoburggotski_leader_desc_body$\n\nThe death of Boris III in a brutal assassination and the ensuing republican revolution threw Bulgaria into chaos. The Tsar's loyalists however closed ranks and launched a successful counter-revolution, bringing the nation once again under monarchist control. With the situation still in flux, the royalists have decided to put the adult Prince Kyril onto the throne, bypassing the claim of Boris' young son. While Kyril and other traditionalists may have protested the decision in better times, the recent tragedy and upheaval have left even the new Tsar little choice but to fall in line with the regime.§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1895, in Vrana Palace, Sofia, Sofia District, Principality of Bulgaria§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BUL_kyril_sakskoburggotski_leader_desc_body$\n\nThe situation rapidly changed however, as military radicals outfoxed Boris and his allies, seizing power for themselves. In the aftermath, they have sought a more pliant monarch to appease the traditionalists while avoiding any threats to their power. As such, the hapless Kyril has been enthroned - a weak but dutiful Tsar for the new regime.§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1895, in Vrana Palace, Sofia, Sofia District, Principality of Bulgaria§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BUL_kyril_sakskoburggotski_leader_desc_body$\n\nWith the Bulgarian military's successful occupation of Albania, the fate of the nation - long seen as impoverished and lawless by outsiders - was effectively theirs to decide. The Bulgarians, at the Tsar's urging, have decided to create a monarchy similar to their own and installed Kyril to head it. With the only other claimant, the former Prince Wilhelm of Albania, long disgraced and exiled after his disastrous six month rule in 1914, the throne was effectively vacant to the great powers who begrudgingly accepted the latest act of Bulgarian imperialism. Mostly cloistered in his palace out of fear of assassination, the new sovereign Prince is said to be conscientious but mostly a figurehead for occupation authorities.§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1895, in Vrana Palace, Sofia, Sofia District, Principality of Bulgaria§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BUL_kyril_sakskoburggotski_leader_desc_body$\n\nThe utter defeat of Bulgaria shook the nation to its core. Both Ferdinand and Boris fled the country into exile, taking Boris's young son with them. Kyril was captured during the rout, and found himself joining the rump Bulgarian government in the difficult surrender negotiations. With occupying forces electing to retain the Bulgarian monarchy, but unwilling to deal with his notoriously stubborn family members, Kyril has been installed as the new Tsar. Though dismissed as a frivolous man, he does seem to take his job seriously but nevertheless is mostly a puppet of the new government.§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1895, in Vrana Palace, Sofia, Sofia District, Principality of Bulgaria§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BUL_kyril_sakskoburggotski_leader_desc_body$§!
The Illegitimate Tsar
Kimon Georgiev
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 11th, 1882, in Pazardzhik, Eastern Rumelia, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LColonel Kimon Georgiev was born to a middle-class family in the short-lived Principality of Eastern Rumelia, before its unification with Bulgaria. Much like his peers bereft of wealth, he enrolled in the Military School and graduated as an infantry lieutenant. His career in the Bulgarian Army saw him fight in both of the Balkan Wars and the Weltkrieg, during which he lost one of his eyes. No longer able to command his unit from the front lines, he was appointed as an instructor and later into the army staff, allowing him to create the Military Union - an organisation of active and reserve Bulgarian officers seeking to represent their voice in politics.\n\nMuch of the 1920s passed without note for the Colonel, working as an army instructor, commanding units against Serbian chetniks in Macedonia and teaching in the Military School. The Serbian Revolution and the subsequent political events in Bulgaria changed all that. Alongside the Military League, Georgiev fully endorsed the authoritarian regime of Konstantin Georgiev and was appointed as Minister of Railways and Telegraphs in his cabinet. When the Prime Minister fell, Georgiev vehemently defended him. Not only was the State Protection Act a necessity to him, but the failures of the parliamentary regime increasingly frustrated him.\n\nGeorgiev turned to his comrades, especially Damyan Velchev, and the two founded the Zveno political circle in 1928, with the goal of a new, stronger regime for Bulgaria. Unlike the discipline of the Army, politicians are irrational, immoral and short-sighted - so surely, it falls to the good men of the Army to put things back into order. With or without the antiquated regime on the throne.§!
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 11th, 1882, in Pazardzhik, Eastern Rumelia, Ottoman Empire§!
Ivan Dochev
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 7th, 1906, in Shumen, Shumen District, Principality of Bulgaria§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIvan Dochev grew up in the era of the Greater Bulgarian dream, and was the son of a reserve officer. Unlike his father and many of his peers in the National Legions, Dochev did not pursue an army career and enrolled to study law at the University of Sofia instead. Although poverty and problems with the law forced him to interrupt his studies several times. The activist students of Bulgaria were the first to recognise that there was something rotten to the core with their beloved Bulgaria. In spite of the half-hearted speeches and rallies to display Bulgarian greatness, the country was poor, weak, and politically paralysed. The great revolutionary upheaval in Europe did not miss Sofia, emboldening not just socialists, but also those who saw it as a disease.\n\nDochev battled his Serbia-sympathetic coursemates in the streets of Sofia after the Serbian Revolution and joined the organisation \
Teodosi Daskalov
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 2nd, 1888, in Gorsko Slivovo, Sevlievo District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Nikola Nedev
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 20th, 1886, in Tarnovo, Tarnovo District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Asen Nikolov
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 12th, 1891, in Yambol, Sliven District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Pencho Zlatev
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 2nd, 1881, in Elena, Vilayet of Edirne, Ottoman Empire§!
Rusi Rusev
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 27th, 1887, in Gabrovo, Sevlievo District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Konstantin Lukash
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1890, in Plovdiv, Plovdiv District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Nikola Hadzhipetkov
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 28th, 1891, in Tarnovo, Tarnovo District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Ivan Valkov
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1875, in Kazanlak, Vilayet of Edirne, Ottoman Empire§!
Nikola Nakov
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 24th, 1892, in Vratsa, Vratsa District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Hristo Lukov
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 6th, 1887, in Varna, Varna District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Ivan Variklechkov
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 7th, 1891, in Sofia, Sofia District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Sava Ivanov
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 3rd, 1891, in Tarnovo, Tarnovo District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Hristov Pampulov
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 17th, 1895, in Sopot, Plovdiv District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Petko Stainov
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 1st, 1896, in Kazanlak, Stara Zagora District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Georgi Kyoseivanov
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 19th, 1884, in Peshtera, Eastern Rumelia, Ottoman Empire§!
Petur Todorov
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 15th, 1881, in Lovech, Pleven District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Vasil Kolarov
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 16th, 1877, in Shumen, Danube Vilayet, Ottoman Empire§!
Raiko Daskalov
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 21st, 1886, in Byala Cherkva, Tarnovo District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Stefan Klechkov
§YBorn:§! §L1900, in Gabrovo, Sevlievo District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Bogdan Filov
§YBorn:§! §LApril 10th, 1883, in Stara Zagora, Eastern Rumelia, Ottoman Empire§!
Aleksandar Tsankov
§YBorn:§! §LJune 29th, 1879, in Oryahovo, Vratsa District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Todor Aleksandrov
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 4th, 1881, in Novo Selo, Vilayet of Kosovo, Ottoman Empire§!
Metropolitan Neophyte
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 29th, 1868, in Galabovo, Vilayet of Edirne, Ottoman Empire§!
Damyan Velchev
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 4th, 1883, in Gabrovo, Sevlievo District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Konstantin Muraviev
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 5th, 1893, in Pazardzhik, Tatarpazardzhik District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Ivan Burov
§YBorn:§! §LMay 14th, 1873, in Gorna Oryahovitsa, Danube Vilayet, Ottoman Empire§!
Nikola Petkov
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 8th, 1893, in Sofia, Sofia District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Stamen Grigorov
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 27th, 1878, in Studen Izvor, Tran District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Tsvetan Lazarov
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 25th, 1896, in Pleven, Pleven District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Kazanlak Arsenal
§YFounded:§! §L1878, in Ruse, Ruse District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Todor Radev
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 11th, 1887, in Dupnitsa, Kyustendil District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Todor Georgiev
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 27th, 1882, in Cheshnegirovo, Eastern Rumelia, Ottoman Empire§!
Trifon Trifonov
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 1st, 1895, in Sofia, Sofia District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Vasil Boydev
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1893, in Kazanlak, Stara Zagora District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Gancho Manchev
§YBorn:§! §LJune 23rd, 1894, in Dryanovo, Tarnovo District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
Army Reform Department
§YFounded:§! §Lin the Tsardom of Bulgaria§!
Asen Yordanov
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 2nd, 1896, in Sofia, Sofia District, Principality of Bulgaria§!
