Bharatiya Focus Tree
Eastern Syndicalist Union
Asian Solidarity League
India
Indian
India
Bharatiya People's Republic
Bharatiya
the Bharatiya People's Republic
Bharatiya People's Republic
Bharatiya
the Bharatiya People's Republic
Bharatiya People's Republic
Bharatiya
the Bharatiya People's Republic
Republic of India
the Republic of India
Republic of India
the Republic of India
Republic of India
the Republic of India
Republic of India
the Republic of India
Republic of Hindustan
the Republic of Hindustan
Republic of Bharat
the Republic of Bharat
Republic of Hindustan
the Republic of Hindustan
Socialist India
Socialist Indian
Socialist India
$HND_totalist$
$HND_totalist_ADJ$
$HND_totalist_DEF$
$HND_syndicalist$
$HND_syndicalist_ADJ$
$HND_syndicalist_DEF$
$HND_radical_socialist$
$HND_radical_socialist_ADJ$
$HND_radical_socialist_DEF$
Bengalese Steel Mills
Bengal Ordnance Factories
Chittaranjan Locomotive Works
Indian National Airways
Khulna Shipyard
Tata Steel
Punjab Ordnance Factories
Jessop & Company
Tata Air
Karachi Shipyard
Vickers-Armstrong India
Braithwaite & Co.
Ordnance Factories Board
Gun Carriage Factory Jabalpur
Hindustan Motors
Hindustan Aircraft
Garden Reach Workshops
Mazagon Dock
Bajaj Auto
Scindia Shipyard
Godrej & Boyce
Mukand Iron & Steel Works
Larsen & Toubro
Ittefaq Steel
The Bulwark of the Asian Revolution
Even as the Indian revolution comes to the end and the people ask for peace, there are those who still want to fight for a better world. We shall provide our friends abroad with these brave volunteers, and hope their struggle shall make the world a better place.
Netaji
Nightingale of India
§SCentre§!
§RAgrarian§!
§rModerate§!
§oMaximist§!
§LNeutral§!
$KR_inc_centre$
$KR_inc_centre$
$KR_inc_agrarian$
$KR_inc_agrarian$
$KR_inc_agrarian$
$KR_inc_agrarian$
$KR_inc_agrarian$
$KR_inc_moderate$
$KR_inc_moderate$
$KR_inc_moderate$
$KR_inc_moderate$
$KR_inc_maximist$
$KR_inc_maximist$
$KR_inc_maximist$
$KR_inc_neutral$
$KR_inc_neutral$
$KR_inc_neutral$
§Y[ENG.GetName]§! pledged aid at the Third Internationale
§Y[FRA.GetName]§! pledged aid at the Third Internationale
§CThe national spirit provided by this focus will differ based on if §Y$HND_indias_ocean$§! or §Y$HND_a_mercantile_direction$§! has been taken, improving the previous spirits.§!
§YDirect conflict between the factions of the Indian National Congress will begin. Decisions to influence it further have been unlocked.§!
§WInfluence of the §oMaximists§! will §Gincrease§!.§!
§WInfluence of the §rModerates§! will §Gincrease§!.§!
§WInfluence of the §RAgrarians§! will §Gincrease§!.§!
§WInfluence of the §oMaximists§! will §rdecrease§!.§!
§WInfluence of the §rModerates§! will §rdecrease§!.§!
§WInfluence of the §RAgrarians§! will §rdecrease§!.§!
§WThis faction's influence is not already at its lowest.§!
§Y+2%§!£social_democrat_texticon
the plan §Rfailing§!
the plan §Gsucceeding§!
§RAn invasion by the Republic is almost certainly imminent.§!
§RWar will soon break out in the Indian subcontinent, and the Dominion will expect our help through volunteers and materiel support.§!
The focus §YLaunch Operation Thunder§! can now be taken.
§YWe will additionally be able to pick between receiving a bonus to industrial research, a shipment of planes, or a delivery of ships.§!
§YThis spirit will be removed once the nation has been rebuilt.§!
§GWith India at last united, a special session will be called by Huq with representatives from the whole of India to lay out its new future.§!
INC (Maximists)
Indian National Congress (Maximists)
All India Forward Bloc
AIFB
INC (Moderates)
Indian National Congress (Moderates)
INC (Agrarians)
Indian National Congress (Agrarians)
INC (Centre)
Indian National Congress (Centre)
ILP
Independent Labour Party
CNP (Centre)
Congress Nationalist Party (Centre)
CNP (Right)
Congress Nationalist Party (Right)
IIL
Indian Independence League
RSS
Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (National Volunteer Organisation)
Hindu Mahasabha
Akhil Bharat Hindu Mahasabha (All India Hindu Grand Assembly)
In the dying days of the United Kingdom, those who rose up across India in sympathy with their socialist comrades were brutally put down by troops hoping to keep any semblance of order. This suppression quickly backfired, with the Indian National Congress taking charge of the revolution by declaring Purna Swaraj, full independence, and establishing a rebel government in Calcutta. The bloody civil war that followed would end in a controversial ceasefire, one that still defines the Republic's politics to this day. The party's factions are all now out for blood, hoping to be on top once imperialism is at last driven from the subcontinent.
GFX_HND_intro
$RAJ_country_intro_header$
$RAJ_country_intro_content$
$RAJ_country_intro_header_1$
$RAJ_country_intro_content_1$
§MThe Gentle Way to Shake the World§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have the §RAgrarian§! wing of the INC have greater influence than the §oMaximists§! and §rModerates§! once the event chain of the §YThe First United Congress§! focus finishes.\n\n§MAaram Haram Hai§! ($syndicalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have the §rModerate§! wing of the INC have greater influence than the §oMaximists§! and §RAgrarians§! once the event chain of the §YThe First United Congress§! focus finishes.\n\n§MForward, Upon the Middle Road§! ($totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have the §oMaximist§! wing of the INC have greater influence than the §rModerates§! and §RAgrarians§! once the event chain of the §YThe First United Congress§! focus finishes.
The Deputy Debate
The resignation of Deputy Chairman Bhogaraju Sitaramayya at the end of last year came as quite a shock to many within the nation, save for those in the party who had been arranging his downfall for quite some time. Ever since Fazlul Huq succeeded Lajpat Rai as Chairman, the knives have been out all across the free lands of Bharat, with many in the Indian National Congress wishing to see the nation's leadership fall to them instead. Since Sitaramayya's appointment these potential usurpers have made sure to shift the blame for all misfortunes upon the deputy, with the disastrous clash on the Ajmer border last Autumn being the final nail in the coffin that prompted Huq to request his resignation, hoping to save some modicum of face.\n\nNow with the appointment of a new deputy being expected within the next few weeks, few in the nation have made their desire for the candidacy less known than Subhas Chandra Bose, leader of the so called Maximist faction within the Congress and the sole candidate to challenge Huq's leadership in 1933. Allegedly taking great inspiration from the rise of his ideological ally in Britain, Deputy Chairman Mosley, Bose has been one of the chief voices calling for Sitaramayya's resignation since the beginning as part of his plan to acquire the job for himself. Only time will tell now if his scheme has finally paid off.
Hard to see what other choice Huq has...
An Unexpected Choice
With the general consensus in Calcutta being that Bose's appointment as deputy was set in stone, the Chairman's announcement of Jawaharlal Nehru to the position has shocked even some members of Huq's own cabinet. Jawaharlal, son of the late Chairman Motilal Nehru, has been a major figure within the party even before his father's retirement, and has in recent years positioned himself as one of the Chairman's strongest allies. While in any normal circumstances the appointment of someone like Nehru as deputy shouldn't be surprising, attempting to outmanoeuvre Bose like this is certainly a bold move.\n\nUpon hearing of this news Bose himself has been reportedly described as furious, vowing to oust Huq and Nehru from their positions the second the opportunity presents itself.
If the knives weren't out for Huq before, they certainly will be now.
Nambiar Demands Cabinet Position
To the surprise of no one, it has not taken long for the Maximists to make their first move in response to Huq's snub of Bose. Their first action has seen them begin to leverage their influence throughout the INC, gathering allies to attempt to force the appointment of Arathil Namibar to Huq's newly reshuffled cabinet. Namibar, a close ally of Bose, clearly has high ambitions for himself, with him reportedly vying to become the Minister of External Affairs, something that Huq will never allow to happen, but something he can't afford to simply deny.\n\nOne simple way to solve this dilemma would be to just give Namibar a low ranking position, potentially Relief and Rehabilitation, as it would be impossible for him to decline one position and expect people to back him for another. Giving him a position at all would still be seen as a win by the Maximists, no matter how minor, and would give them a staging ground to sabotage the government. Instead, the position could also be offered to Naidu's right hand man Mahadev Desai, as the Agrarians will certainly back us in doing so, and it would be hard for the Maximists to attack us for bias over the choice. Simply also giving it to a neutral party could also be the best option, as attempting to avoid this conflict at all will likely benefit us the most in the long run.
Give him a low ranking position to placate him.
Hand the position to Mahadev Desai to avoid appearing biased.
Giving it to a neutral civil servant should win us some favour.
Preparing for Operation Thunder
As per the original plans that had been drafted at the start of last year, a full mobilisation order was supposed to be issued today, ending with an invasion of both members of the Bombay Pact in the following few weeks, codenamed \
No matter what, we must be ready.
Naidu Calls for Dialogue with the Bombay Pact
What many have learned in recent years is that if there is a secret anywhere in the Republic, someone who is not meant to will inevitably find it out. In today's session, Sarojini Naidu has put forward a motion, clearly influenced by the revival of Operation Thunder, to attempt to reopen peace talks between the Republic and the occupier governments. While any peaceful reunification efforts with the southern princes were quickly discarded in prior years, as no diplomat could tolerate more than an hour with the Nizam, under Lajpat Rai quite a few attempts were floated towards the Dominion.\n\nIt was Rai's belief, and the belief of the senior Nehru before him, that with the British granting self rule to the Indians in the west they would quickly be willing to cast off the King-Emperor and fold themselves into the Republic. These beliefs were soon challenged by reality however, with the Dominion's new governments being completely reluctant to surrender their positions of power to a \
We'll send a representative for token talks.
Politely inform her that the time for diplomacy has passed.
Bose Demands a Place in Paris
With the Ninth Congress of the Third Internationale set to take place in a few weeks time, the government has decided this year to begin preparing things for its delegation early for once, with the Deputy Chairman set to lead the group we send to the great city of Paris. A quickly realised issue however of preparing this early is the issue that has been plaguing us for months: Bose. Upon hearing that Nehru is set to lead the delegation, he immediately issued a strong objection to these plans, arguing that such a delegation does not truly represent the vast breadth of Indian socialism. Instead he has demanded that a Maximist contingent be included alongside Nehru's, led by Bose himself, seemingly hoping to make the event solely about himself and building up his own image in the eyes of the socialist world.\n\nOnce again, the Chairman is in a difficult position, as although Bose's demands are obviously outrageous and entirely self-centred, many in the party have been deluded into thinking he has a point. Sending Bose would of course grant us a few weeks of peace and quiet, although he'll obviously use it to gather supporters across the globe to back future actions against us. Knowing him as well, we'll probably also have to send an apology to [FRA.GetLeader] for making them put up with him for that long.\n\nIf we do want to still try to find a way out of empowering Bose any further, sending Gandhi alongside Nehru is also another option, as even Bose can't go as far as arguing to replace the Mahatma. While Bapu isn't exactly a socialist by western standards, his beliefs have easily been translated into socialist messaging by his Agrarian supporters, so he wouldn't be that out of place in Paris. Many western socialists also have a strong soft spot for the Mahatma, which is likely to work out well for us in the long run, and so it is a very tempting option for Huq to consider.
Let him go, it'll grant a few weeks of peace.
Send the Mahatma along with Nehru, he can't object to that.
Battle of the Tapi Basin
Ever since the war in the south turned to a stalemate, our western border with the so called Federation has been aligned along the Tapi river, beginning in Berar and flowing out to the coast north of Surat. While generally the border has remained fairly static, the large basin of the river is dotted with many islets where occupation has frequently remained fluid and nebulous. To maintain order here, the river is frequently patrolled by river crews from both sides, operating out of small outposts on some of these islets.\n\nToday's issue has however arisen from one of our rather overly zealous patrols landing on one of the Federation's outposts and declaring its recapture for the Republic. While of course any reclaimed territory is a step in the right direction, the top brass of the navy were not exactly thrilled to hear of this unprompted invasion. They have advised withdrawing from the island before news reaches Hyderabad, to avoid escalating the matter any further for now. How should the navy be ordered to proceed?
Why should we retreat, Jai Hind!
Abandon the island, it's not worth escalating things yet.
Battle of the Tapi Basin
Ever since the war against the north turned to a stalemate, our western border with the socialist regime has been aligned along the Tapi river, beginning in Berar and flowing out to the coast north of Surat. While generally the border has remained fairly static, the large basin of the river is dotted with many islets where occupation has frequently remained fluid and nebulous, even with patrols by our river crews. Calcutta has clearly been paying close attention to our patrols, as in the early hours of the morning local patrols alerted us to socialist troops having seized control of one of our outposts, in between the few soldiers that were deployed there returning to shore for supplies.\n\nWhile initially fearing that this was the start of a much larger invasion, so far we have seen no movement elsewhere from the Republic's troops, with intelligence reporting to us that they seem equally as confused about this happening. The troops on the island, sitting underneath their false flag, seem to be further fortifying the island though, suggesting that they don't intend to leave any time soon. Marshal Syed El-Edroos has already begun preparing a contingent to attempt to retake it, with him arguing that we must not surrender an inch, even if it escalates things further. The Dominion has however recommended we surrender this \
How dare they, retake the island now!
Let them have it, we'll strike back soon enough.
The Federation Backs Down
Perhaps our fears of a response by the Federation were unfounded, as the cowards have seemingly abandoned the outpost, with us seeing no indication they plan to retake it.\n\nOur troops on the island have already begun to celebrate, and high command is already considering fortifying the island further to aid us in Operation Thunder.
No surprise to see those cowards surrender.
The Federation Retakes the Outpost
The news from the Tapi outpost is bitterly disappointing, with our patrols reporting back to us news of Federal troops arriving on the island, triumphing over our own troops after a short fight.\n\nFrom what we can see, three of our men were killed in fighting, with the remaining two having been taken prisoner, although the Federation has not yet reached out to blackmail us with these new bargaining chips. It is a sad day for the Republic, although in time we will have our revenge.
We have received great news from the Tapi outpost this morning, with our men having triumphed over the socialists after a short fight.\n\nTo make things even better, we suffered no casualties in the fighting, although one man suffered minor injuries after being grazed by a bullet during the fight. Three of the enemy's bandits are dead, with two more now being transferred to a prison cell, giving us a potentially useful bargaining chip in the future against Calcutta.
Calcutta's pawns will know better than to try that again.
Another pointless blunder...
The Federation is Beaten Back
We have received great news from the Tapi outpost this morning, with our men having seen off an attempted invasion by Federal troops, who landed in the late hours of last night. Their assault quickly fell apart, as our men were able to pick off the commanding officer and another soldier alongside him before the enemy even knew where they were, with another man falling as they began to flee.\n\nOne additional soldier, whom our troops initially believed dead, has been captured as well, a potential bargaining chip if needed in future. Our troops on the island have already begun to celebrate their victory, and high command is now considering fortifying the island further to aid us in Operation Thunder.
The news from the Tapi outpost is bitterly disappointing, with our patrols reporting back to us news of socialist victory on the island. Four of our men have been reportedly killed in the fighting, with a further two injured.\n\n These two were hurried back to shore by the remaining four men, who organised a retreat once the disastrous assault had clearly failed. While our men are already clamouring for revenge, we must bide our time before we can strike back at Calcutta again, and when we do we will show them what vengeance truly feels like.
A great first step to liberate the Deccan.
Calcutta will be made to pay soon enough...
Land Dispute in Raipur
When the revolution swept across India, many of the nation's poorest and needy were rightfully restored to their ancestral lands, expropriated from British colonisers and tyrannical zamindars who had previously occupied them. Much however to the chagrin of India's most radical revolutionaries, quite a few of these zamindars and small landlords still hold onto large swathes of quality land in a personal capacity, while their former serfs often ended up with the dregs. Attempts to further resolve this on a national level have frequently led to stonewalling and disagreements, led by those who believe that it would be too dangerous and radical, prompting many peasants to take matters into their own hands.\n\nIn the town of Kota, about 80 miles or so north of Raipur, a dispute between the local peasantry and one of these former zamindars has found itself escalated all the way up to Huq's office. A group of about 20 or so farmers have for the past few weeks been occupying the farmlands of the aforementioned zamindar, claiming that the land had previously belonged to their two families, before being handed to their current owner by the British. In the recent days, multiple fights have broken out, as men hired by the owner have attempted to retake the land, attacking the farmers with sticks. Fears of a further escalation of violence have led to the local governor seeking a resolution from up the chain of command.\n\nWhile obviously there is no world in which the zamindar will have the land handed back over to him, and officers will be deployed to get rid of his hired goons, what to do with it is quite the puzzle. Giving it over to the farmers would of course be the obvious option, but doing so would further encourage other peasants to copy their actions, and nothing good can come from further encouraging such outdated views of property ownership. Another option is of course to seize the land for the state, which would allow the farmers to continue to operate from it as they have been so far, but would definitely ruffle quite a few feathers. The choice of course ultimately comes down to the Chairman.
The land rightfully belongs to the farmers.
State ownership is the best way to stop these petty disputes.
Revitalising the Agra Plan
In the summer of 1934 a plan was concocted to further industrialise the city of Agra, with the name chosen for it by the smartest minds in the country simply being the eponymous \
Let them try, maybe it'll actually succeed this time.
There's no point trying a failed plan again.
The Passing of Madame Cama
One of the most diligent early Indian revolutionaries, Bhikhaiji Rustom Cama passed away today whilst recuperating from fever.\n\nHaving unfurled the first Indian national flag at the Stuttgart International Socialist Conference in 1907, Madame Cama enjoyed great prestige amongst both domestic as well as international revolutionaries.
We shall march on! Until all of India is free!
The Patiala Rally
One would not be blamed for thinking that Operation Thunder had already begun, with the streets of the border city of Patiala filled to the brim with marchers in military uniform. Instead of war however, these men are marching under the banner of Bose's latest attempt to garner support, this time with a nationalistic rally within view of the Dominion. Officially, said rally is over the supposed government inaction in regards to reclaiming the subcontinent, a long standing point of contention of the Maximists. They have always claimed that the primary weakness of the Republic's leadership has been the misguided belief that given enough time the Dominion, and by extension the Federation, would agree to fold themselves into a united free Indian state led by Calcutta.\n\nTaking the stage to once again hammer home their opposition to the approach by the previous administrations, Bose has gone so far to even begin to blame the Mahatma himself for the promotion of pacifism, although masking his criticism by not directly naming him. Throughout much of his speech he made clear to his followers that if not for pacifist ideals, no peace would have ever been signed with the occupiers, and that if the leaders of the time had thought like him and kept fighting not a single vestige of British rule would still be left. After ending his speech, the rally concluded with a final march to the border, where Bose took one last opportunity to swear that once he becomes leader, he will hold his next rally right across the border in Ludhiana.
He's got a point, you know.
How dare he speak ill of the Mahatma like this!
Poor Kharif Yields
While the nation received significant rainfall this year, to the point of flooding certain areas, the harvest of this year's Kharif crops in multiple areas has been much lower than in previous years. As usual following such disasters, everyone with an opinion to share have begun to trade ideas for potential scapegoats between themselves. Those in charge of disaster relief have however been much more preoccupied with how to aid the farmers now potentially facing food shortages, especially with funding being needed elsewhere.\n\nProminent members of the Agrarians have of course called for as much support as possible for these farmers, even if funds have to be diverted from other projects to cover it. While it would potentially paralyse the government in other fields to give this much, it should earn us quite a bit of support from the common man for going above and beyond. Simply giving what we can is also a valid option, although unlikely to earn respect for anyone but the Agrarians who initially pushed for it. Alternatively we can always just give the most minimal response possible, to save resources for elsewhere, even if it will anger those who will suffer the consequences. After all, there's soon to be a war on, and we need to dedicate as much as we can to it, even if the farmers have to suffer for a bit.
Provide all we can to support them
We'll give what we can spare
Unfortuntely we cannot afford such an expense
The Rumour Mill Campaign
Even after his \
Hunt down this snake immediately!
Gandhi Urges Unity
The recent attacks by Bose on not only the government, but the Mahatma himself, have not gone unnoticed, even by those not directly involved in the daily mudslinging. Gandhi, likely influenced into action by Bose's moves against him, has intervened once again in party politics to request unity amongst the INC's membership. While of course making clear that he may not fully agree with the government on everything they do, a shocking statement to few these days, he has stated that it is vital for our people to stand together as one if we wish to truly see full independence for the entire subcontinent.\n\nSuch words, once they made their way to Bose, have been received rather negatively by the would be \
The Mahatma once again shows his wisdom.
He should know to stay out of the government's business.
Catching the Cobra
Following a swift investigation into the outlandish rumours the government has had to suffer these past months, Huq's belief about their origin has been vindicated. The source of these lies has now been traced to Ramchandra Sakharam Ruikar, a member of the Maximist faction, and a previous leader of the All-India Trade Union Congress. Clearly operating under Bose's orders, he has been spreading rumours as part of the overall scheme to bring the government down. While we have solid proof he is behind this, any evidence of Bose's ties to it are at present little more than hearsay, but we have enough to bring down Ruikar if we so choose.\n\nMoving openly against one of Bose's allies like this is of course a risky act, as any public action such as suspending him from the party will of course blow open our internal disputes to the wider public who will see it as an issue with the party as a whole. Privately confronting him with the evidence is always an option, as it will likely keep his mouth shut in future, but will do little to weaken Bose's plot. Not taking any action at all is of course another option, as these rumours will surely burn themselves out with enough time, and the consequences are likely to be much less than further escalating it in public, even if it may benefit Bose in the short term.
Suspend him from the party at once.
Resolve the matter privately.
It is not worth further aggravating things.
The Nightingale's March
It seems Bose is not the only member of the party who is a fan of rallies, although today's one in Calcutta is thankfully much less vitriolic than the one in Patiala. Leading a great procession of women, Naidu, joined alongside her by Gandhi and prominent Agrarians, have marched through the capital as part of a call for further aid for the women of the nation. Their demands, as seen on their placards and banners, are greater support for women's education, official government backing of the All India Women's Conference, and a pledge to support the liberation of women throughout the entirety of India if reunification is achieved.\n\nThe government has always been a strong supporter of women's rights, with things arguably being better for women in the Republic than anywhere else in Asia, yet the Agrarians have often argued it is not yet enough. While agreeing to what they ask would be a rather simple thing for the government to do, there are those who also think that Naidu is simply doing this to boost her own image, rather than supporting other women. They have argued that we should for now dismiss her requests, and continue focusing on other matters, returning back to address the rights of women once the party's factionalism is a lesser concern and the rival governments have been destroyed. The decision is Huq's to make though, no matter how loudly either group advocates for their position.
The government shall of course support their goals.
Haven't we already done enough for women?
Further Integration of the AITUC
Despite the nation having nowadays firmly committed itself to the socialist cause, India was less ideologically orthodox during the early days of the revolution, with much of its leadership only being tied to socialism through their alliances with the west. As a result, despite the vital role played by labour organisations like the All India Trade Union Congress, a strong degree of separation was always maintained between it and the government. Since Huq's ascension however, there has been a gradual move to further integrate these unions along British and French lines, something deputy Nehru has always pushed especially hard for.\n\nTo that end, Nehru has today proposed giving the AITUC an even larger degree of control over Indian labour, with a plan to transfer effective control of many state owned factories to unions operating under the AITUC umbrella. According to Nehru, not only will this make their operation more efficient, but it will give the workers that comprise these unions a more direct stake in ensuring the success of their factories, which should translate to a more effective workforce.\n\nThe Agrarians, who have long been critical of the shift to the west by the Moderates, have made sure to voice their opposition to this proposal as well. They argue that attempting to mirror western ideals onto India has never worked, and that empowering unions like this in a heavily rural nation will simply marginalise the majority of the population who have never even set foot in a factory. They may have a point, but still it may be worth embarking down this road already, so that when India is at last an industrial nation it will be fully ready for socialism.
Increase the AITUC's role in Indian industry.
We cannot just copy the West wholesale and expect it to work.
The Last Triumvir
Today is a sad day for the nation, no matter your political leanings. News was received this morning regarding the passing of the great Lala Lajpat Rai following a brief illness, with a message from his family being conveyed by Rai's eldest son Amrit. Even before his life as Chairman, Rai was one of the bravest fighters for freedom India had ever known, and alongside Bal Tilak and Bipin Pal he revolutionised the independence movement as part of the Lal Bal Pal triumvirate. Even after Tilak's death and Pal's retirement, Rai fought on, achieving not only our current independence but also inspiring an entire generation of Indians to keep fighting for total freedom.\n\nEven with Huq's disagreements with Rai in his later years, the two men still greatly respected each other, and it is no surprise to hear that the Chairman has issued the order for a full state funeral for Rai. As per his family's wishes, it will be a modest affair, as modest as a state funeral can really be, and after Rai's cremation his ashes will be dispersed in the Ganga so that they may one day flow out to the ocean at Calcutta.
We shall uphold his great legacy
Cariappa Readies Operation Thunder
After a hectic year of planning and preparation, it seems that the time for the great reclamation is finally near. Meeting with the Chairman this morning, Marshal Cariappa has informed Huq that although there is likely more that could be done, the army is likely as ready as it will ever be for the beginning of Operation Thunder, with them now simply waiting for the order to begin.\n\nHe also recommended to Huq that the order be given as soon as possible, as intelligence has suggested that the Dominion may have become aware of the plans, and may consider a preemptive strike if one is not made against them soon enough.
A shame Rai did not live to see the final liberation.
The First Target
While Operation Thunder involves a strike at both the Dominion and the Federation, it has been left vague until now who efforts will initially be focused against, to avoid any potential leaks to the Dominion's spies.\n\nA quick attack against the Dominion's primary port of Karachi is certainly an option, as it will cut them off from any outside support from their Entente allies, but taking Hyderabad and cutting the head off the southern serpent is also an equally tempting option. Whatever is chosen, the army stands ready to carry out the order.
Focus on cutting off Karachi.
A quick strike south will easily break the Federation.
Calcutta on the Warpath
Due to the excellent efforts of Charles Tegart in maintaining a spy network in the regions of India uncontrolled by our government, he has just informed our government that the Republic appears to be preparing a sudden resurrection of the civil war. He has presented thorough reports of troop movements approaching the borders in the regions of Gujarat and Patiala. Now that active warfare is immediately back on the horizon, a sense of unease and fear has spread through the ministries.\n\nWe can only hope that we've adequately prepared for this moment, for if the military fails to defend the borders and reclaim the rest of India, it will mean the end of the Dominion and a new Red Raj hanging over the entirety of the continent. A propaganda drive has commenced to galvanise the Indian people and ensure their loyalty, and this news has been quickly relayed to Hyderabad so that they can too begin preparations.
Urgent news has reached us, relayed as quickly as it could be from Lahore's spies: The socialists have finalised plans to launch their invasion of both us and the Dominion. The Dominion has already issued a full mobilisation order, and we too should consider doing the same.\n\nIt seems the time we have spent a decade preparing for has at last arrived.
Urgent news has reached us, relayed as quickly as it could from our Indian friends in Lahore: The socialists of Calcutta have finalised their plans to launch their invasion of both the Dominion, and the rebel princes in the south.\n\nWhile we cannot logistically commit to a total intervention in this conflict, owing greatly to how overstretched our alliance is already, we should certainly send a small force to assist them alongside as much materiel as we can muster.
Men, to the front!
India must not fall!
The Anglo-Indian Trade Agreement
A most interesting proposal has just been wired to the officials at the Foreign Office by our consulate staff in Calcutta. Amid increasingly worrying developments in the other Indian successor states to the imperialist Raj, our good friends and proletarian brothers in [From.GetNameDef] are proposing a final economic deal to strengthen the backbone of their otherwise wobbly government with technical and industrial advisors from our British Union.\n\nIn exchange, the workingman of Britain will receive a steady supply of bananas, tea and other exotic goods while his benevolent government gains access to vital resources such as rubber. R.H. Tawney, a seasoned politician with solid socialist credentials and good connections with Congress cadres in India from the early days of our Union, awaits the acceptance of London before boarding a ship to Calcutta to flesh out the deal.
R.H. Tawney sails for Calcutta once more!
No way! International trade is the harbinger of capitalism!
[From.GetName] Has Refused
The [From.GetAdjective] government sends word declining the trade deal.
No tea for the British, then!
Trading Tea for Arms
R.H. Tawney, the man who had ensured cordial relations between Calcutta and London in the chaotic days during the collapse of the British Empire, has arrived once more in India! He brings the greetings of our dear proletarian friends in [From.GetNameDef] and promises of a new and empowered industrial cooperation between the working people of our nations.\n\nTawney himself oversaw the first nascent dispatch of British railway engineers and with his own roots firmly planted in the soil of India, he's determined to ensure that this new round of cooperation develops successfully. All that remains, is for our government to name its request in exchange for London's technical support.
Let us request industrial and engineering aid.
Let us request aid to establish a People's Air Force.
Let us ask for support in training a new People's Navy.
R.H. Tawney Reports Back
In Calcutta, our man at the negotiations, people's delegate R.H. Tawney has reported back that the Indian government wishes to conclude a treaty regarding the facilitation of British industrial aid and development in exchange for access to a greater amount of the vast wealth of India.\n\nOur colleagues in the Bengal are anxiously awaiting our response.
In Calcutta, our man at the negotiations, people's delegate R.H. Tawney has reported back that the Indian government wishes to conclude a treaty regarding the facilitation of British martial aid and development in exchange for access to a greater amount of the vast wealth of India.\n\nOur colleagues in the Bengal are anxiously awaiting our response.
In Calcutta, our man at the negotiations, people's delegate R.H. Tawney has reported back that the Indian government wishes to conclude a treaty regarding the facilitation of British naval aid and development in exchange for access to a greater amount of the vast wealth of India.\n\nOur colleagues in the Bengal are anxiously awaiting our response.
Of course, solidarity forever!
They really must be joking.
British Aid Arrives
After a perilous month at sea, the development aid we asked from our friends in Britain has finally arrived at the docks of Calcutta.\n\nWith such a huge boost to our state, we might just be able to crush the reactionaries throughout the subcontinent - from the Khyber Pass to Cape Comorin.
Behold the power of proletarian cooperation!
The Place of the Red Raj in the World
With India united behind the Calcutta government and the provinces of the pretender governments brought under Socialist administration, the cabinet has begun to debate what course we should take internationally. A logical decision would be to seek an alignment with the Internationale and thus formally take our rightful place among the great Syndicalist nations of the world.\n\nOthers, however, argue that we ought to make our own bloc of alliances - a force of Socialism with an oriental face. Such a course would definitely allow us greater freedom when it comes to spreading the revolution, but might cost us the technological benefit of associating with the great armies of the Internationale.
We shall be the Internationale's Sword in Asia!
On our own, Asia shall be painted RED!
India Wants to Join the Internationale
The fragmented remains of the British Raj have finally been reunited under the aegis of the leftist Calcutta government.\n\nAs if this wasn't good enough news for the worldwide proletariat, the new Indian government has requested to be aligned as a member of the Internationale!
Workers of the World, Unite!
We have no use for Bolsheviks in turbans...
[From.GetName] Has Refused
The [From.GetAdjective] government has sent word that the International has no need of our alliance.
Is that so?
[HND.GetNameDefCap] Proposes the Sino-Indian Bloc
The successes of both the Indian and Chinese revolutions have been a source of pride for not only the peoples of Asia, but all the socialists of the world. Our cooperation together, such as the involvement of Manabendra Nath Roy in the MMIC, was crucial to our shared victories. It is no surprise then that [HND.GetLeader] has today proposed a unified alliance between our two spheres, a grand partnership to liberate the entirety of Asia.\n\nSuch an offer has of course been welcomed by many in the government, although the thorny issue of the border regions has once again reared its head, with the Indians still claiming sovereignty over territory that is rightfully Chinese. While many are open to just agreeing to an alliance with no strings attached, there is still a significant push to demand an end to their claims before anything can be agreed upon.
Of course, our partnership shall free all of Asia!
Demand recognition of Tawang and Aksai Chin as Chinese first.
No, this alliance will only end in failure.
China Demands Border Delimitation
Good news and bad news has come back from [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. While they have shown an interest in our proposal, they have made the outrageous demand for the official recognition of parts of Kashmir and the Frontier Tracts as Chinese.\n\nDespite the value of an alliance with China, it is hard for many to stomach surrendering parts of India to their control. There is a major push now to end negotiations rather than considering this lunacy, although some still believe this sacrifice will be worth the cost in the long run.
Fine, we won't let a few villages scupper this opportunity
Tell [FROM.GetLeader] they can take it from our cold dead hands.
India Agrees to the Alliance
In a move that surprised many within the government, the Indians have agreed to recognise Chinese sovereignty over the border regions, willing to put this dispute behind them in favour of peaceful cooperation.\n\nWith nothing further in the way of our alliance, [HND.GetLeader] has arrived in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to sign a treaty to recognise our new partnership.
Let us cheer for Asian unity!
The Negotiations Fail
While many were hopeful for the future of Sino-Indian cooperation, it seems that our new \
They will regret this.
The Bharatiya People's Republic's Decision
Despite [HND.GetNameDef] refusing  our request for an alliance, they are not the sole leaders of the world revolution.\n\nThe option still remains open to us to instead reach out to the Internationale directly, and seek an alliance with their leadership, if we still wish to take a place on the world stage.
Get on the line to [INT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] immediately.
We shall stand on our own
[From.GetNameDefCap] Wants to Join the Internationale
We have received an interesting request from [From.GetNameDef] today, informing us that they wish to seek a direct alliance with us, owing to [HND.GetNameDef]'s refusal of their original offer of an alliance.\n\nA decision must be made whether we should accept this offer, or throw them out just as the Indians have.
Agree to their alliance request.
We're overextended already, they're on their own.
[From.GetName] Has Refused
The [From.GetAdjective] government has sent word that the Internationale has no need of our alliance.
Insulting!
[FROM.GetName] seeks an alliance with [ROOT.GetNameDef]
As the revolutionary fires sweep through Asia, the need for solidarity and cooperation among the newly emancipated peoples becomes more and more evident. Aware of the dangers of remaining neutral in the quickly changing global scene, our comrades from [From.GetNameDef] have requested to join the [ROOT.GetFactionName].\n\nAccepting this request would extend our influence in Asia, however voices of dissent have warned about entanglement in unnecessary foreign ventures.
We welcome our [From.GetAdjectiveCap] comrades.
This is unnecessary, let's reject their petition.
The Case of the Enemies' Officer Corps
The National Government has finally dislodged the last vestiges of colonialism on the Indian sub-continent and enforced a truly native system of governance on the troublesome north-western and southern provinces. Now with their masters crushed, the curs who once served them have expressed wishes to continue to serve Mother India, placing the nation above political alignment.\n\nHowever, if we enrol these men we might face trouble from our own officers who resent serving alongside former enemies.
Let in only those who served the dominion, not the inflated zamindars.
Only allow in those from the south, at least they fought for independence.
Accept them all, we need the men.
Never, they should consider themselves lucky they haven't been shot!
The First United Congress Begins
With the nation now united under one banner, Chairman Huq has seen fit to call a special session, with representatives invited from the entirety of India to take part.\n\nWhile Huq doing so is a rather expected action, as the party will need to consider how it handles this new emerging chapter in India's history, rumours are still circulating about what may actually happen over the next few weeks.
Let's hope this all goes smoothly.
Huq Announces his Retirement
It seems that some of the rumours of the past few weeks had some truth to them, as at the beginning of the special session today Huq made the major announcement of his own retirement as Chairman. Stating that he believes he has done his part in uniting the nation and the task of healing it is one best left to a newer generation, he has unsurprisingly endorsed Nehru as his successor.\n\nIn a likely ill-fated bid to see off the inevitable challenges against Nehru, Huq ended his speech urging that the INC must be united in this tumultuous time and that factionalism should be put behind the party while the nation heals.
No prizes for guessing who is to speak next...
Bose Challenges Nehru's Leadership
To the surprise of no one, Huq's call for unity at the end of his speech was almost immediately interrupted with Bose standing up and announcing his intention to challenge Nehru for the nation's leadership.\n\nFollowing the inevitable outraged shouting back and forth between Maximists and Moderates, bathed in years worth of vitriol against each other, Nehru took to the podium to state that he accepts Bose's challenge against him. After the crowd had further settled down, he declared his request to see a leadership election occur in the next few weeks to decide the fate of the party once and for all.
The inevitable confrontation is at hand.
Naidu Throws Her Hat into the Ring
While until now the Agrarians have seen fit to build up in the background while Huq and Bose went at each other in the open, the announcement of this leadership election has at last seen them make their move.\n\nThrowing her own hat into the ring, Naidu quickly followed Nehru's rebuttal to Bose with an announcement of her candidacy against both of them. It seems the party is destined for a very competitive leadership contest in the coming weeks, with no one truly sure who will come on top as of yet.
Time to see who can call in enough favours.
Seeking the Sardar's Support
While the INC may have officially declared their support for socialism, having long aligned themselves with the socialist powers of Europe, large swathes of the party still remain rather uncommitted to such radical ideas. Those who have remained within the party but distance themselves from its socialist message have since coalesced around Vallabhbhai Patel, whose strong position in the Congress has ensured that their voices have not been drowned out.\n\nWith such influence, winning over his endorsement is seen as vital by the challengers in ensuring that the party's Centre back their leadership bids, although Patel's vocal opposition to Bose has seen the Maximists quickly abandon any notions of receiving their backing. This has left this specific race between Nehru and Naidu, with the former attempting to win over Patel with reassurances of concessions to the Centre, while the latter has appealed to their mutual unwavering faith in the Mahatma's vision. Both now wait with bated breath to hear his decision.
Nehru receives the Centre's backing.
Patel chooses to voice support for Naidu
Militarism and the Mahatma
Despite the many attacks by the Maximists upon Gandhi and his ideals, he has long avoided directly responding to their inflammatory spiels, instead choosing to echo his view of unity, that a house divided cannot stand and achieve Purna Swaraj.\n\nWith India now united however, many within the party have begun to urge the Mahatma to push back against the attacks levied against him by Bose's followers and, as especially advocated for by the Agrarians, push back on Bose's own arguments that his brand of militarism was what finally achieved independence.\n\nTo that end Naidu has even taken the step of asking for the Mahatma's personal endorsement, hoping to finally break Bose's grip over the party, with Gandhi requesting time to first consider his answer.
Gandhi refuses to stand idly by, and openly endorses Naidu.
The Mahatma once again chooses to stay neutral in this conflict.
The AITUC Endorsement
For those within the party who fully align themselves with more orthodox socialist beliefs, the endorsement of the AITUC may be a significant factor in who they choose to back in the race. It is unsurprising then that both Bose and Nehru have launched separate attempts to achieve the federation's endorsement.\n\nBoth men have begun to call in as many favours as they can with the leadership of the unions that make up the federation, and have leaned in as hard as they can upon each of their socialist credentials to try to win over those they have less direct ties to. With enough effort, especially in winning over the right people in the right places, either man could secure this vital endorsement.
The AITUC rallys behind Nehru.
Maximists in the AITUC secure an endorsement for Bose.
The Voting Begins
After such an energetic few weeks, the leadership election campaign has finally drawn to an end, with the party now gathered in [HND.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to carry out the two rounds of voting.\n\nEven to the bitter end campaigning is still ongoing however, with desperate members of each faction attempting to convince their fellow men and women to back their candidate as they enter the building.
It's still anyone's game at this point.
[HND_loc_united_election_event_title]
The Challengers Defeated
Victory of the Netaji
Naidu's Outside Bid
With the voting now concluded it was almost immediately obvious to everyone that no one could have emerged the victor except for Nehru, even before the results of the first round had been announced. While the actual results may have seemed arguably very close, with Bose only a few votes behind Nehru, the strong opposition of the Agrarians and the other Gandhians to his bid virtually guaranteed that they would shift their backing to Nehru in unison. These assumptions were of course quickly proved to be correct with the results of the final round, giving Nehru a landslide victory that the party clearly believed he deserved.\n\nImmediately capitalising on such a resounding victory, the members present were reassembled alongside most of the Congress's leadership for Nehru's victory speech. Nehru first made sure to thank the delegates for affirming their support in his leadership of both the party and the nation, but quickly pivoted to thanking both Bose and Naidu for their challenges against him, arguing they have helped ensure that \
With the voting now concluded the results have been shocking for large swathes of the party, with Subhas Chandra Bose emerging as the victor. His victory was almost completed outright in the first round, with him falling a dozen or so votes shy of an outright victory, potentially skipping a second round entirely. With Naidu eliminated from the contest, the Moderates were still confident in victory, believing that they would still be able to clinch a win with the backing of the Agrarian voters. Their confidence would however turn out to be misplaced, as Bose would come ahead of Nehru in the second round by just three votes, a victory regardless of how tight it may have been.\n\nAttempting to keep things civil, Nehru was granted the ability to make a concession speech, in which he once again echoed Huq's prior calls for unity, although with a clear disappointed tone in his voice. Naidu on the other hand rejected the offer for a speech of her own, with Bose's victory speech being moved up after Nehru's. While grandiose in nature, his speech was ultimately undercut by the early exit of the Agrarians partway through, although the strength of the cheers from the Maximists upon its conclusion would have made you believe the building was still as full as ever.
With the voting now concluded it seems that Congress has chosen to reward neither of the two factions who have spent the past few years squabbling, with Naidu having secured victory over both Nehru and Bose. The first round of voting saw Naidu emerge as the clear winner, with Nehru trailing behind her, and Bose in a distant third place. While this would not completely preclude a comeback by Nehru, especially as many expected the Maximists to just back him as the lesser evil as they share many common ideals, many of the Maximists including Bose himself simply walked out upon hearing of his defeat. As a result, the confirmation of Naidu's second round victory was nothing more than a formality at that point.\n\nIn the aftermath, Naidu chose to hold a short humble victory speech, thanking her allies for their support, before quickly offering the stage to Nehru for a concession speech. While in time things will likely continue to be amicable between the Moderates and Agrarians, as they were never truly at odds, it is unlikely that Bose will take this loss laying down. For now however it seems his hopes of coming to power have been firmly quashed, and that the party's leadership has once again shifted back to its Gandhian wing.
It is with Nehru that India shall step out from the old to the new.
The Congress has full faith in Hamare Neta!
I'm sure Bapu is proud of what she has achieved.
Choosing a New Deputy
With the Deputy position now vacant, following Nehru's ascension to Chairman, Nehru's first action will need to be the appointment of a Deputy of his own. Even before his endorsement of Nehru, Sardar Patel had been eyed as the primary candidate for the position, with Nehru wishing to sure up the support of many of those sceptical of his leadership. With Nehru now Chairman, Patel has remained as prime choice, although two alternative options have also been floated.\n\nThe first of these would be Naidu herself, and Rajendra Prasad being the second. With Bose's attempts to divide the party still seemingly in motion, the appointment of the former may be just what is needed to ensure an end to divisive factionalism. Equally however, the decision to appoint the more \
With the Deputy position now vacant, following Nehru's ascension to Chairman, Nehru's first action will need to be the appointment of a Deputy of his own. Initially Sardar Patel was the primary candidate being eyed for the position, but with his refusal to endorse Nehru over Naidu such an appointment has been decided against. In his stead, the two main alternative options that are now being considered are Naidu herself, and Rajendra Prasad.\n\nWith Bose's attempts to divide the party still seemingly in motion, the appointment of the former may be just what is needed to ensure an end to divisive factionalism. Equally however, the decision to appoint the more \
Patel's backing was vital for victory, pick him.
Reach across the aisle and offer the spot to Naidu.
Go with Prasad, a more neutral deputy would be ideal.
Bose Breaks With the Congress
Seeing no viable remaining path to leadership within the INC itself following his defeat at the hands of [HND.GetLeader], Bose has today announced his intentions to split from the party, along with his Maximist followers, and form their own rival party to the Congress. He has declared that his new party, the All India Forward Bloc, will be purely socialist, allowing in no moderates; of whom Bose has made sure to repeatedly blame for his election defeat.\n\nWhile prospective members of this new party have begun celebrating what they see as a new path for the nation, most have simply recognised it as the death throes of Bose's slowly dying movement.
With him gone maybe we'll finally get some peace and quiet.
Exodus of the Centre
Bose's election as Chairman can hardly be described as universally popular within the party, and even now open opposition to his leadership has remained commonplace. While attempts have been made to limit this criticism, the most recent attempt at censorship has backfired, with the party's Centre under Sardar Patel finally deciding that enough is enough and announcing their mass resignation from the party.\n\nSuch news would normally shake faith in a leader, but the Maximists including Bose have reportedly taken the news in stride, believing that the self purge of these moderates has simply removed a major weight around the nation's neck for them.
The Netaji has already advanced us so much, the rubbish takes itself out!
The Victory Parade
Upholding the promise he made in Patiala, a great rally was organised by the Chairman, held today in Ludhiana where the border between the Republic and the Dominion once sat. This rally, primarily intended to be a parade for the nation's victory over the occupiers, has not just focused upon Bose and his image as many believed it might. Instead, a large portion of Bose's victory speech has been dedicated to Gandhi, and in a rather shocking turn of events his words on the Mahatma were rather positive for once.\n\nWhile throughout the speech Bose would repeatedly make clear that he does not see eye to eye with Gandhi on every issue, he also hammered home the idea that the nation would not be free if not for the tireless work of the Mahatma. The most shocking part of the speech however may have been its conclusion, where not only did the Chairman announce that Gandhi's birthday of October 2nd will become a permanent national holiday, but he also made the surprising statement that this would be to celebrate the man now that \
We shall always respect the Father, even if he does not respect us.
The Passing of Rabindranath Tagore
A staunch friend of Gandhi and quite possibly the greatest scholar-poet India has seen in hundreds of years passed away late last night surrounded by his grieving family.\n\nHis place amongst the Agrarians has been taken by the eminent peasant leader Panjabrao Deshmukh.
He is now where the mind has no fear.
Fate of the Princes
The sovereignty of the southern princes has been completely extinguished, and the princes that chose to remain loyal to the British crown have likewise been ousted from their seats of power. Yet despite this, many have taken umbrage at supposed government inaction as to their further fate. While they may no longer have any direct power over national affairs, many of the princes who have chose to remain in India have been able to hold onto much of their personal lands and estates.\n\nThere has been repeated calls through both the INC and the wider public to not only see this land expropriated from these former royals, but also to further exile them from the country for their crimes against the common man. This is not a universal view however, and quite a few advocate instead simply leaving them to live as private citizens, for they have already been stripped of any real power to further oppress our peoples. The choice is one best left for [HND.GetLeader] to make.
They may continue to live as private citizens, just without their extreme excesses.
Exile them and redistribute their fortunes to those in need.
What path does HND go down?
This will tell the AI what to do
Syndie
RadSoc
Totalist
Join the Eastern Syndicalist Union
Propose the Sino-Indian Bloc
With the success of the revolutions in both China and India, it would be foolish for us to not seek further cooperation with our friends in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. Although the issue of the border between us still remains thorny, we are hopeful that this petty nationalism will not put a stop to Asian unity.
The Internal Factions of the Congress
\n\n\n£GFX_IND_INC_cat_texticon\n\n\n\n\n\n\nEver since the retirement of Lajpat Rai as the nation's president, the leadership of the Indian National Congress has shifted into the hands of Abul Kasem Fazlul Huq's wing of the party, known as the §rModerates§!, who take the most inspiration in the party from their European socialist counterparts. Huq's leadership has long been challenged by those within the party who seek the top spot themselves, and now with the controversial appointment of Nehru as Deputy, the knives are now truly out with two primary alternative factions seeking to take over the helm.\n\nChief among those with knives drawn are Subhas Chandra Bose's §oMaximists§!, representing the largest internal threat to Huq's administration. Like the Moderates, this wing takes major inspiration from European socialists, but attempts to harmonise these beliefs with those proclaimed by the strong nationalist movements of the world, with the goal of carving out a \
Support from the Unions
The nation's unions, united under the AITUC umbrella, have grown greatly in influence under Huq's leadership. Through calling in enough favours, we can ensure that they use their new found position to correctly repay their great benefactor for his aid, shoring up the Chairman's position.
Mobilise Workers
If there is one area the Moderates cannot be beat, it is how they have begun to revolutionise Indian industry, barring the Agra Plan of course. By furthering investing into industrial advancement we can not only improve the image of the Moderates as great modernisers, but also improve national production to the levels we need.
Compromise with the Centre
Despite our journey towards socialism, much of the INC still remains steadfast in their old ways, not outright rejecting the leadership's socialism but not adopting it either. Keeping these people on side is vital for getting things done, and so dialling back on a few policies may be worth it to keep their favour.
Jai Hind!
It was revolution that won India its freedom, and it is revolution that shall free the rest of her peoples still under colonial oppression. Every able bodied man, and even the willing women, must be ready to fight back against the occupiers, and liberate the entire nation!
Fighting for Our Freedom
Soldiers are nothing without weapons to fight with, and ramping up military production must be a priority, no matter the naysaying of pacifists who still believe India can be reunited through peace. The occupiers only speak with violence, and we shall respond with bullets.
Denounce the \
The idea that Savinkov's \
Weaving Together Our Liberation
Time and time again, the British have been defeated through swadeshi, and they will continue to be defeated by it as long as they still occupy India. Continuing to encourage that our people create their own clothing and goods shall allow us to repurpose this industry to more important matters, even if the Agrarians will regard it as a victory for their beliefs.
Promoting Satyagraha
No matter how one may feel about it, we cannot deny the grip that Gandhi and his views have over the populous, and we would be fools not to at least support his ideals. Even if we do not believe that India will be reunited through peace, it will keep the people content and active if they believe they can strive to achieve it.
Discrediting Pacifism
The Agrarians' continued insistence that India will free itself through peaceful means is slowly becoming an albatross around the nation's neck. We must discredit these ideas and further convince the average Indian that war is the only option, if we wish for them to be willing to take up arms once the time comes.
Renovate the Bombay-Agra Road
The Bombay-Agra road has been in a sorry state ever since the revolution, with damage to it not only during that war, but neglect and subsequent damage in the years following. With a tank no longer the only way to travel between the two, we should see to restoring it, and reconnecting the nation once more.
Restore the Delhi-Madras Plan
Before the revolution, there were great plans for a railroad connecting Madras all the way to Delhi; something obviously scuppered by the intervening years. With much of the track already laid, alongside nearby connections we can reuse, finally fulfilling this plan should be a relatively easy thing to accomplish.
Calcutta-Hyderabad Highway
Its years under the Federation have seen Hyderabad emerge as one of the most important cities on the subcontinent, even now with its supposed leader having fled like a coward. Ensuring that there is a direct route between it and Calcutta should greatly aid the nation's growth, and hopefully reintegrate the city properly into the Republic.
Renovating Karachi's Docks
The revolution reduced the British remnants to a single major port, that being Karachi, which through Entente aid has swollen to be one of the most important on the subcontinent. The reduction in support to the Dominion following the Great Depression, and damage in the intervening years, has seen it begin to decay and falter. With enough support, we should be able to turn the port's fortunes back around, and make better use of it than the Dominion ever did.
Rebuilding Lahore
If there is any city the Dominion would have refused to surrender without a fight, it was their final capital of Lahore, a city that took two wars to finally fall to the Republic. The devastation wrought upon the city as they clung on will not be fixed overnight, but efforts to do so must begin immediately if we wish to see it one day return to its great heights.
Srinagar Urbanisation
Srinagar, once one of the capitals of the former princely state of Kashmir, now a sorry excuse for a settlement neglected for years under the Dominion. The city is however one with great potential, and with an actual competent government now in charge of it, we can easily begin to transform it into the proper modern city it was destined to be.
Hyderabad Industrialisation Projects
Despite growth seen under the Federation, the outlying areas of Hyderabad seem centuries behind the rest of India, with many of its poor having been subjected to cruel forms of borderline slavery under the Nizam's tyranny. With its people now liberated, we should ensure that they are put back to work, in much fairer conditions, to get them both back on their feet and ensure the region is finally brought into the 20th century.
Orissa Mine Expansions
India, like much of Asia, is not known as a powerhouse in the bauxite industry, yet aluminium is a vital resource in the modern age, especially when it comes to aircraft production. It is vital that regions like Orissa which contain this precious ore are mined to their fullest, and processing facilities are set up to facilitate them in nearby settlements.
Mysore Chromite Mining
While greatly tapped by their former Maharaja's regime, the mines in Mysore are still filled with plenty chromite, ready to be extracted and processed for the Republic's use. We should see to putting many of those forced out of work by the war to the task of mining in the region, killing two birds with one stone.
Dacca Roadworks
Dacca has long been a city just bursting for growth, but held back by poor infrastructure compared to what a modern city needs to thrive. We should see to putting those out of work to improve the roads in the city, and encouraging those who have lost their homes in the war to make new ones in this blossoming metropolis.
Formulating the Retaken States
The administrative situation we have inherited from the south is nothing short of a nightmare, with borders drawn to fit the feudal domains of petty tyrants rather than to serve the people who live there. We should see about a proper redrawing of these borders, likely dividing things along linguistical lines, rather than maintaining their archaic former structure.
Local Elections in the South
The southern states have never known true freedom or democracy, with any semblance of it being nothing more than the concessions from the highest elites to empower those one rung lower on the ladder. We should see to bringing proper elections to the region, so that the people can finally be liberated, even if for now they might not vote the correct way.
Andhran Farming Collectives
The mostly agrarian region of Andhra once had much of its farmland owned by landlords, and worked by peasants exploited by these landlords. With these peasants now free and the land liberated from its owners, it is the perfect opportunity to hand these over to the peasants under collective ownership, a much fairer and more productive approach than the old system.
Land Clearance in Vizagapatam
Much of the useful and arable land in the former border region Vizagapatam has found itself occupied not by farmers and their humble farms, but by military camps and fortifications. With the south liberated and the region free from any immediate conflict, we should see to clearing out and removing these military instillations, and turning the land back over to the farmers who once owned it.
Supporting Keralam Rubber Plantations
Rubber is one of the most important resources in our modern age, and the landowners in the south only concerned themselves with profiting as much from it as they could, rather than the wellbeing of their workers. With these plantations now turned over to those who actually ran them, we should ensure that they are quickly able to restart production efforts, and hopefully even surpass previous outputs with a much more willing workforce.
Electrify the Northeastern Villages
Many villages in Assam and the southern locales around Manipur have yet to recive a comprehensive power utility network. While support to these isolated areas was limited due to the difficult situation we faced when we did not control all of India, we should show the Indians of Assam that they have not been forgotten.
Divide the Nizam's Lands
When his lands fell, the cowardly Nizam did not stand to fight like a man, or accept that the Republic is the true Indian government. He instead fled overseas, seeking support from anyone who would listen about his restoration, while spinning lies about his former subjects' treatment under their liberators. Since he is obviously no longer in a position to defend them, we should divide his great estates amongst his former subjects, so that they may now own the land he once forced them to work for his own profits.
Repossess the Lands of Landlords
Much of the land in the Punjab has for decades been ran by landlords, with the Dominion's government actually being ran by many of them while they tried to claim that they spoke for India's people. These tyrants must have their lands repossessed, and handed over to the people they falsely claimed to represent, with exile on the table for the worst offenders.
Begin Redeveloping the Dharavi
The Federation not only did little to address the great slums that have slowly formed in Bombay, but effectively made the situation worse with their inaction towards it. Our people cannot be allowed to live in such squalid conditions, and so workers must be sent to help rebuild and redevelop the region, providing proper housing and standards of living to our fellow countrymen forced to live there.
Subhas Chandra Bose
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 23rd, 1897, in Cuttack, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAs a boy, Subhas Chandra Bose once assaulted a British schoolmaster for defaming his beloved India; his expulsion thereafter left Bose with an almost rabid desire for vengeance. Indeed, despite his father's desire for him to receive a western education so that he may do well under the British Raj, he would insist upon wearing traditional Indian clothing and developed an interest in Bengali Mysticism (though he would later study Philosophy in college, specifically focusing on western thinkers like Kant). Ultimately, his nationalism prevented him from finishing the civil exam, voluntarily refusing to take his final exam. Afterward he would join the INC, though became unimpressed by Gandhi's vague, pacifistic rhetoric.\n\nAs a mentee and protege of the militant anti-British Chittaranjan Das, Bose was one of the most vocal supporters of Purna Swaraj and the subsequent Indian Civil War. When a ceasefire was reached, he voiced his opposition as editor of the newspaper \
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 23rd, 1897, in Cuttack, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Abul Kasem Fazlul Huq
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 26th, 1873, in Saturia, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a well-off Muslim Bengali family of lawyers and scholars, Huq followed in the footsteps of his family by obtaining a Bachelor Degree in Law. Practicing in the Calcutta High Court, Huq became a major regional leader when he became secretary of the Bengal Muslim League, and then a national name once he became President of the All-India Muslim League. Huq's association with the INC during this period was strained, but as the crisis betwixt the INC and British spiraled and the subcontinent lit ablaze, Huq could ill afford to be identified as anything but an ally of the INC when they controlled his side of the fence.\n\nDeclaring himself an avowed Syndicalist, his established position in Bengali politics and entry into the INC secured his continued relevance. When Chairman Rai resigned in 1933, Huq would come out on top of a severely fractious competition, even outbidding Bose for the position. Breaking with Rai's conciliatory policies while slowly pulling the People's Republic away from the Internationale's orbit, tensions between Huq and the INC began to fester and nearly boiled over after the 1935 border clash at Ajmer.\n\nBut despite the loss of his Deputy and the rapid growth of inter-party factionalism, Chairman Huq holds on. With the legacy he will leave behind on the line, Huq eyes the chessboard carefully, for every move is incalculably crucial.§!
Jawaharlal Nehru
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 14th, 1889, in Allahabad, North-Western Provinces and Oudh, British India§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJawaharlal Nehru, the son of the late but politically titanic Motilal Nehru, led an unassuming but privileged childhood. Following a brief stint as a Theosophist under the wings of Annie Besant and Ferdinand Brooks, witnessing the Russo-Japanese War and Second Boer Wars would convoke dreams of Indian and Asiatic freedom from the thraldom of European powers.\n\nDespite a promising Cambridge education in Law, Nehru was much more interested in the Nationalist cause. Identifying with radical elements of the INC in the early 1910s, Nehru would later precede his father in bringing the  Gandhian ideals of non-cooperation into the INC's mainstream. Despite spending much time in and out of prison for his nativist activism, Nehru was the Mayor of Allahabad when the Indian Civil War kicked off, and swiftly became one of the most powerful leaders of the INC. Though once a radical, the INC's dramatic shift to the left have left him squarely in the centre of the party, a position he would find most advantageous.\n\nHaving slyly outdone Bose in becoming the new Deputy Chairman in 1936, his political maneuvering made him the most palatable man to lead the nation after Chairman Huq's resignation. Nehru plans to imitate the successes of the French Communards while asserting India as a rising industrial power.§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 14th, 1889, in Allahabad, North-Western Provinces and Oudh, British India§!
Sarojini Naidu
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 13th, 1879, in Hyderabad, Hyderabad State, India§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSarojini Naidu's education received a boost, after passing her matriculation exam, she studied abroad in Cambridge with a scholarship from the then-Nizam of Hyderabad. Her career as a progressive began soon after her inter-caste marriage, becoming a popular orator in the cause for women's right and Indian independence. She would redouble her sociopolitical efforts after meeting Gandhi in 1914, soon becoming one of the most devoted followers of the Mahatma.\n\nIn the aftermath of the first Indian Civil War, she became one of the most prominents members of the Agrarian faction of the INC, leading the charge in the cause of upliftment for Indian women and establishing one of the strongest feminist movements in the entirety of Asia, if not the world. Despite her prediction that the Dominion and the Princes would simply collapse on their own with no need for further war being notoriously incorrect, her charismatic personality and wry political acumen have landed her into a position of great prominence. As the Chairwoman of the Republic, Naidu will pursue a course of national healing and instill Gandhian values across the subcontinent, ushering in a new egalitarian age for India.§!
Vallabhbhai Jhaverbhai Patel
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 31st, 1875, in Nadiad, Bombay Presidency, British India§!
Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar
§YBorn:§! §LApril 14th, 1891, in Mhow, Central Provinces, British India§!
Chakravarti Rajagopalachari
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 10th 1878, in Thorapalli, Presidency of Fort St. George, British India§!
Madan Mohan Malaviya
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1861, in Allahabad, North-Western Provinces, British India§!
Madhav Sadashivrao Golwalkar
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 19th, 1906, in Ramtek, Central Provinces and Berar, British India§!
Vinayak Damodar Savarkar
§YBorn:§! §LMay 28th, 1883, in Bhagur, Bombay Presidency, British India§!
Shripad Amrit Dange
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 10th, 1899, in Karanjgaon, Presidency of Bombay, British India§!
Hemanta Kumar Sarkar
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Baganchra, Bombay Presidency, British India§!
Rajendra Prasad
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 3rd, 1884, in Ziradei, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Chandra Shekhar Azad
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 23rd, 1906, in Bhabhra, Alirajpur State, Central India Agency, India§!
Leela Roy
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 2nd, 1900, in Goalpara, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Arathil Candeth Narayanan Nambiar
§YBorn:§! §L1896, in Tellicherry, Presidency of Fort St. George, British India§!
Jayaprakash Narayan
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 11th, 1902, in Sitab Diara, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Amrit Kaur
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 2nd, 1887, in Lucknow, United Provinces of Agra and Oudh, British India§!
Bhogaraju Pattabhi Sitaramayya
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 24th, 1880, in Gundugolanu, Presidency of Fort St. George, British India§!
Mahadev Desai
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1892, in Surat, Presidency of Bombay, British India§!
Subbier Appadurai Ayer
§YBorn:§! §LApril 14th, 1898, in the Presidency of Fort St. George, British India§!
Manabendra Nath Roy
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 21st, 1887, in Arbelia, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Vengalil Krishnan Krishna Menon
§YBorn:§! §LMay 3rd, 1896, in Tellicherry, Presidency of Fort St. George, British India§!
Balasaheb Gangadhar Kher
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 24th, 1888, in Ratnagiri, Bombay Presidency, British India§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAn accomplished lawyer, Kher fled Bombay for Gujarat in the chaos that followed the dissolution of the British Raj. Kher rose in political prominence by advocating for the protection of the rights of India's lower castes, and it is from these lower caste's that he draws the greatest support. Kher is known for his compassion for the less fortunate outside politics as well; he is known to personally involve himself in charitable endeavours, and is as likely to be found attending to his political duties, as assisting in the construction of a new orphanage or staffing a soup kitchen.§!
Kodandera Madappa Cariappa
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 28th, 1899, in Shanivarsanthe, Coorg Province, British India§!
Rash Behari Bose
§YBorn:§! §LMay 25th, 1886, in Subaldaha, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Satyawant Mallanna Shrinagesh
§YBorn:§! §LMay 11th, 1903, in Kolhapur, Kolhapur State, India§!
Jayanto Nath Chaudhuri
§YBorn:§! §LJune 10th, 1908, in Chatmohar, Eastern Bengal and Assam Province, British India§!
Lakshmi Swaminathan
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1914, in Anakkara, Presidency of Fort St. George, British India§!
Prem Sahgal
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 25th, 1917, in Lahore, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
Ajit Rudra
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 20th, 1896, in Delhi, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 18th, 1914, in Algon, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
Mohan Singh
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1909, in Ugoke, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
Pran Nath Thapar
§YBorn:§! §LMay 23rd, 1906, in Lahore, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
Bhagat Singh
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1907, in Banga, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
Ram Dass Katari
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1911, in Chingleput, Presidency of Fort St. George, British India§!
Kalyani Sen
§YBorn:§! §L1917, in Lahore, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
Gopal Gurunath Bewoor
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 11th, 1916, in Seoni, Central Provinces and Berar, British India§!
Mohammad Ishfaqul Mazid
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 17th, 1903, in Jorhat, North-East Frontier Province, British India§!
Adhar Kumar Chatterji
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1914, in Dacca, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Bhaskar Sadashiv Soman
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 30th, 1913, in Gwalior, Gwalior State, Central India Agency, India§!
Subroto Mukerjee
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 5th, 1911, in Calcutta, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Dodla Ranga Reddy
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 2nd, 1921, in Buchireddypalem, Presidency of Fort St. George, British India§!
Arcot Doraiswamy Loganadan
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1888, in Bangalore, Kingdom of Mysore, India§!
Karun Krishna Majumdar
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1913, in Calcutta, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Homi Jehangir Bhabha
Chittagong Development Plan
The once great settlement of Chittagong is barely big enough nowadays to consider itself a town, yet it is clearly destined for so much more than that. It is the perfect place for further urban growth, something our country desperately needs, and so aiding it along should be a high priority.
Allahabad Expressway
The city of Allahabad is a perfect nexus point, connecting the great cities of Bengal to the heartland centres like Cawnpore and Lucknow. Furthering the infrastructure in this region with an expanded expressway will further connect these vital industrial regions together.
Expand Raipur Ferrochromium Plants
It would be easy to expand mining operations in the mountains of Raipur to better harvest the great chromite deposits beneath, but without the proper facilities to process the raw ore doing so would yield little to us but fancy rocks. Instead we should focus on further expansion of processing facilities in the city itself, both improving our ferrochromium output, and providing a slew of new jobs for the area.
Fording the Narmada
The mighty Narmada cuts the Malwa region in half, and has served for many years as one of the natural barriers separating us from the Deccan. Building bridges in the region to ford not only it but the nearby Tapi will pay off greatly in the long term, especially when we begin to send troops down over them.
Reaping the Fruits of Investment
Our great infrastructure projects are at last paying dividends, as the nation begins to move further away from the ruins of the revolution into a grand new era. Let us benefit now from these boons, and use them to invest even further into the nation's development!
Rise Above the Scars
While much of India was ripped apart or destroyed by fighting in the revolution, the nation shall never truly die as long as there are brave Indians ready to see it prosper. It is time now to begin our rise above the devastation, and make India the power it was always meant to be.
Foster Native Growth
Despite some help from our allies in Europe, the Republic has found itself rather isolated from outside connections, with many choosing to back the occupiers against us. We are left with no choice but to grow on our own, in spite of their attempts to destroy us; but this is no problem for our mighty nation, whose people are entirely willing to serve it with enough of a helping hand from the government.
Growth of Mining Unions
India has so much untapped wealth for us to access, but many mines in the country found themselves abandoned in the aftermath of the revolution, with their foreign owners fleeing at the thought of not being able to oppress their workers any longer. We should support the restoration of these mining operations, this time owned by the workers themselves, banding together under the umbrella of their unions.
The Slums Clearance Project
The poorest amongst us live in dingy shacks, filling out the slums that blot many of the major cities of the nation. Removing these slums and replacing them with proper housing for our people should be a top priority, as no one should have to suffer the indignity of living in such conditions.
The Rural Development Plan
Despite our lofty ambitions, we cannot gloss over the fact that India is by and large an agrarian nation filled with rural villages, only broken up by the occasional city. Changing this is not a simple overnight endeavour, but it is a process best started now, so that in a few decades we may begin to see major progress in urbanisation.
Arms of the Revolution
Violence is the only language the occupiers of the nation truly understand, and they clearly have no qualms about forcing their language onto the Indian people. We shall ensure they are responded to in kind, with as many people as possible armed to defend their homeland, ready to fight for their freedom.
More than Ishapore
As part of their embargo on Indian arms, one of their failed attempts to avoid a repeat of the first independence war, the only factory allowed to produce rifles in the entire subcontinent was the one in Ishapore. When we rose up against British rule the factory fell under our control, providing the guns needed to keep the army supplied, yet it is not enough on its own. Without an embargo to stop us, we should focus on building new arms factories, to serve us like Ishapore has.
Optimising Existing Infrastructure
The nation does not need to spend valuable resources on constructing an extreme number of military plants, when it could much more easily improve the output of existing factories while focusing its development efforts elsewhere. Replacing old decaying equipment, better training for workers, and other such ideas are a simple way for us to accomplish this without a major effort on our part, and it should be done as soon as possible.
Strive for More
We are the home of the revolution in Asia, and we cannot simply rest on our laurels even if we think we have enough guns for our own troops. More and more factories need to be constructed, so that every revolutionary from China to Arabia are able to be armed against the dying dogs of the old order.
Preparing for the Final Push
While we may outnumber the Bombay Pact in terms of soldiers, we are still woefully unprepared to actually drive these imperialists from the subcontinent. As advocated by marshal Cariappa, the army must be reformed as soon as possible, so that we can at last execute Operation Thunder.
The French Example
Our allies in Paris have aided us for many years, especially in military matters. It is only natural then that we request their further assistance in improving our army, as we can easily destroy our foes by utilising their superior tactics, and the advanced equipment they can provide us.
A War of Shells
A single artillery crew can easily kill hundreds of men without suffering any casualties of their own, especially when outfitted with the best guns they can be provided from our allies. When we march upon the cities occupied by our rivals, we shall do so under a hail of artillery barrages, and few will be left standing to stop us.
Coordinated Offences
Chaos is often an effective strategy on the battlefield, but one that is highly risky when your own soldiers get swept up in said chaos. Instead of gambling on successfully exploiting holes in the enemy's lines, we should prioritise making coordinated and methodical pushes, making our victories virtually guaranteed.
Importance of Mobility
A single break in the enemy's lines can easily be exploited with a flood of motorised divisions, and the subsequent chaos can further by exploited by our core line. While we currently lack the capacity to produce high numbers of vehicles on our own to carry out these attacks, with both allied support and native investment we can easily outfit our divisions with enough trucks to outmanoeuvre and envelope our enemies.
A Machine of Many Parts
The army is not simply just the men on the frontlines, it is everyone from those storming the trenches to those back at base repairing damaged equipment from the last push. By treating every aspect of our army with equal reverence, and ensuring fully utilisation of the support companies aiding our line battalions, we will be able to easily defeat anyone who dares to oppose us.
The New Nridurga
For centuries Indian warfare was defined by the proper usage of forts, and those who controlled those forts controlled the battlefield. In the modern day we have a new form of fortress, this time mobile on the treads that carry it along, and through them our soldiers shall continue to dominate the battlefields, sat safely inside their walls.
Rapid Rathas
In India's terrain, and against our most likely enemies, large powerful tanks will simply be cumbersome and unneeded. We should instead prioritise producing smaller faster tanks, as they will most likely be enough to suit our needs, and the cheaper costs will allow us to easily field more of them even with our rather limited industrial capacity compared to the stronger powers of the world.
Unbreakable Behemoths
If we wish to defeat our enemies through technological advantage, why settle for anything but the best. Our tanks shall carve devastation in their wake, be able to survive even the most damaging blows, and crush any and all opposition beneath their mighty weight.
Restructured Engineering Corps
Despite the great importance of engineers and sappers for an army, our engineer corp has seen little advancement since the days many of them still took orders from the crown. With a little help from our French friends we should begin to update them with modern tactics and equipment, so that they can more effectively fill their vital role.
Military Railways
Logistics has always won wars, and ever since the advent of the train warfare has often found itself inseparably tied to the rail lines that ensure the troops are fed and armed. Through the continued development and expansion of railways to service our militaries we will be able to ensure that when our men need ammunition, they will never be waiting for its arrival.
Develop the Bengali Automotive Industry
Calcutta could easily one day rival Detroit or Munich in terms of automotive production, despite the naysaying of many doubters who consider this a ludicrous goal. With enough government support to create new factories and production lines, we will quickly put the sceptical in their place, and outproduce all of our enemies with ease.
Relaying Through Radios
Reconnaissance is vital for securing the breakthrough needed for major offences, but also to guarantee that our enemies do not surprise us when we are forced into a defensive position. With the utilisation of radios by all of our scouts and lookouts, we can ensure that every single enemy movement has been reported back to our bases before it has even reached their own commanders, giving us the edge we need on both offence and defence.
Indian Lightning
The ability to quickly react and capitalise on any advantage is what sets the victors apart from the vanquished, and we cannot afford to find ourselves as the latter. Our army's priority must always be speed, allowing us to respond to any threat the second it emerges, and also letting us capitalise on any opening that we manage to create in the enemy's lines.
European Instructors
For years now we have received aid from our allies in Europe in the form of military instructors, who have done well to train up our officers into proper leaders, rather than simply militia men with a booming voice. With war on the horizon we must intensify this training, honing their skills even further, so that when the time comes for battle it will already be a second nature to them.
A Traditional Army
The tactics of the Internationale may be advanced and impressive on paper, but it is foolish to think we can simply translate ideas meant for industrialised European nations to our shattered country. We must instead continue to hone the tactics that wars in India have always been fought with, updated however to take advantage of the latest technological advancements.
Replacing the Enfields
Even with the British driven from Ishapore, the factory has spent the past decade producing little but Enfields, with the only real difference now being the lack of their King's stamp. It is important that we begin to move on and develop our own rifle design better suited for our purposes, rather than continuing to produce the guns of yesteryear.
Formulating Doctrinal Foundations
The heart of any good army is the doctrine that guides it, yet the messy nature from which our army first formed has left the doctrines we follow often muddled, confusing, and contradictory. We must properly ensure their proper reevaluation, and firmly establish the foundations from which every aspect of the army should operate from.
Sailing the Seven Rivers
The lands of India are filled with rivers, most notably the seven sacred ones that carve their mighty way through the landscape. In the event of any conflict on the subcontinent it is inevitable that we will have to sail across these rivers to strike out at our enemies, and we must be ready for this eventuality, with our troops trained in proper and effective usage of river boats to quickly cross while staying ready for combat at a moment's notice.
Supplying the Frontlines
While India is filled with a large network of railways, we have seen how quickly these railways and the trains that operate from them can be destroyed in the midst of war. We must ensure that we have a major stockpile of locomotives, and other ways to supply our troops, so that a few bombers cannot simply destroy our entire logistics network at a moment's notice.
Prioritising the Infantrymen
At the end of the day warfare will always be decided by one man killing the other man, no matter what fancy tactics or strategies one may choose to employ. Our infantrymen must therefore be armed with the best equipment we can provide, and be supported by additional battalions, so that when the time comes they are not the other man left dead.
Coordinating the Militias
Despite the militias that make up large chunks of our armed forces being in theory autonomous, at the end of the day they will always carry out the orders given to them by our top brass. With proper communication channels set up between their leaders and our commanders, they can easily be made as effective as any other division under our command.
Courage of the Lion
A lion does not simply sulk around his range, too scared to attack his prey, he takes the initiative and successfully strikes against them. Like the lion, our men shall too be trained to always strike no matter the odds, for through their bravery any odds will be overcome with ease.
Jungle Fighting
The eastern parts of India, and many of the wider parts of Asia as a whole, are completely blanketed by mighty jungles, an impenetrable barricade to those unfamiliar with the terrain. It is here however we have a great advantage, with many of our soldiers familiar with such land, able to train their fellow soldiers to live and fight in these jungles like it is their second home.
Spirit of Bajirao
It was with cavalry that the great Bajirao fought back against the colonisers, and humiliated the Nizam's pathetic armies with their great mobility. Perhaps his ideas are what we need to do the same ourselves, striking quickly and rapidly at our enemies, and luring them into favourable terrain where they can be easily destroyed.
Terrain Adaptability
Almost every biome and geographic feature you can think of is present on the Indian subcontinent and the regions that neighbour it, and it is across every one of these that our soldiers will have to fight. They must be ready for every situation, able to fight one day in the great Deccan mountains, and the next in the Thar desert, and it is with this adaptability that our troops shall rise above their adversaries.
Utilising Knowledge of the Land
It is through familiarity with the land around us that we are able to know where after a battle is the safest place to retreat, and where the most advantageous place to strike from next shall be. With this knowledge we will ensure that any outsiders who wish to subject our people to renewed subjugation will quickly realise their folly in their last moments.
Sponsor Artillery Developments
Ever since its liberation from the British, the Gun Carriage Factory in [1057.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has served us well, being able to grow significantly with no more restrictions placed upon it. With further government sponsorship, it should easily be able to meet our constant demand for production of the latest models of artillery, ready to blow apart our foes.
The Gunpowder Legacy
For centuries and centuries gunpowder has dominated the Indian subcontinent, facilitating both the rise and fall of the many mighty empires that have asserted their control over its territories. We are not ones to baulk at tradition, and when our banners fly high above the entire subcontinent and beyond, they will be saluted with the roars of our mighty and countless artillery.
Developing the Indian Air Force
India has never really had its own airforce, with the few British planes captured during the revolution being completely unsuitable for combat purposes. In modern warfare however, a side without aircraft is commonly referred to as \
Expansion of Airfields
The few airfields present in the country are little more than amateur airstrips commandeered for military purpose, but everything must start somewhere. We should dedicate resources to expand these airstrips into proper airbases, capable of supporting the large airforce we aim to establish.
Guarding the Skies
We cannot always guarantee that we will have the advantage in the air, even over our heartlands, and so we must take steps to prepare for bombers striking at our cities. Great anti-air installations must be installed near the most important urban centres, ready to shoot down any enemy attempts to attack them.
Indigenous Innovation
Relying on designs purchased from our allies will always leave us at a disadvantage compared to the cutting edge airforces of the world, even if it is quicker and cheaper than developing new technology on our own. We must focus on the creation of native Indian plane designs, regardless of the cost, if we wish to stay on top.
Rely on Foreign Designs
We hardly have an air industry to begin with, let alone the facilities to begin to develop designs of our own. We should instead turn to our allies, who have already spent decades honing their crafts, and negotiate deals to license them for our own usage.
Basic Module Advancements
The most basic of modern plane modules should not be a hard thing for us to understand how to produce, especially with a bit of help from our allies overseas. With enough effort put towards it, we should be entirely able to produce them on our own in no time.
Dominating the Dogfight
In the realm of air warfare, the most important thing at the end of the day is surviving to live another, even if you do not take your enemy down in the process, as longevity will guarantee our dominance in the skies. We should ensure that our planes are properly constructed with the best defences we can manage, so that we do not burn through pilots faster than we can train them to keep flying.
Battlefield Rain
Even with a limited number of aircraft, a few well placed bombs dropped from above can completely shatter an enemy's lines or break through their fortifications, giving our men on the ground the advantage against their foes. We should therefore prioritise training our pilots in bombing abilities, so we can begin to swing things in our favour when it matters.
Bomber Development
Once we begin to set our sights beyond our homelands, bombers will begin to become more and more of a necessity, as we will likely run into countless situations where our controlled airfields are too far from the frontline for other aircraft to provide any benefit. Ensuring swift development in this field is therefore a rather important goal for us to achieve.
Touch the Sky with Glory
The skies will soon be our domain, a realm where none shall enter without us allowing them to do so. Our aircraft will dot the sky like the clouds above, ready to strike at our foes whenever the time calls.
Foundations of Greatness
India has never truly been known for its navy, owing in large part to the taboo around sea travel, yet regardless there are many in the nation, especially the non-Hindus, who are perfectly willing to serve in our vessels. We should take advantage of this to finally found a great navy for [HND.GetNameDef], and spread our influence across the waves.
The Dual Theatre
Like combat on land, battles upon the waves have become more and more about aerial dominance. Cheap aircraft, launched either by carriers or from nearby outposts, can easily strike down even the largest of ships, turning the tides of battle in an instance. If we wish to win engagements, even with a smaller navy, we must prioritise the development of bombers to assist our ships along these lines.
Fortify the Coastline
Our nation's coastline is vast, scattered with dozens of ports all along it that could easily be captured and abused by a crafty enemy. By further fortifying our bases, we should be able to defend them with a much smaller garrison, freeing up our men to be sent elsewhere, especially our main frontlines.
Domestic Dockyards
While we have some facilities in Bengal capable of producing ships for us, many of the convoys and other small ships we currently have in our possession have been acquired through trade with our allies in the Internationale. We can't guarantee their help in this regard forever though, and we must begin further construction of dockyards in our own country to fill our needs in the long term.
The Merchant Marine
Trading overland is fraught with many difficulties, with there being no real way to import and export from our biggest allies without going over the ocean. Improving our transport capabilities is therefore a vital step in ensuring we cannot be completely cut off and isolated from the outside world if the situation around us deteriorates.
India's Ocean
There is no room to compromise or scale down our ambitions, the Bharatiya navy must be the strongest force on the Indian Ocean, and we will settle for no less. Our production lines should be geared towards making large ships, able to properly assert our power and influence as far as we need, and even further than that if we desire.
Fighters of the Sea
While islands like Diego Garcia can serve as useful airbases in the Indian Ocean, there are large stretches of open ocean without a single landing space in sight. To that end we will need carriers if we wish for our ambitious plans to succeed, and we will need aircraft capable of operating from these carriers to go alongside them.
The Moving Islands
With work now having begun on carrier capable aircraft, it is time for us to begin production of proper aircraft carriers of our own, optimised to operate at the long distances required in our southern ocean. Within time we'll have a strong enough fleet to secure air control no matter where our enemies flee.
Balanced Bulwarks
Sitting in a healthy middle ground between the largest battleships and the smallest vessels, cruisers are a cost efficient way to boost our naval strength, and they can be produced in a reasonable time as well. Developing them should be a priority for our navy, no matter how we wish to focus it.
Coastal Defence
There is little need to fantasise about conquering distant islands and crushing our foes on the high seas if we can't even keep the enemy from harassing our coasts. Developing destroyer models to hunt any submarines that strike once our ships leave port will do well to support this effort.
Disrupting Trade
Staying on the defensive will never work in the long term, we need to strike back at our foes with their own tactics, so that they must split their attention between defending their own coasts and attacking ours. This should ultimately work in our favour, especially against enemies who are overly reliant on winning the sea battle against us.
Expanding Shipping Routes
We should not live our rest of eternity in fear of enemy submarines, especially with our attempts to build a fleet to protect our convoys. Instead, it is time to further our naval trade, sending trade ships to far flung places we may have once feared to tread.
A Mercantile Direction
It is pointless to spend so much of our limited resources on building a grand navy, one that could be sunk in an instant if it is caught at the wrong time. Instead our navy's focus should be to support our merchant fleet, protecting them from enemies who are dastardly enough to attack innocent traders. In the long term, not only will this be much cheaper, but it should even begin to pay for itself as our fortunes improve.
Varuna's Grace
The sea shall become our second home, where even the freshest of sailors is comfortable on the waves, come storm or snow. When our brave men depart from the port, we do not sit by fearing news of their deaths, for we know they will return home victorious and triumphant.
The Congress of the Third Internationale
The Ninth Congress of the Third Internationale has ended, and now we may ask for aid from our comrades in the west.
The Anglo-Indian Trade Agreement
A proposal has been presented aimed at systematising and streamlining the socialist Anglo-Indian cooperation - granting the Indian government vital assistance in industrial and martial matters whilst securing the people and government of Britain a steady flow of exotic goods such as bananas, rubber and - most importantly - unrestricted access to the tea plantations of Assam.
Seek Aid From Britain
The Internationale promised us further military aid at the Ninth Congress, and we shall take full advantage of such a promise. The British have large stockpiles of fighters, alongside shovels, binoculars, and other such equipment we are in desperate need of. We should send our request for aid to them directly, as having our own airforce at last will be a major advantage against our enemies.
Seek Aid From France
The Internationale promised us further military aid at the Ninth Congress, and we shall take full advantage of such a promise. The French still have significant stockpiles of guns and artillery laying around from the Weltkrieg, and although they have phased this equipment out in favour of more modern designs we would still greatly benefit from it. Our request therefore shall be presented to Paris, and hopefully they'll give all they can spare.
Launch Operation Thunder
After so long biding our time, the day of reckoning is finally upon us. It is time to strike at the necrotic heart of British rule that still festers in Lahore, and likewise drive the tyrant of Hyderabad out of his gaudy palace, so that all of India may at last be freed!
India United
The Indian revolution has at last concluded, and the mongrel dogs of the empire have been driven from India! Such a victory is however bittersweet, as much of the nation lies in ruins, and those who wish to see its reconstruction take place in their image have their knives out once more. Still, it is a day to celebrate, no matter what the future may hold.
Rebuilding Our Future
Now that we do not have to worry about any immediate threats, we have a large number of able bodied men ready to be put to use at a moment's notice. They must be directed towards reconstruction efforts, so that we can one day restore at least some semblance of normalcy in India.
Integrating the Reclaimed Lands
The lands reclaimed from the false Dominion have long been fed propaganda by their masters as to the supposed evils of our rule, and its people have been forced to live in fear as to what may now happen with our rule asserted over them. We must show them that they have little to fear, as we are one united people, no matter how hard the British tried to divide us.
Fate of the Princes
The princes of the south are little more than collaborators who leaped at the opportunity to hold the whip for once, no matter what they may claim about their motives. While they have already been deposed and their power stripped from them, they still own large swathes of land directly, and we must decide what we should do with both them and their holdings.
Amnesty for Native Soldiers
We cannot hold any grudges against the many native soldiers who fought for our enemies, for they likely had little choice in the matter, or were simply mislead by the lies of our enemies. We should grant amnesty for the common man who served under their command, although such a blanket amnesty must not apply to their commanders, who we must address separately.
Union Reconstruction Crews
The nation will need countless workers to begin repairing the damage that has been inflicted throughout it, and like all of the nation's workers they too should be members of relevant unions to ensure that conditions for them are fair, and that they are properly represented on a national level.
Reconnecting the Nation
Many cities and towns across India have found themselves functionally isolated from the outside world, with their primary arteries severed by mortar blasts, barricades, and other remnants of the war. Even those who escaped this destruction still find themselves cut off from the borders established by the original ceasefire, and all of these must once again be connected together so the nation can be whole.
Prioritising the Urban Worker
A socialist society can't simply continue to exist just off the back of peasants, it needs a strong proletariat class to act as its driving force, and their needs must be the primary consideration of the government. We must ensure that the great cities of the nation are first to be restored, so that then our workers can begin to help aid others in their own recovery.
All-India Labour Federation
While the AITUC was founded to be a federation of all labour unions across India, the civil war that splintered the nation soon after has led to its influence being felt in few places outside Calcutta and Delhi. We must ensure that it once again serves the entire nation, with even new unions being established in the reclaimed territories being included under its umbrella.
Union Work Projects
Attempting to organise Indian workers entirely top down from government orders is hardly an optimal way to carry out national reconstruction, especially when we have so many unions on whom we can rely to handle these tasks for us. We should draft up a list of great projects for them to carry out, and allow the unions themselves to manage the day to day activities of getting them done.
Rebuilding the Western Cities
The so-called Dominion may have been a failed rump state, but it still contained many of the nations great cities, from the growing port of Karachi to their former provisional capital of Lahore. With enough effort we can help restore these cities to their former glory, repairing much of the wartime damage, and properly integrate them into our growing plans for an urbanised society.
Indian Industrial Ownership
With the revolution now having restored order in the reclaimed lands, we have come into the possession of many factories, mines, and other such operations, with their former bourgeois owners now dead, imprisoned, or exiled. It has been proposed that these properties should be granted to those who once worked in them, with ownership being shared amongst everyone who directly contributes to their success.
Mass Nationalisation of Private Holdings
It is the state's duty to own the private industry left behind by the millionaires who once occupied them, as only the state can truly ensure that they are operated at peak efficiency, without petty interpersonal disputes or personal profit motives getting in the way. The holdings captured in the Dominion and Federation's lands must therefore be nationalised, benefitting all of those in the Republic.
Putting the Farmer First
If we do not focus on aiding the nation's farmers, we are simply inviting famine and starvation to come and destroy us. These people, many too poor to help themselves, must be the focus of the recovery efforts, as no worker no matter how hard they work can continue to do so without food to keep him going.
The Ashram Approach
The many ashrams that have long been maintained in India can be regarded as rather similar to ideas of communal farming which western socialism have become so enamoured with. The communal practices within these ashrams can therefore easily be combined with western ideas of agricultural cooperatives, providing a uniquely Indian approach to the future of farming.
Southern Shram Bhakti
While the idea of Shram Bhakti has long found a place in Hindu spiritualism, it has recently been adapted to serve as a method by which communal farming can take place to the benefit of all our people. There are many in south India who also maintain such practices, and so it would make sense to begin to disseminate these ideas down to them, further integrating them into our new systems.
Bringing Swadeshi to [GetVictoryPointName_1349]
Many businesses in Bombay under their previous occupiers did not serve the Indian people, they served the British, the French, the Germans, and anyone who wished to exploit our people for cheap labour. It is vital that the great city's peoples be liberated from this oppression, by ensuring that their work goes towards benefitting their fellow countrymen, not rich aristocrats overseas.
Redistribution of Occupied Land
Many lands that belong to the common man have historically been seized from them for the benefit of the rich, whether they be princes, zamindars, or foreign tycoons; all of them share the mutual goals of oppression and exploitation. These lands must be returned to their original owners, so that they can directly reap their benefits, rather than having the fruits of their labour stolen away by their so-called masters.
The First United Congress
At last, the entire Indian nation has been liberated under the grand flag of independence. For the first time a session can be held with representatives from all corners of India, and to that end Huq has now called such a session, with grand plans ready to be set out.
The Gentle Way to Shake the World
Sarojini Nadu, and with her the embodiment of Gandhian thought, has emerged victorious in the special session, with her now leading the nation. It is time for us to turn inwards, and focus on healing the scars that have been left, rather than attempting to simply lash outwards in our pain.
Vision of the Mahatma
It is through the great Mahatma that India was finally liberated, and it is through his vision that the national liberation shall continue even further. His words and ideals shall weave through all aspects of our governance, and we will ensure that all of the nation's people are at last uplifted from any lowly status they may hold.
Daridra Narayana Seva
The great ideals of Swami Vivekananda are ones that Bapu has always held very dear, and one to which all Hindus, and even many Muslims, should be able to relate. The feeding and serving of the poor is a holy act, for it is equivalent to doing the same for Vishnu, and we must encourage its practice at a national level to aid the poor and needy of our land.
Unity and Brotherhood
A man born and raised anywhere in the nation, from Bengal to Punjab, is at his heart an Indian, no matter his faith or views. We must however respect that there are still differences between us, as there are differences between brothers, and celebrate these differences. For at the end of the day, no matter how different we may be, we are still united through our shared blood and brotherhood, and we shall stand shoulder to shoulder together when the time calls.
Sarva Dharma Sama Bhava
No matter one's faith, all paths that one may choose towards enlightenment shall lead one to that goal if one truly upholds their own truths. It is to that end that we should not value one faith above another, for we are a land of Hindus, Sikhs, Muslims, Buddhists, Christians, and so much more; yet we have all strived for freedom together, and even now we stand firm in the pursuit of a better future together.
Outlawing Untouchability
It is vital that the Harijan that make up the Indian nation are uplifted from their oppression, and the barbaric practices of untouchability are fully abolished. These practices have done little but sever a group of Hindus from the main fold, for reasons that none today truly know the origin of. This must be corrected, and the Hindu nation shall once again be made whole.
Revolutionised Education
The education system left behind by the British is a disgrace, designed to attempt to \
National Swadeshi
Swadeshi is not simply about a single individual being self sufficient, or even about protecting our property from our oppressors, it is about the entire nation being able to live with what has been provided to them, using what is needed rather than attempting to be swept away into capitalist vice. Our national policy should reflect this, with a stronger focus on internal autarky over failed attempts to uplift the nation through outside trade.
Integration of Satyagraha Ideals
It is through our practices as satyagrahi that we have managed to not only liberate the Indian nation, but so too have we begun to liberate its people from the inherent oppression that many of them suffer. We must continue to further integrate these principles into all aspects of national law, as through them we shall grow united as a nation.
Realising Sarvodaya
The core beliefs of sarvodaya as expressed by Bapu are those few in the nation could find reason to disagree with. For when things improve for the whole, they too improve for the individual; and when a barber cuts a man's hair or a builder finishes installing a door, they have both equally worked towards the greater good. We will ensure that those who serve the nation in all ways are equally rewarded, and together we will all strive towards a universal uplift of our people.
Aaram Haram Hai
Succeeding Huq, Nehru has secured election as the nation's Chairman, and has set out to not only continue Huq's legacy, but carve out a legacy of his own. The nation shall continue down a path of western inspired socialism, tackling the key issues that still plague the nation, even in spite of its recent unification.
Bapu's Guidance
The great Gandhi's words and ideals shall always have a place in both our hearts and our minds, but we must not expect him to simply dictate all national policy. The country must keep moving forward with its implementation of socialism, with the gentle guidance of the Mahatma ensuring that we do not stray from our course.
Cities of Steel
Steel is potentially the most vital resource for any growing nation, without it few aspects of industry can even be produced without tying ourselves to the exports of others. To that end it has been proposed that we begin the construction of multiple planned cities, centred primarily around the full processing of steel, from the initial iron and coal extraction all the way to the final assembly lines. Through these we shall begin our path to a swadeshi steel industry.
Grow More Food Campaign
With turbulent times disrupting food imports, and further limiting the number of countries even willing to import food to our republic, we must ensure that India can produce enough food to sustain not only itself but also aid any allies it needs to. A grand campaign shall begin to increase the amount of farmed land in the nation, and improve the output on already established plots, to solve this urgent deficit.
The Five Year Industrialisation Plan
The nation must be industrialised as fast as possible, before those stronger than it once again attempt to subjugate the Indian people under their boot. A grand top down plan must be implemented, focusing primarily on electrifying the nation, improving our national infrastructure, and greatly developing our current industrial base as much as we possibly can.
Codify the Separation of Powers
While the Chairman of course has the nation's best intentions in mind, we cannot guarantee that this will always be the case. There must be a clear separation of powers, with the legislature and the courts maintaining a strong level of authority to protect the nation from any would-be dictators who may one day emerge to threaten it.
The French Blueprint
France, the home of the revolution, has inspired socialists all across the world, even convincing many apolitical people or moderates to wave the red banner in union with their fellow man. Their nation quickly escaped the ruins of the Great War and their own civil war, emerging as the forefront power of global socialism. We can both learn and emulate their actions, applying them where needed to India, to hopefully too succeed where they did.
Tryst with Destiny
The nation has been liberated, and through this liberation we have strove to bring freedom and opportunity to the common man, to the peasants and workers of India; to fight and end poverty and ignorance and disease; to build up a prosperous, democratic and progressive nation, and to create social, economic and political institutions which will ensure justice and fullness of life to every man and woman. Our children will thank us for what we have achieved today.
Forward, Upon the Middle Road
It was mother Bengal who delivered Subhas Chandra Bose onto us, and it is Subhas Chandra Bose who has repaid this act by bringing the entire country to freedom. He shall now guide [HND.GetNameDef] forwards onto a new path, one that harmonises the nationalist ideals that unite us with the socialist ideals that uplift us.
Unify the Executive
It is a failure of bourgeois democracy that simply awards the loudest demagogue control over the nation for convincing the lowest peasant he is on their side. Our enlightened systems do not suffer from such a fault, and so they do not need to be held back by the same safeguards capitalistic nations have to abide. With these restraints lifted, the Chairman can properly carry out his vision for the nation, without watering any aspect of it down.
The Father's Retirement
While the great Mahatma's role in our final liberation cannot be denied, his significant opposition to the policies needed to advance the nation forward will no doubt soon become a thorn in the government's side. It seems it is time to encourage the retirement of our great \
National Education
The attempts to force Western systems of education upon the nation have led to unmitigated disaster. A system of education which ignores Indian conditions, Indian requirements, and Indian history and sociology is too unscientific to commend itself to any rational support. For India to march forward, an education system must be built that is above all designed to meet the needs of the Indian people.
Reconstructing Society
The poorest of the nation cannot be allowed to suffer in the way they have, while their rich neighbours lavish in luxury. We must properly redistribute land and property to the people most in need of it, and rebuild society along much fairer lines.
The Nation of the Netaji
It is through Netaji that the nation has been liberated, and it is through Netaji that the nation shall continue to be liberated. Ever since he was simply a protégé of the late Das, he has fought for the nation's freedom, being one of the first to take up arms when the call of the revolution rung out to all patriots, and likewise against the rump Raj and their princely allies. His leadership must always be recognised for the undisputed role it played in our independence.
Ittefaq, Itmad, Qurbani
Unity, Faith, Sacrifice. The three words that have always guided our men to victory, regardless of any alternatives promoted by pacifist naysayers. It is through these three words that they know what they are fighting for, and it is under them that they shall continue to fight, no matter how hard the challenge they face may be.
Jai Hind!
No phrase has rallied our people together like the simple two words of \
Equality Through Liberation
When Netaji called for patriots to come to his aid in liberating the nation, he was not simply just joined by many men willing to take up arms against the oppressors, but countless women alongside them. These women have been some of our fiercest fighters, and we must recognise that there is little reason not to treat them as equals to the men who they fought side by side with, as this is an equality they have truly earned with their actions.
Give Me Blood, I Will Give You Freedom!
While India was liberated through the actions of countless brave men and women, many who bled and died for the cause, any disorderly mob can be made to bleed, but only those with proper leadership can gain anything from their sacrifice. It is under Netaji's guidance that the once disorderly mob that once failed to liberate India was able to finally dispel the occupiers, and it is under Netaji that they shall do so for as long as he still lives!
Future of the Hermit Kingdom
With our control over the India Subcontinent secure, it is time to look to our northern border. New great powers are rising in China, and we must secure our control over the Bhutanese kingdom as a buffer state in the Himalayas. We will transform this reactionary backwater into a new socialist state, by force if necessary.
Resolving the Nepal Conflict
Nepal expanded into the Indian lowlands in the chaos following the Weltkrieg. It is time to reassert our domain over those territories.
Claim Goa
The enclave of Goa is nothing more than a burr on the side of our proud nation. It is rightfully our territory, and must be returned.
Claim Pondicherry
The enclave of Pondicherry is nothing more than a burr on the side of our proud nation. It is rightfully our territory, and must be returned.
Dealing with the Sister Republic
Burma, like us, was once under the rule of vile imperialists who took its wealth and independence like a mosquito taking blood. We fought together side by side, liberating their entire nation while ours languished. In the intervening years our friendship quickly turned to animosity, with both sides chalking this up to the other's actions, but now that our own revolution has finally concluded it is time to finally resolve our disputes, one way or the other.
Avenging the 36th War
The Siamese Kingdom was one of the more opportunistic of the 'Vulture States' that exploited the disorder of the Raj's demise. With the young Burmese nation hard-pressed by birthing pains, and our nation spread too thin to help, the government of Siam brutually conquered large swathes in the east in what is commonly known as the \
Liberating the Frontier Tracts
When the Indian nation collapsed into chaos as its people attempted to shake off the shackles of British domination, the Tibetans seized the opportunity to occupy the border region of [858.GetName] and have forced the people living there to be subject to their unjust rule. Such injustice cannot be allowed to stand, and must be corrected at once.
Restoring the Unity of Kashmir
With the country finally united we have the ability to see more distant threats, securing the revolution against even the most unlikely threats from beyond our borders. At present the northernmost part of Kashmir still languishes in the hands of local warlords who plague its population with their misrule. We must strike while the opportunity remains open and restore the whole of Kashmir as part of the nation.
Claim Ceylon
By rights, Ceylon, the Maldives, and the other Indian Ocean islands are part of our nation's rightful territory. Their colonialism must come to an end.
The Place of the Red Raj
With India united behind the Calcutta government and the provinces of the pretender governments brought under Socialist administration, the cabinet has begun to debate what course we should take internationally.
A New India Arises
Jai Bhim!
Fight Dalit Discrimination
Establishing Fundamental Rights
Forming a Universal Education System
Employment State Insurance
Reshaping the Old System
Defending the Rights of Women
Ensuring Free Elections
Return to Our Roots
Liberalisation of the Economy
Towards a Brighter Future
Abolishing Reserve Seating
Protecting Hindu Primacy
An End to Socialist Dominance
Uplifting Through industrialisation
Furthering Self Sufficiency
The Nationalist Model
Enforcement of Hindi
Holistic Education
Defenders of the Hindu Nation
Suppression of Foreign Faiths
Rashtra, Jati, Sanskriti
Stamp Out the Socialist Legacy
Hinduisation of Education
Ending the Failure of Democracy
Autonomy for Hindu Sects
Shatter the Seven Shackles
Uphold the Caste System
Influence of the Mahatma
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi, commonly simply known as his honorific of \
Rise Above the Scars
The devastation India has suffered ever since the first days of the Revolution may take centuries to potentially truly recover from, but the Republic's government has firmly set India on the path to not only just recover, but to truly thrive.
[HND_GetArmsOfTheRevolutionIdeaName]
[HND_GetArmsOfTheRevolutionIdeaDesc]
Arms of the Revolution
While India may have earned its freedom, it has become obvious that it will need to continue to fight to ensure it maintains that freedom. To that end, [HND.GetNameDef] has significantly funded the construction of armament facilities and the production of firearms to ensure that everyone willing to defend their nation's freedom is properly outfitted to do so.
Arms of the Nation
$HND_arms_of_the_revolution_idea_default_desc$
Unprepared Army
Following years of the Indian conflict being frozen in an unsteady peace, the Bharatiya army has slowly decayed into a state of unpreparedness for if the war were to actually restart, leaving many in the high command pushing for its immediate reform.
The French Example
Taking both great inspiration and significant aid from the birthplace of the revolution, [FRA.GetNameDef] itself, the Indian army is slowly attempting to modernise itself along the lines of its European counterparts. While India may not have a military industry strong enough to put itself on par with modern European armies, it is hoped that these reforms will give them a major edge over their regional enemies.
Military Railways
Logistics has always won wars, and ever since the advent of the train warfare has often found itself inseparably tied to the rail lines that ensure the troops are fed and armed. Through the continued development and expansion of railways, [HND.GetNameDef] hopes to ensure that when their men need ammunition, they will never be waiting for its arrival.
An Army of Tradition
Shunning the tactics and technology of their allies in the west, [HND.GetNameDef] has instead chosen to look back to traditional practices in Indian warfare, and refine them for a modern age. It is hoped that in time their army will outperform their rivals, and perhaps even the westerners who they have disregarded.
Gunpowder Legacy
For centuries and centuries gunpowder has dominated the Indian subcontinent, facilitating both the rise and fall of the many mighty empires that have asserted their control over its territories. The Indian army is not one to baulk at tradition, and they have made sure that artillery has found a permanent cemented place in its forces.
Indigenous Innovation
Rather than simply acquiring access to aircraft blueprints from their allies, and nations friendly towards them, [HND.GetNameDef] has instead chosen to significantly fund the creation of homegrown aircraft designs, with major funding going towards scientists experimenting in how to grant their airforce the edge it needs.
Foreign Design Negotations
With its own airforce rather limited, [HND.GetNameDef] has opted to lean on their international connections, and license the blueprints to aircraft designs from whoever they can negotiate a good deal with.
Dominating the Dogfight
For the Indian airforce, winning the battle of fighters is their highest priority, and so they have ensured that their planes are outfitted with the highest quality armour they can provide, ensuring their longevity in the fight.
Raining Death Upon the Battlefield
Aiming to assist their infantrymen, the Indian airforce has made significant developments into close support aircraft capable of battlefield bombing, something they believe will give them the edge they need to win against any rival.
The Dual Theatre
Recognising how cheap aircraft can easily give them the edge in naval warfare, [HND.GetNameDef] has chosen to fund the development of effective and affordable naval bombers. It is hoped that these bombers will help level the playing field when outnumbered by the great navies of the world.
Combined Air Development
Despite starting from virtually nothing, in a few short years the Indian airforce has grown to be a formidable force. Those who underestimate it are quickly humbled, finally realising their hubris only as they see a bomb hurling down towards them.
Touch the Sky with Glory
$HND_combined_air_desc$
Lords of India's Ocean
The Indian Ocean is vast, and its vastness is something that [HND.GetNameDef] has made no secret about wishing to tame. They have laid forth their grand ambitions to build a navy capable of projecting superiority throughout the entire ocean, and they will not take any setbacks against this goal laying down.
The Maritimist Legacy
Even as far back as the first century, Indian traders reached almost all corners of the old world, with goods from them being found from Rome to Luoyang. It is with this legacy that the Indian navy still operates in the modern day, protecting its trade ships from hostiles, no matter whether they be more akin to the pirates of old or are the submarine groups of their enemies.
Varuna's Grace
From its humble beginnings in the few ships seized in the wake of the revolution, the Indian navy has grown into a respectable navy, able to challenge its foes and defend India from foreign invasion over any waters.
Operation Thunder
Operation Thunder, the codename for [HND.GetNameDef]'s invasion of the subcontinent's rival governments, is now in full swing. Operating under orders of marshal Cariappa, the Indian army hopes to strike quickly at the weakest of their foes, cutting through them like a thunderbolt, before striking after at the other.
Unity and Brotherhood
It is the belief of India's leadership that any man born and raised anywhere in the nation, from Bengal to Punjab, is at his heart an Indian, no matter his faith or views. They however respect that there are still differences between them, as there are differences between brothers, and celebrate these differences. They believe that at the end of the day, no matter how different they may be, they are still united through their shared blood and brotherhood.
National Swadeshi
To Chairwoman Naidu, swadeshi is not simply about a single individual being self sufficient, or even about protecting our property from our oppressors, it is about the entire nation being able to live with what has been provided to them, using what is needed rather than attempting to be swept away into capitalist vice. To that end, [HND.GetNameDef] has placed strong focus on internal autarky over external trade as part of their efforts to uplift the nation.
Integration of Satyagraha Ideals
With the victory of the Agrarians, the INC has stood firm in their belief that it is through their practices as satyagrahi that the nation was liberated. It is their belief also that these practices have begun to also liberate its people from the inherent oppression that many of them suffer, and so their government has made sure to further integrate these ideals into every aspect of national law and life.
Sarvodaya
The concept of sarvodaya, the universal uplift of all of India's peoples, is one that has been expressed by Mahatma Gandhi for decades. It is held under this belief that when things improve for the whole, they too improve for the individual; and when a barber cuts a man's hair or a builder finishes installing a door, they have both equally worked towards the greater good. The Agrarian faction of the INC have long held to this belief, and through their recent governance have syncretised it with socialist thought, producing a uniquely Indian system of socialist theory.
Untouchability Banned
The mass discrimination against dalits has long been a major issue in India, one of the great stains of the caste system for many a reformer. As part of a constitutional amendment, this discrimination has been completely outlawed in [HND.GetNameDef], with great legal protections being put into place against any form of caste based discrimination.
Spiritual Guidance
While Gandhi's influence over the INC may not be as strong as it once was, his role as a figurehead of both the party and the nation still inspires great confidence in the Indian people, and while the Chairman may have his own ideas and beliefs he still pays heed to the Mahatma's advice.
Grow More Food Campaign
India has faced countless famines, despite having the potential to easily feed its entire population. As part of his campaign to address this, Chairman Nehru has directed significant funding towards improving farming equipment, rationalising farmland usage, and production of great irrigation networks to ensure India will produce enough food to sustain itself permanently.
Five Year Industrialisation Plan
In order to truly implement syndicalist ideology in India, it is believed that the nation must advance from a primarily agrarian one to an urbanised state. As part of this effort, a great five year economic plan has been laid out, potentially the first of many, to bring India firmly into the 20th century.
The French Blueprint
As the forefront of syndicalism, and a nation that too suffered and rose above a devastating civil war, [HND.GetNameDef] has a lot to learn from the French, and as part of their influence they have begun modelling many laws and societal aspects upon their French allies.
Strong Legal Protections
Believing that the threat of a malicious executive could easily spell ruin for the Republic, significant protections have been put in place, restricting the previously heavily unchecked powers of the chairman to simply implement their will without oversight.
Socialist Swaraj
While Indian independence may have been won from Britain with the end of the civil war, it is the Chairman's belief that true liberation shall only come with the full destruction of both feudalism and capitalism, with India's full transition towards socialism. Despite this transition being still many years away, it is hoped that India is now fully on the path to such a system.
Empowered Chairman
Rather than attempt to implement a separation of powers, [HND.GetNameDef]'s chairman has opted to further cement the chairman's extreme executive powers, believing that restrictions upon his powers will simply hold the nation back.
The Middle Road
Much akin to the Totalist movements in the west, Chairman Bose has long held that the strong nationalist thought of movements such as the Narodists in Russia can be easily harmonised with socialism to produce a strain of thought more effective and representative than both. It is on this \
Reconstruction Crews
As part of government efforts to both restore the nation and put many of the newly unemployed back to work, state organised reconstruction crews have been established in [ROOT.GetNameDef].
Prioritising the Urban Worker
When reconstructing the nation, the leadership of [HND.GetNameDef] have chosen to prioritise urban restoration efforts, believing that if the nation's cities and workers are able to operate fully once again, restoring the countryside will easily naturally follow.
Putting the Farmer First
When reconstructing the nation, the leadership of [HND.GetNameDef] have chosen to prioritise aiding rural farmers and communities, believing that the nation cannot truly rebuild until its agrarian lifelines are properly restored.
The Ambedkar Constitution
Employment State Insurance
A Move to the Centre
Economic Liberalisation
The Nationalist Model
Conservative Swadeshi
Embracement of Hindutva
Shattering the Seven Shackles
Upholding Caste
