White Ruthenia Focus Tree
BRA
Bielaruskaja Revaliucyjnaja Arhanizacyja (Belarusian Revolutionary Organisation)
BPS-R
Bielaruskaja Partyja Sacyjalistaŭ-Revaliucyjanieraŭ (Belarusian Party of Socialist-Revolutionaries)
BSDP-L
Bielaruskaja Sacyjal-Demakratyčnaja Partyja (Belarusian Social-Democratic Party - Left)
BSDP-R
Bielaruskaja Sacyjal-Demakratyčnaja Partyja (Belarusian Social-Democratic Party - Right)
BPS-F
Bielaruskaja Partyja Sacyjalistaŭ-Fiederalistaŭ (Belarusian Party of Socialist-Federalists)
BNP
Bielaruskaja Narodnaja Partyja (Belarusian People's Party)
BKhD
Bielaruskaja Khryscijanskaja Demakratyja (Belarusian Christian Democracy)
BVK
Bielaruskaja Vajskovaja Kamisija (Belarusian Military Commission)
BCR
Bielaruskaja Centraĺnaja Rada (Belarusian Central Council)
BVK
Bielaruskaja Vajskovaja Kamisija (Belarusian Military Commission)
Generalgouvernement Minsk
Generalgouvernement Minsk (General-Government Minsk)
BSP-ZD
Bielaruskaja Sialianskaja Partyja - Zialionaha Duba (Belarusian Peasant Party - Green Oak)
Sierada's Report
Jan Sierada, People's Minister for Agriculture, is to submit his report on the land reform project he leads to the Sojm. It is well-known that the programme has stalled in recent months, and it is hoped that the report will clear up any confusion and offer a way for the government to tackle the issue again.
Continue Bund Cooperation
The Jewish Labour Bund is a core ally of the BSDP and has cooperated with us on many things, time to continue this cooperation.
Opening of the Mahilioŭ Automobile Plant
Built with German help initially as an auto repair workshop, the Mahilioŭ (Mogilev) Automobile Plant is to open to great acclaim. Along with repair facilities for the army, especially for German forces in the region, the expanded Plant includes the tools and machinery to begin production of agricultural tractors, making it the cornerstone of the BSDP's industrialisation programme and a symbol of German-Belarusian cooperation.
Congress of the Hramada
Belarus' ruling coalition, the Belarusian Peasants' and Workers' Union, or Hramada, is led by the BSDP. However, the stalling of Plan Sierada and the collapse of the German economy has shaken its unity. An emergency congress of the Hramada has been called to tackle these issues and either reel the other parties back in, or propose a new plan to the Sojm.
Resume Plan Sierada
With the Hramada rallied back behind the moderates of the BSDP, Plan Sierada can continue with the support of the entire coalition. This will also then allow us to proceed with our other ambitious projects, from industrial expansion to education reform.
Protecting the Sojm's Authority
The Sojm is the true representative of the people. This very fact is enshrined in the BNR's constitution as the legislature represents the people's sovereignty. The threats to our parliamentary republic have eased, further cementing our young democracy against reactionaries and autocrats.
Solidifying our Identity
Lack of a common national identity is one of the worst characteristics a nation may have. We've been doing many things to correct this injustice in the past 20 years. Yet there's still much work to be done. We must continue on.
Leash the Bund
The Bund is growing more and more worried with our programmes and may cut ties with us, we must not let that happen, we must contact the moderates most pro-BSDP members of the Bund to ensure the continuation of our alliance with the Bund.
Negotiations with the Bund?
Starting chaos with our allies will achieve nothing productive, we should negotiate with the Bund leadership to hash out a deal to reinvigorate our alliance.
Protect Minorities
Despite our best efforts to bring about an equal society, the reality has been less than ideal, as even with constitutional guarantees, there remains tension between that nation's ethnic groups. We must not only have codified guarantees, but our actions must match the formalities and renew our dedication to the Personal Principle.
Promote Civic Nationalism
The formation of the Belarusian nation was not only an effort of the Belarusian people. Many minorities lent their effort to the nation building we've been so desperately craving for years. Therefore, we should focus on promoting a specific type of Nationalism. One that takes loyalty, freedom and equality from its citizens. Civic Nationalism.
The National Awakening
Our efforts bear fruit! Nowadays more people proudly identify as “Belarusian” than have at any point in history. Soon, the Belarusian nation will be recognised as a true one, equal to the Poles and Russians that once looked down on us as mere peasants and fodder for assimilation.
Guaranteed Liberties
With many threats around the world ramping up their ante, it's quite sad to see our citizens despair about potentially losing their rights. They should fear not however, for the people of Belarus are free and they shall remain so, with all the privileges this freedom entails!
Expand Education to the Countryside
Lack of education for the Peasantry has always been an incredibly potent issue for our fledgling nation. We've been taking steps to rectify this for years now and we shall keep doing so in the future, for education is the backbone of any modern country.
Expand the Welfare State
In the vein of Social Democratic ideals, we should focus on expanding the national welfare programmes for both rural peasants and urban dwellers.
Minsk Pedagogical Institute
Founded as the Minsk Teachers' Training Institute in 1914, the Pedagogical Institute has proven to be one of the central pillars for Belarusian nation-building, training teachers to educate the people, young and old. In order to keep up with the massive expansion of our national education system, the Institute must be expanded to help fill the ever-increasing number of classrooms and continue the fight against illiteracy.
Belarusian State University
Founded in October of 1921 is the foremost higher education institution in Belarus. As mentioned previously, education is the backbone of any fledgling, so we'll make sure to keep the University well-funded. The next generations are key towards Belarus' success.
Calming the Left
At the start of this crisis, we've rebuked the Left-wing of our party and kept going with our reformist ideals. Regardless however, we should reassure our comrades from the left. We're all fighting for the same thing here: a Socialist Belarus, equal for all.
Belarus Proud and Free
 We did it! In spite of the recent world crisis, we've managed to persevere for we are Belarusian people. We shall keep marching throughout history. Long live Belarus, proud and free!
Dealing with Black Monday
As we are dependent on the German economy, it came to no shock that the aftershocks of Black Monday quickly reached our nation as several German firms had to close shop, leaving many Belarusians unemployed. Now that we have dealt with the land reform issue, which affects a much greater portion of our population, we can tackle this new challenge. For now, public works projects will keep our people busy as we assess the damage.
Prop up the Bund
Many independent and Bundist aligned urban-based Jewish organisations have been hit particularly hard by Black Monday, finding themselves with dry coffers and unable to assist their newly unemployed members. The Sojm should divert some funds to said associations for quicker recovery and preventing pauperisation from taking place in our biggest cities. Our Bundist allies will surely appreciate that and be indebted to us. Two birds.
Nationalise Key Industries
The BSDP has always supported the nationalisation of some key sectors of the economy. With German firms bankrupt or pulling out, we have a good opportunity to pick up after their mess and strengthen our nation's economic position within our own country.
Waiting on the Germans
In spite of us taking the most appropriate measures to combat the economic crisis, we should be honest with ourselves. Belarus' economy is notably weak, especially when compared to our neighbours. Our German overlord has always been paramount in our economic affairs and we can't proceed without him. §RWe cannot recover from Black Monday until Germany does.§!
Aftermath of the Coup
The Army has stepped in just in time to save the country from the crypto-syndicalists of the BSDP. While the dust has barely settled in Minsk, the socialists have taken up arms to continue the fight in the countryside. To secure the nation from them and ensure that we remain free from Syndicalism.
The New Populist Government
Formerly the opposition to the BSDP government, the Christian Democrats and Populists of the National Democratic Association have pledged their support for the military government. Seeing the true threat the socialists pose, a unity government has been formed consisting of National Democratic representatives in the Sojm and the army.
Stop the Land Reform
The socialists' destabilising ideological programme has gone far enough. The worst excesses have long been dealt with and its continuation only serves to hurt the Catholic and Orthodox Churches, and the loyal landowners of the country.
Restructure the Sojm
It is imperative that some form of representation is maintained in our republic, for we cannot ignore the plights of our people. The seats held by the BSDP have been, of course, forfeited, and those held by Łastoŭski's Kryvians are loyal to our anti-syndicalist cause, leaving us with a comfortable majority to legally enact laws and constitutional changes.
Bring the Churches in Education
The BSDP's insistence on purely secular education has proved to be a major roadblock for the struggling situation of our institutions. The Catholic and Orthodox churches are keen to help improve literacy among the poor peasants, the majority of the nation's population, and instil good values in them. We will solve the literacy issue much more easily and quickly by letting them organise schools again.
Promote Civic Nationalism
It is imperative that we do not betray the People's Republic ideals of civic nationalism, for many minorities live in White Ruthenia. While continuing to improve the national awakening of the Belarusians, we cannot abandon our Polish and Russian allies in the face of the existential threat of Syndicalism.
Ban the BSDP
It is not enough to merely oppose the BSDP; we must ensure that they can never threat our nation ever again. As such, their party will be formally banned along with their leftist allies in the Hramada. We cannot allow crypto-syndicalists to enter our government ever again.
The National Revolution
It is clear that to avoid a godless Syndicalist revolution, a National one must take place to lead the nation away from leftist agitation. This is what our government represents, and we will lead the Belarusian nation towards a future free of foreign agitators.
The New Sojm
When the People's Republic was founded, a strictly parliamentary system was put in place. However, with a Syndicalist takeover only barely averted thanks to the swift actions of the military and Sojm opposition, it is clear that such a system has failed our people. A more balanced system is required, one where the legislature does not hold complete control over the executive.
Empower the Rada
As part of our reforms to ensure a Syndicalist takeover can never happen, we must strengthen the Rada and the President. This will formally transform White Ruthenia into a presidential system instead of a parliamentary one.
Military Representatives
The military has proven to be our nation's saviour, so it is only natural that they would be guaranteed representation in our government and the Sojm. This way, there will be a more direct connection between civilian and military and will allow the latter to intervene against any Syndicalist plots in a more timely (and legal) manner in the future.
Deepen Cooperation with the Reichspakt
The Reichspakt is the world's last barrier against the Third Internationale and their plot for global revolution. It is imperative that we deepen our ties with Germany to help them defeat Europe's greatest threat.
Increasing our Role in Mitteleuropa
Germany cannot defend Europe from Syndicalism and Russian imperialism alone, and we have been a minor part of the Reichspakt for far too long. It is time that we increase our contributions to Mitteleuropa's common defence, especially with the rising Russian threat.
Belarus Pure and True
It is not enough that Belarusians have an independent nation. The nation must also protect its values and morals against godlessness and radicalism. White Ruthenia is now back on a path where it will become an example for the rest of Europe despite our size and power.
The Countercoup
While the military has stepped in to save our nation from ruin, the democrats in the Sojm have proven to be indecisive against the Syndicalist threat. Vacłaŭ Łastoŭski, leader of the Kryvian movement, has stepped in to lead the nation in its time of need. Once the crypto-syndicalist and liberal traitors are out of the way, we will begin White Ruthenia's national rejuvenation.
Proclaim the Kryvian State
Terms such as White Ruthenia and Belarus are all foreign terms forced on our people. Only Kryvia truly represents our people in its once-pure form, before it was crushed under foreign occupations. With the proclamation of the Kryvian State, we are formally announcing the rebirth of our nation as a free, independent, and pure one.
Purge the Sojm
The Sojm is filled with leftist degenerates, foreign nationals, and corrupt capitalists. They must be purged and replaced by true servants of the people and nation, all the while making sure that corruption and degeneration can never again seep into the halls of power.
Controlling the State
There are too many barriers set against our movement. If we are to see the rebirth of our nation, we must take these down and take full control of the state and its institutions to reshape it. With power concentrated in the hands of Vacłaŭ Łastoŭski, we will be able to see the consolidation of the Kryvian state become reality.
The Kryvian Concept
The Kryvian Concept was developed by Vacłaŭ Łastoŭski before the Weltkrieg, believing that as descendants of the Kryvich people before the Mongol invasions of the 13th century, are an Aryan people and the purest of the East Slavic nations. It is time for Belarusians to embrace and protect this identity from the Mongol Muscovites to the East and internationalists within.
Expropriate the Landlords
For centuries, Belarusians have been a purely peasant nation under Polish and Russian landlords. The socialists, despite their rhetoric, have failed in their promise to help the peasants, trying too hard to please the enemy. Enough is enough; we will seize the lands and give it to the people, no questions asked, no compensation! Kryvians are no longer slaves!
The Agrarian Ideal
The Belarusian is, broadly speaking, a poor farmer, and has been for centuries. Even as Kryvians, we are still a people of the land, and agrarian ideals resonate within our souls. We must protect this identity not only in rhetoric, but in action, by uplifting the peasant and the farmer to the level they were always meant to be.
Nationalist Education
Our socialist predecessors were of the right mind in ensuring a secular and nationalist education for our people. However, they certainly haven't gone far enough with the nationalist aspect, giving far too many concessions to Jews, Poles, and Russians, while letting leftist agitation seep in. The school curriculum must instil a proud Kryvian identity and a strong character.
The Existential Enemy
While Syndicalism is a threat, there is no bigger threat than the Muscovites of the East, our old oppressors. They will return, and they will try to destroy us once again, but we cannot allow it to happen. We can never return under their boot, and we will either prevail or die in our struggle for existence.
Nation above Class
Despite their Marxist ideology, the BSDP has not only completely failed to create a classless society, but further worsened class divisions. Belarusians or Kryvians will no longer be divided by class, for we are one indivisible nation.
Nationalism under the Reichspakt
There is no shame in admitting that we will need help to keep invaders out, especially with the Muscovites at our border. Germany is our only true ally here, and our nation will likely only survive as part of the Reichspakt. As we work to become a self-reliant nation, Germany will help us towards this goal, and we will remain steadfast allies in the coming storm.
Nationalise the Churches
Despite Łastoŭski's best attempts to convince the people that religion plays no part in national identity, far too many people refuse to let go. As the Catholic Church remains influenced by the Poles and the Orthodox Church by the Muscovites, we must rupture their ties with the foreign enemies. The Churches in Kryvia must be completely subservient to the state.
Constitutional Amendments
The Constitution, full of leftist ideas and values, simply cannot be used by our nation. However, it is not completely unsalvageable. With effort and significant amendments, we can fix it to serve the needs of the Kryvian people and its institutions.
The Rise of Kryvia
With power consolidated within the Kryvian movement, we can truly begin the rebirth of the Belarusian people into the Kryvian nation. We will never be slaves to another invader ever again, and we will not waste the opportunity the Germans have given to our people as we begin to take our place among Europe's nations.
Entice German Investors
There is currently plenty of resentment towards German companies as they pulled out of our country after Black Monday. However, we cannot let these feelings get in the way of the fact that we need the investors to return and, this time, stay. This will require some fairly generous offers to entice them back into the White Ruthenian market.
Consolidate State Assets
Because of the limited amount of capital within the country, the government has been highly active in the economy to help spur development. This means that not only does the state owns a significant portion of it, but also bloat and inefficiencies. Consolidated state enterprises and downsizing will help lower state expenses and, in the long-run, improve their efficiency.
Loosen Labour Laws
The BSDP government, true to their socialist rhetoric, implemented strong and comprehensive labour laws that favoured workers over owners. This makes foreign companies less eager to invest even with the relatively lower costs. Loosening these laws, despite the protests of the All-Belarusian Congress of Trade Unions, will help make investing in our country more attractive.
Education Reforms
Modernising the higher education curriculae is a key step in increasing the supply of Belarusian experts. Only through Western-style reformed school system we can stay competitive.
Request a Bail Out
Even with our best effort and decisions, our economy is simply too weak on its own to cope with the global economic downturn. We will need to make a formal request to the German government to help bail out our economy, likely involving some long-term loans from German banks. We can only hope the Germans will have generous terms for their steadfast ally in the East.
Expanding the People's Army
The formation of the Belarusian People's Army was a tumultuous affair, to say the least. With initial distrust from the German Army and a Bolshevik coup, it wouldn't be until 1919 that a formal army was created, and it faced further difficulties in securing arms and enthusiasm from either the people or government. With renewed worries about the Russian threat, there is finally interest in military reform and expansion now that the nation's very survival is at stake.
Revive the Military Central Council
The Belarusian Military Central Council, or Belvaiskrada, was formed in November 1917 to organise the first Belarusian military units, but was disbanded the next year as the German Army occupied Minsk, delaying the creation of the People's Army by over a year. The purpose of the revived Belvaiskrada is to transform the People's Army into a proper, modern military force that can stand up on its own as much as possible, focusing on the quality of officers, NCOs, and training.
Creation of the Belarusian Home Guard
Two things are clear: The People's Army will never be able to beat back a Russian or German invasion on its own, and the National Guard is too limited in scope to provide for local defence and auxiliary support. As such, the National Guard will be replaced by the Belarusian Home Guard, or BKA, which will focus on mobilising the civilian population and the army reserves for a prolonged guerrilla war against the occupier.
Expand the Central Military School
The Central Military School is the only institution capable of training officers for the People's Army, and they still often have to study in Germany for further instruction. The School is in dire need of expansion if we are to increase the quality of our officers, which will include new facilities and hiring foreign instructors.
Improving our NCOs
Professional officers are important, but non-commissioned officers have also seen significant professionalisation since the Weltkrieg. Their importance in maintaining the link between officers and soldiers is immense, and their role on the frontlines is impossible to overstate. Increasing their training will help increase the quality of the army as a whole, for officers rely on them and soldiers look up to them.
Belarusian Army Manuals
As embarrassing as it is to say, most of our newer manuals are in German, which few Belarusians can read, and the outdated ones in Russian. There are, of course, unofficial translations from educated officers and volunteers, but there are still no formal manuals in Belarusian. With the increasing literacy of the people, it is more than about time to compile modern army manuals in our own language.
Formalise Sappers and Assault Units
Technical troops in the People's Army remain more-or-less ad-hoc, informal organisations, with engineers often sent to train in Germany. With the growing number of educated technicians in the army, it is time to organise them into formal units. Furthermore, our assault units, also trained on the German model, will also gain formal designations.
Motorisation and Logistics
If there is one military benefit of being an agrarian nation with increasing agricultural mechanisation, it's that many of our soldiers are familiar with motor vehicles. With the increasing number of trucks and even armoured vehicles on the battlefield, we can use it to improve our logistical situation despite the less-than-ideal infrastructure of the country.
Heavy Equipment Purchase
It is safe to say that Belarus will not produce heavy military equipment in large numbers in the near future, making us dependent on importing them from our allies. With an increasing need for trucks, radios, and artillery on the modern battlefield, we will have to start securing a stockpile of heavy materiel before it is too late.
Dnieper-Dvina Line
While the border on the rivers Dnieper and Dvina cuts us off from well over a million Belarusians under Russian oppression, it gives us and our allies a far better defensive position when the Russians inevitably return. Despite being part of Germany's Ostwall project, the Belarusian section was seriously neglected, presenting a weakpoint in the Reichspakt. We must prepare our defences before it is too late.
Auxiliary Battalions
In order to mobilise as much of the population as possible, auxiliary battalions are to be formed from reservists, veterans, and civilian volunteers to support military operations. This will increase the number of available manpower for the armed forces and decrease the amount of training necessary for new formations.
Militarise Police Units
Local police units provide us with an interesting opportunity for military operations. As they are already trained to provide security and are very familiar with the local situation they serve in, they will prove invaluable in organising local resistance to the occupier and help funnel arms to partisans.
Local Munitions Production
When it came to establishing military industries, Belarus was thoroughly ignored during the Tsarist era. As such, the country lacks even the basic facilities to produce ammunition. In order to reduce our dependence on foreign imports and as an important entry-point in developing a military industrial sector, we will begin constructing facilities able to produce rifle and pistol ammunition.
Partisan Warfare
Sadly, it is very likely that in the case of an invasion, parts of our country will be overrun by the enemy. However, the Belarusian people are already experienced with partisan warfare since the Russian Civil War. It is only natural that we embrace this experience as part of our military doctrine and use every means possible to defend our homeland.
Equipment Standardisation
The People's Army's stockpile of weapons is an eclectic mess of Imperial Russian and German rifles, pistols, and even artillery pieces, all using different calibres. This creates a logistical nightmare for the Army, having to supply many types of ammo to our forces. This issue will only be solved once we streamline and standardise our equipment.
Bielaruski Narodny Arsienal
With our steadily growing industry, we are now able to expand the Belarusian People's Arsenal, increasing its capacity to produce small arms locally for the People's Army. This development, supported by our allies, will further strengthen our nation's economic independence.
Invite Aviation Instructors
Building an air force is a very big task and it will simply not be possible without help from foreigners. Thankfully, our stronger allies have far more experience in air warfare and can help us with instructors to train pilots and mechanics for the future Military Air Fleet.
Form the Military Air Fleet
While there is still a long way to go before the People's Army can protect the skies of Belarus on its own, the creation of a formal air force is an important step our people can be truly proud of. Air warfare has become an increasingly important part of modern war, and despite our late start, the Belarusian people will finally be able to fight off our enemies high above our homes.
Baranavichy Aircraft Repair Plant
The city of Baranavichy has been steadily industrialising and an air base was created in its outskirts along with the facilities required to repair aircraft. By expanding the air base and the repair facilities, we can jumpstart the Belarusian aeronautics industry and begin training mechanics and engineers on our own.
Technical Assistance
While our industrialisation steadily progresses, we continue to struggle with a lack of technical know-how in many sectors. With some help from experts from allied countries, we can overcome these hurdles and improve the pool of Belarusian skilled workers.
Krupp Contacts
There are certainly benefits to being part of the German sphere, and one of them are contacts within its largest firms. It is no secret that the People's Army lacks artillery, the queen of the battlefield. The Krupp conglomerate is well-known for its high-quality guns, and with the right words with them and the German Army, we can secure some older artillery pieces they no longer use for cheap.
From Tractors to Tanks
Agricultural mechanisation has created Belarus' most prominent industry: Agricultural tractors. With the growth of our automotive and agricultural machinery industry, it is possible to convert civilian production into military vehicles, including tanks.
Expanding the Cavalry
Despite the dwindling use of cavalry in modern warfare, in a country such as Belarus, horse cavalry still has use as support and mobile troops because of our rough terrain and lacklustre infrastructure. Until we can improve our industry and infrastructure, we cannot discard the use of light cavalry as a way to maximise the mobility of our forces and strike the enemy quickly.
Women's Support Service
With the nation's survival at stake, Belarusian women will also step in to help by filling auxiliary roles in the military and jobs at the homefront. The Women's Support Service will organise the nation's women for the war effort.
Materiel Assistance
With our nation's lack of industry has made it very difficult to arm and equip our armed forces. It is time for our allies to prove themselves worthy of that title and help us. After all, if Belarus falls, they will be next.
Automobile Repair Plant
The [206.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Automobile Repair Plant has proved to be an integral part of Belarus' industrialisation, helping maintain and repair the increasing amount of motor vehicles in the agricultural and industrial sectors. It can and will be mobilised for the war effort, repairing and upgrading the vehicles of our and our allies' military.
Black Cats
To further improve our ability to wage a guerrilla war against the occupiers, \
Repurpose Captured Equipment
With the increasing amount of captured equipment from the enemy, not all of it is proving useful for our forces. Letting our armourers and quartermasters convert the calibres of enemy weapons or repairing damaged equipment, we can further improve our ability to supply our forces.
Cavalry Motorisation
As our industry and infrastructure improve, we can finally begin considering the motorisation of our forces. As part of our doctrine of keeping our troops light, mobile, and concealed from the enemy, our cavalry force would benefit the most from motor vehicles and armour. The creation of an armoured cavalry will greatly improve the firepower of our mobile forces.
Minski Farmaceutyčy Zavod
Bielaruski Nacyjanalny Univiersitet
MAZ
Baranavičy Avijazavod
Klaipedski Sudnabudaŭničy Zavod
Bielaruski Narodny Arsienal
The Young Belarusian State, which sought to break free from Russia and assert its independence from Germany, formed its first independent regiments in February 1919. Ultimately, the creation of an independent army was approved in the Minsk Treaty. The Belarusian elites were aware that an army without its own industrial base would never achieve real sovereignty. In the areas around the railway lines and the Svislach, industrial districts were developed, from which, at the beginning of 1922, the 'Minsk Steelworks; emerged, later given the name 'Belarusian National Arsenal' to reflect the great success of the young republic.
Bielaruski Narodny Arsienal
The Young Belarusian State, which sought to break free from Russia and assert its independence from Germany, formed its first independent regiments in February 1919. Ultimately, the creation of an independent army was approved in the Minsk Treaty. The Belarusian elites were aware that an army without its own industrial base would never achieve real sovereignty. In the areas around the railway lines and the Svislach, industrial districts were developed, from which, at the beginning of 1922, the first official metallurgical enterprise was registered in Minsk – the Energia Ironworks and Machine Tools Factory, originally named 'Cast Iron Foundry and Metalworking Plant' with the short name of 'Giant'. This enterprise later became known as the Belarusian National Arsenal to reflect the great success of the young republic.
MoAZ
Babrujski Traktarny Zavod
Dornier
SVAM
Sluckaja Vajennaja Avijacyjnaja Majsternia
Krupp Weißruthenien
Mass Illiteracy
The majority of the White Ruthenian population consists of illiterate peasants. Since gaining independence, the country has invested significant resources to create and improve a national education system. This multi-generational task is only starting to bring results, slowly improving life in the countryside.
Agrarian Society
When White Ruthenia was fighting for its independence and national revival, the largely socialist Sojm initially outlawed private ownership of land and called for the redistribution of all large estates without compensation to landowners, largely ethnic Poles. However, this policy was quickly tempered as the Sojm sought support from the German Empire and the Belarusian Social-Democratic Party distanced themselves further from Bolshevik Russia. As such, more moderate land redistribution, which included compensation to landlords, has been in place since 1921. However, the slow pace and numerous problems encountered led to criticism within the BSDP and from its leftist coalition partners, calling for a radical policy to replace it as the Belarusian Socialist Hramada had promised back in 1917.
Modernising Agrarian Society
With the growth of industry in the country, the issues of rural overpopulation and unproductive agriculture is being mitigated by growing urbanisation and the redistribution of land to a growing class of smallholders. Along with the improvement of rural infrastructure and institutions, the Belarusian people is on the way to becoming a modern agrarian society and not a backwards one.
Modern Agrarian Society
While [BLR.GetNameDef] remains mostly agrarian, it now has a healthy industrial sector that supports both rural and urban economies of the country. Poverty and illiteracy in the countryside are diminishing as economic opportunities reach both sections of the population, bringing the nation ever closer together.
Weak National Identity
While many nations in Eastern Europe have experienced a national awakening in the second half of the 19th century, the idea of a Belarusian nation only started to appear in the early 20th century. By the time Russia fell to the Bolsheviks, very few Belarusians could even comprehend the idea of nationalism, let alone embrace it, and many even considered Belarusians to be nothing but Polonised Russians or poor, uncultured peasants unworthy of the title of \
Influential Bund
The Jewish Labour Bund, or simply the Bund is a Jewish labour movement prevalent through Europe, Belarus is no exception to that where the Bund has proved itself a valuable ally to the BSDP who both exist in a kind of symbiotic relationship. Though cracks are beginning to form with the ambitions of the BSDP growing larger and larger, the BSDP's plan to completely overhaul the Belarusian economy concerns the Bund leadership, this issue must be addressed soon.
Bundist Split
Following negotiations with the moderates within the Bund, a split is occurring within the Bund, with the moderate and conservative factions jockeying for control over local chapters of the Bund across the country, with our assistance the moderates may come out of this split triumphant.
New Bund Leadership
After a nationwide power struggle between the moderate and conservative factions of the Jewish Labour Bund, the government-aligned moderates emerged triumphant, now we'll have a more enthusiastic Bund on our side that may prove more supportive for our social and economic programmes, though the power struggle did leave its mark on the Bund at large.
Supportive Bund Leadership
After an exhaustive period of negotiations with the leadership with the Jewish Labour Bund, we have finally reached an agreement, providing some level of autonomy for the Bund artisans from regulations and competition and in turn, they pledged their support for our economic and social programmes.
Guaranteed Liberties
While it seems like a given in liberal western countries, it seems like unstable Eastern Europe has had more trouble in becoming a liberal society... Nevertheless, we can now stand proud as a beacon of liberty and civil rights in Eastern Europe.
Rural School-building Spree
Back during the first years of the Belarusian People's Republic, the number of schools in the country increased exponentially. This helped raise the literacy level significantly, but it still falls short compared to our neighbours and remains unacceptably low compared to the rest of Europe. The government's project includes building many more schools in the countryside, expand the existing ones, and re-introduce night classes for urban workers. This is an expensive and ambitious project, but should bear fruit in the long run.
Expanded Welfare State
Helping the needy is a fundamental role for the government, and with our position secure, we can finally expand our welfare programmes for the poor.
Civic Nationalism
While our government promotes Belarusian nationalism, it doesn't do it by marginalising ethnic minorities. We encourage everyone in Belarus to find common values and enshrine them in a new national identity.
Civic Nationalism
While our government promotes Belarusian nationalism, it doesn't do it by marginalising ethnic minorities. We encourage everyone in Belarus to find common values and enshrine them in a new national identity.
Personal Principle
The Personal Principle was developed by the Austrian Social-Democratic Workers' Party as a way to tackle the question of nationalism in their multiethnic state. This involves detaching the nation (as in, the people) from the land they reside in. This is particularly useful to avoid bifurcating states that do not have clear ethnic lines. Instead, cultural and educational institutions are handled by a council representing a particular ethnicity, ensuring that they have autonomy in their national affairs.
Policies of the Hramada
The Belarusian Peasants' and Workers' Union, or the Hramada for short, is the current ruling coalition in the country consisting of most of its progressive and leftist politicians. Its policies are inspired from other social-democratic parties of Europe, emphasising on a reformist path towards socialism, but with rather strong agrarian overtones, reflecting the Belarusian context as a generally rural nation.
Solidifying our Identity
Who are we? Unlike what some ignorant outsiders would like to believe, we aren't just Russian, we have our own identity, culture and language! But even in our own country, many seem to forget that. We have to solidify our own identity if we are to become a true nation state.
Black Monday
While the Mitteleuropa dominated Eastern Europe has suffered greatly from the arrival of Black Monday, the underdevelopment of our economy has let us get away almost scot free. That said, our economy is still in a worse state than it was before.
Hramadist Uprising
While most of the leadership of the Hramada fled the country into exile upon being ousted from power, more radical elements have encouraged and even participated in an armed uprising against our government. Due to that, our authority does not extend far beyond [206.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and we need to stamp out these rebels before we can properly resume governmental functions.
Sojm Reinstated
With the illegitimate rule of the BSDP dealt with, the Sojm has been reinstated, though with far more 'oversight' than it had before, to not let anarcho-syndicalists mess the country up.
The National Revolution
Not every revolution must be a godless syndicalist revolution, as we have proved now, we are to nationally revitalise this country in our vision.
Servile Sojm
The Sojm, while on paper the parliament of Belarus, is now firmly under the Rada's control. It is staffed with Rada loyalists and merely acts as a paper stamp.
Empowered Presidency
With the syndicalist BSDP gone, we can empower the Presidency and the Rada to achieve supremacy over the Sojm, firm leadership is what Belarus needs.
Reichspakt Military Mission
Relations between Germany and the BSDP were tenuous to say the least, to revitalise our relations with our protector from Russian conquest, we will expand the Reichspakt's military mission in White Ruthenia.
Goods from Mitteleuropa
Just because we don't dominate the Mitteleuropa economic bloc doesn't mean we can't benefit from it, as goods are now flowing in from Mitteleuropa, our economic output is improving as a result.
Deepened Mitteleuropa Ties
Germany remains our protector from Russian conquest, for we cannot possibly handle the Muscovite threat on our own. Radicals may decry this as loss of our sovereignty, but we see it as a simple trade-off for the Belarusian nation to thrive.
Sojm Purged
The syndicalists and anarchists in the Sojm will bother us no more! As we have now issued orders to exile, kill or imprison the most dangerous elements within the Sojm.
Sojm Purged
The syndicalists and anarchists in the Sojm will bother us no more! As we have now issued orders to exile, kill or imprison the most dangerous elements within the Sojm.
Sojm Purged
The syndicalists and anarchists in the Sojm will bother us no more! As we have now issued orders to exile, kill or imprison the most dangerous elements within the Sojm.
Kryvian Education
With the proclamation of the Kryvian manifesto, we must educate the younger generations and the people at large about our Kryvian heritage.
Kryvian Education
With the proclamation of the Kryvian manifesto, we must educate the younger generations and the people at large about our Kryvian heritage.
Nation above Class
Marx and other so-called philosophers have made too many people think that all conflicts revolve around class struggle. This is of course, completely false, conflict revolves around struggles between nations and cultures.
Mandated Belarusian in Church
Doing sermons in services in Koine Greek and Church Slavonic goes against the Kryvian manifesto of absolute national unity, we have required Church leaders to instead provide services in Belarusian, or Kryvian as it is called now. While many will resist, We're sure that resistance will eventually fade.
Mildly Successful Land Reform
Plan Sierada has born fruit! Now that we've succeeded in implementing our land reform programme, the countryside is prospering more than it ever has.
Successful Land Reform
Plan Sierada has born fruit! Now that we've succeeded in implementing our land reform programme, the countryside is prospering more than it ever has.
Very Successful Land Reform
Plan Sierada has born fruit! Now that we've succeeded in implementing our land reform programme, the countryside is prospering more than it ever has.
Progress of Plan Sierada
Belarusian Military Central Council
The BVZR is in charge of reforming the People's Army into a modern, flexible fighting force based on improved training of its officers and soldiery. The Council's goal is to improve the nation's military independence.
Belarusian Home Guard
Anticipating a war with its neighbour, the People's Army has been supplemented with the BKA, a reserve and auxiliary force meant to mobilise as much of the population as possible against possible invaders.
Belarusian Ostwall
Russia is clearly our biggest threat and, militarily speaking, they dwarf us significantly. In order to ensure we can hold the line as long as possible, fortifications will have to be built on our eastern border, hopefully stemming the tide long enough for the German Army to arrive.
Partisan Warfare
Belarus has a long history with asymmetrical warfare and our people have experience with partisan tactics. Formalising this experience into an actual doctrine will allow us to fight on even if our nation is occupied by the enemy.
Nascent Military Industry
White Ruthenia has never had a military industry to speak of, focusing on domestic industry such as food processing and agricultural equipment. With help from our benefactors, we can reduce our dependence on military exports by starting up local arms and munitions production.
Legacy of the National Regiment
In January 1918, regiments of the Imperial Russian Army in Romania of Belarusian origins were formally Belarusianised. One of these became the First Belarusian National Regiment of Hussars, becoming one of the earliest Belarusian military units, predating the formation of the People's Army. With the expansion of the Belarusian cavalry, these units have taken the legacy of this regiment and the old Belarusian Hussar Regiment of the Imperial Russian Army.
Belarusian People's Military Air Fleet
The Military Air Fleet is the air force of the Belarusian People's Army. While it remains small, it is the first step for the Belarusian people to defend their own aerospace, reducing its reliance on its allies.
Land Reform
Since its foundation, the §HBielaruskaja Sacyjal-Demakratyčnaja Partyja§! (Belarusian Social-Democratic Party, BSDP), has been struggling to move [root.GetName] forward due to infighting between the more §Rradical left wing§! and the §Smoderate right wing§! of the party over the direction of the proposed land reform project, §HPlan Sierada§!. Since its inception, the Plan has grown to encompass topics such as education policy, policy on unions, and the role of religion in the state. The instability within the party and ineffectiveness in implementing the land reform plan has resulted in the rise of more extreme rightist elements within [root.GetName], increasingly fuelled by fear of a Syndicalist revolution. If the BSDP government is to take too many radical steps or fails to appease its left wing, the resulting chaos may be enough for §Hthe military to act on their fears of Syndicalism and launch a German-backed coup against the elected government§!.\n\n§CLand Reform Success§!: [BLR_Land_Reform_Success_Status]\n\n§CLand Reform Popularity§!: [BLR_Land_Reform_Popularity_Status]
Industrialising Belarus
Our industry is lagging behind the rest of Mitteleuropa, to provide more economic value to the bloc and to get out of our own economic issues, we must start a programme to industrialise Belarus.
Resolve Land Disputes
This decision will §Gsignificantly increase§! the §CPopularity§! and §CEffectiveness§! of Plan Sierada.
Send Aid to the Peasants
This decision will increase the §CPopularity§! of Plan Sierada by §Ymuch§!
Seize Large Estates
This decision will increase the §CEffectiveness§! of Plan Sierada by §Ymuch§!
Ban Religious Studies in Schools
This decision will §Gsignificantly increase§! the §CEffectiveness§! and §Rsignificantly decrease§! the §CPopularity§! of Plan Sierada.
Allow Religious Studies in Schools
This decision will §Gsignificantly increase§! the §CPopularity§! and §Rsignificantly decrease§! the §CEffectiveness§! of Plan Sierada.
Compulsory Union Membership
This decision will §Ggreatly increase§! the §CEffectiveness§! and §Rgreatly decrease§! the §CPopularity§! of Plan Sierada.
Voluntary Union Membership
This decision will §Ggreatly increase§! the §CPopularity§! and §Rgreatly decrease§! the §CEffectiveness§! of Plan Sierada.
Secularise Trade Unions
This decision will §Ggreatly increase§! the §CEffectiveness§! and §Rgreatly decrease§! the §CPopularity§! of Plan Sierada.
Allow Christian Unions
This decision will §Ggreatly increase§! the §CPopularity§! and §Rgreatly decrease§! the §CEffectiveness§! of Plan Sierada.
Integrate the Bunds
This decision will §Gsignificantly increase§! the §CEffectiveness§! and §Rsignificantly decrease§! the §CPopularity§! of Plan Sierada.
Cooperation with the Bunds
This decision will §Gsignificantly increase§! the §CPopularity§! and §Rsignificantly decrease§! the §CEffectiveness§! of Plan Sierada.
Complete Plan Sierada
Plan Sierada is in Danger!
§RIf we don't act fast and end the deadlock, the consequences will be severe!§!
Build the Maladziečna Machine Tool Plant
Machine tools are a necessity for any sort of industrial expansion. We've relied on German machine tool imports for long enough; it is time to begin domestic production... after importing the necessary tools we lack from Germany, sadly.
Expand the [1087.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Metallurgical Plant
Built in 1932, MMZ is one of the few heavy industries in the nation, being one of the only producers of steel in Belarus. Expanding it will provide us with more domestic production, limit our costly imports, and expand our industrial base.
Expand the Rečyca Hardware Plant
Built in 1912 by brothers Uladzimir and Barys Ryk, the Hardware Plant manufactures many tons of nails and wires for construction and other assorted projects. Being one of the first metal processing industries in [ROOT.GetName], it has become a symbol of industry in the region and should be modernised and expanded. The plant could potentially reach daily production of 27 tons of nails needed for many basic construction projects.
As the Pinsk region is one of the more developed parts of the country, with many food processing and woodworking industries, electrifying the region has become an important task to maximise the area's output. The power plant in Bielaaziorsk is perhaps one of the most ambitious infrastructure projects in Belarus, hoping to reach outputs in the hundreds of thousands of kilowatt to power the western parts of the country and the neighbouring areas of our allies.
Build the Haradzieja Sugar Plant
The western part of the country is home to many food-processing industries and is home to its sugar beet-growing lands. Building facilities able to process these beets into refined sugar will create a new industry that will support Belarusian farmers and stimulate the economy.
Build the Žodzina Power Plant
[206.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] is the most industrially-developed region of the country. To increase productivity, our industry must have access to more power. With peat being one of the most plentiful resources around, a thermal power plant using it would be ideal, with the town of Žodzina being the best location.
Support Bund-aligned Businesses
Encourage Urbanisation
[194.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Oil Refinery
Southern Belarus is home to oil sands, but the technology and capital required to extract and process it are not available to us. However, we can pre-emptively invest in the refining industry, allowing us to produce some fuel from crude oil imports, which may prove instrumental in any conflict at the border.
Bielaaziorsk Power Plant Project
Prospect in Akolaŭsk and Navasiolkaŭsk
The iron ore deposits of Akolaŭsk and Navasiolkaŭsk in the [204.GetName] region is one of the few in the country but remains untouched. Starting mining operations would create industrial jobs in the region while supplying the [1087.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Metallurgical Plant with local ores to increase steel production.
Crushing the Hramada
The Belarusian Peasants' and Workers' Union, simply known as the Hramada, has been, until recently, ruling White Ruthenia with little opposition since 1925. The Hramada has always been full of Syndicalist sympathisers and agents, and their subversive actions have not gone unnoticed by the military. With their government toppled, they have taken up arms in the countryside. The People's Army will crush them soon enough and restore order.
German Intervention Imminent
Germany is losing faith in our ability to hold the country together. Unless we can restore our legitimacy as the true government of White Ruthenia, they will intervene to take matters in their own hands.
Take [1087.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Take [207.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Take [95.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Take [204.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Take [194.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Round Up Remaining Agitators
Defence Preparations
The industry of Belarus is somewhere between lacking and non-existent, meaning that we struggle to produce equipment the People's Army require to fulfil its role. Thankfully, our ally has a lot of old equipment it is willing to sell to us for relatively cheap, allowing us to acquire extra hardware while our meagre military industry can remain focused on what it can actually produce.
Dnipro Line
Dvina Line
Import Rifles
Our ability to produce even the infantryman's standard rifle is limited. Surely, Germany has enough old Mausers from the Weltkrieg to spare...
Import Artillery
Krupp is well known for its fine artillery pieces. Germany is also known to have produced a lot of field guns in the previous war. Perhaps they have some old pieces to spare for their easternmost vanguard.
Import Fighters
We may have the facilities to repair and refuel planes, but building them from scratch is a whole other matter. If we are to defend our airspace, we will need some fighters. Hopefully, the Germans have some old biplanes to spare to give us SOMETHING to fight with!
Import Support Equipment
From radios to surgical equipment, military technology has developed leaps and bounds in the last decades. We are lacking a lot of specific pieces of equipment to help support our troops behind and at the frontlines that aren't weapons or vehicles.
Import Trucks
Motor vehicles have secured an important place on the modern battlefield from troop transports to ambulances. While we do have a fledgling tractor industry, well, that may help the farmer in his field, but not likely our brave soldiers on the battlefield. Unless...
Greater Belarus
Here in the east, borders are drawn with sword and not with a pen. To the bold goes to the spoils!
Reassert Northern Claims
To bring about good relations between [ROOT.GetNameDef] and [LIT.GetNameDef], an agreement between the two allies was reached on April 27, 1922, where the Belarusian government recognised Vilnius as the capital of Lithuania in exchange for official guarantees for rights and autonomy for Belarusians in the country. However, with the agreement essentially null and void, we can reassert our claims on important Belarusian cities as Vilnya and Hrodna so that we may liberate them in the future.
Reassert Western Claims
Reassert Southern Claims
During the chaos of the Russian Civil War, the Ukrainians were able to secure a significant amount of Southern Belarus out of Bolshevik hands. While they ceded important cities such as [95.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and [194.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], cities such as [241.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and Brest remained in the hands of the Hetman. We could only accept this at the time, for our position was too weak to assert our claims across the Dnieper and in Polesia. Now that Ukraine is no longer aligned with us, we can reassert these claims in the hopes of liberating them in the future.
Reassert Eastern Claims
Leave the Reichspakt
The German Empire has fallen! While this means we are finally truly independent, we are also alone, isolated, and still at war with Germany's enemies. We may be able to secure our gains from this war and settle peace with the Syndicalists. After all, they surely understand that we were revolutionaries all along and were only waiting for the right time to strike, right?
Request Further Independence
Our nation has grown since its foundation, and we are no longer as reliant on German assistance than we were back then. Perhaps it is time to ask our protectors for greater independence as a reward for our loyalty to this point.
Propose a Secret Deal with [FROM.GetNameDef]
The [BLR.GetAdjective]s have baulked under German rule since the end of the Weltkrieg.\nAn impoverished region long neglected by the Tsars, they have been doing their best to build a social democratic state and develop their national identity underneath the noses of the Germans, who gave them their autonomy after forming the Ostwall. Their loyalty to Germany and clamping down on radicalism has meant a superficially socialist regime has stayed in power, but perhaps we can offer them something more than the Germans can...\n\n§YIf [BLR.GetNameDef] accepts this proposal, at the start of any war we may have with Germany, they will leave the Reichspakt and join the Internationale to fight at our side. They will become our puppet, and will also be granted the states of [243.GetName] and [755.GetName].§!
Autonomy for the Lithuanians
In our quest to secure Vilnya, we have taken control of the Lithuanian heartland. We have no reason to oppress our Lithuanian brothers, so it would be wise to give them significant autonomy in internal affairs and perhaps rethink the overall administration of our state.
Form the Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
The Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation is the finally revival of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, the shared legacy of our two nations. Such an idea had been briefly revived during the Weltkrieg, but was abandoned with the proclamations of the Kingdom of Lithuania and the Belarusian People's Republic. Now, however, recent events have proven that our very survival is dependent on deep cooperation, and this old idea will help both nations weather future storms. Long live the brotherly union of Lithuanian and Belarusian Peoples!
§YSlightly§! increases the §GPopularity§! of Plan Sierada.
§YSignificantly§! increases the §GPopularity§! of Plan Sierada.
§YSlightly§! increases the §CEffectiveness§! of Plan Sierada.
§YSignificantly§! increases the §CEffectiveness§! of Plan Sierada.
§RSlightly§! decreases the §GPopularity§! of Plan Sierada.
§RSignificantly§! decreases the §GPopularity§! of Plan Sierada.
§RGreatly§! decreases the §GPopularity§! of Plan Sierada.
§RSlightly§! decreases the §CEffectiveness§! of Plan Sierada.
§RSignificantly§! decreases the §CEffectiveness§! of Plan Sierada.
§GExtremely Effective§!
§GVery Effective§!
§GEffective§!
§YMildly Effective§!
§RIneffective§!
§RDisastrous§!
§GExtremely Popular§!
§GVery Popular§!
§GPopular§!
§YUncontroversial§!
§RUnpopular§!
§RDisastrous§!
The §GPopularity§! of Plan Sierada is not $BLR_Land_Reform_Popularity_Status_0$
The §CEffectiveness§! of Plan Sierada is not $BLR_Land_Reform_Success_Status_0$
Unlocks £decision_icon_small §HHeavy Equipment Import§! Decisions
Unlocks £decision_icon_small §HArms Import§! Decisions
§HAn extra Civilian Factory§! will be available for §H30 days§!.
Decisions to industrialise Belarus will be unlocked.
We'll start Sierada's Plan in an effort to achieve land reform.
§RThe Army will have an issue with this.§!
Lithuanian Autonomy\n§WIn theory, Lithuania is meant to be an equal partner in the \
§H[11.GetName]§!, §H[189.GetName]§!, §H[655.GetName]§! gain state modifier §HLithuanian Autonomy§!, which grants ($MODIFIER_LOCAL_MANPOWER$: §G+25%§!, $MODIFIER_LOCAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: §G+25%§!).\n
Plan Sierada is a Success
Plan Sierada has been initiated
A shipment of §H2500 Weltkrieg-era Infantry Equipment§! will arrive in §Htwo weeks§!.
A shipment of §H250 Weltkrieg-era Artillery§! will arrive in §Htwo weeks§!.
A shipment of §H100 obsolete Fighter Planes§! will arrive in §Htwo weeks§!.
A shipment of §H150 Support Equipment§! will arrive in §Htwo weeks§!.
A shipment of §H200 Motorised Equipment§! will arrive in §Htwo weeks§!.
[BLR.GetName] has been exiled to Lithuania
[BLR.GetName] has §Rnot§! been exiled to Lithuania
The General Jewish Labour Bund of Belarus and Lithuania have met
The governments of Lithuania and Belarus has negotiated an agreement
Is already assaulting another state
§HWhen the Second Weltkrieg begins§!:
We are already undergoing the process of industrialisation
We have already expanded educational institutions
Belarus
Belarusian
Belarus
Belarusian Workers' Socialist Republic
the Belarusian Workers' Socialist Republic
Belarusian Workers' Socialist Republic
the Belarusian Workers' Socialist Republic
Belarusian People's Republic
the Belarusian People's Republic
Belarusian People's Republic
the Belarusian People's Republic
Belarusian People's Republic
the Belarusian People's Republic
Belarusian People's Republic
the Belarusian People's Republic
Belarusian People's Republic
the Belarusian People's Republic
Belarusian National Republic
the Belarusian National Republic
Belarusian National Republic
the Belarusian National Republic
Belarusian National Republic
the Belarusian National Republic
White Ruthenia
White Ruthenian
White Ruthenia
Kryvia
Kryvian
Kryvia
Generalgouvernement Minsk
the Generalgouvernement Minsk
Lithuanian-Belarus
Lithuanian-Belarusian
Lithuanian-Belarus
Lithuanian-Belarusian Republic of Councils
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Republic of Councils
Lithuanian-Belarusian Republic of Councils
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Republic of Councils
Lithuanian-Belarusian Republic of Councils
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Republic of Councils
Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
the Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
Lithuanian-Kryvia
Lithuanian-Kryvian
Lithuanian-Kryvia
Lithuanian-Kryvian Federation
Lithuanian-Kryvian
the Lithuanian-Kryvian Federation
White Ruthenia, formally the Belarusian People's Republic, has been under German influence from its birth on March 25, 1918. Thanks to the distance from Berlin, it was mostly left to its own devices, and the Belarusian Social-Democratic Party became the dominant political party, continuing the young republic's pro-German orientation. Nevertheless, the BSDP remains divided between moderates and radicals, and the army is deeply suspicious of the latter's influence. Time will tell whether one or the other upset the fragile status quo.
GFX_BLR_intro
White Ruthenia - Starting Situation
The troubled birth of the Belarusian People's Republic, although still commonly referred to as White Ruthenia, took place in the backdrop of the Weltkrieg and the Russian Civil War. When the German Army entered Minsk in February 1918, they were largely unaware of the peoples that lived in the region, assuming the East Slavic people there were merely Russians under an old Polish aristocracy. In their defence, the Belarusian National Revival had only begun in the 1890s and was largely restricted to a small, but growing, urban intelligentsia, and the first Belarusian political party, the Belarusian Socialist Assembly, commonly called the Hramada, was only founded in 1903.\n\nNevertheless, the Germans were quick to exploit the unfolding situation as they steadily delegated powers to the Belarusian National Council, or Rada, from 1918 onwards. Having witnessed the Bolsheviks forcefully disband the All-Belarusian Congress merely two months before their arrival, the German Army saw a way to weaken Russian, and therefore Bolshevik, power in the region, and limit Polish influence in Eastern Europe by supporting the creation of a White Ruthenian state, albeit under close German supervision.\n\nThe independence of White Ruthenia would be recognised through the Treaty of Minsk in 1920, although its borders were far smaller than the Rada had hoped as the Germans favoured a more defensible border on the Dnieper and Dvina. While this was met with disappointment by Belarusian nationalists, they had no way to press their claims. Nevertheless, it curbed the BNR's ambitions to a more manageable area, for it was clear to even the staunchest nationalist that Belarusian national identity was weak and the Republic had limited popular support.\n\nIn late 1920, the Rada ceded its powers to the promised Constituent Assembly, which adopted a constitution and held elections to the Sojm, the parliament of the People's Republic. Since then, the government has been dominated by the Belarusian Social-Democratic Party, formed in 1918 as the Hramada splintered over the question of collaboration with Germany. The BSDP then reformed the Hramada as the Belarusian Peasants' and Worker's Union, a centre-left and leftist electoral bloc. Under their leadership, the new Hramada moulded the BNR as a progressive state focused on creating a more solid Belarusian national identity and combatting illiteracy by greatly expanding education and cultural institutions.\n\nThe future looked bright for Belarus, but clouds are gathering on the horizon.
§MBSDP Hegemony§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $radical_socialist_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the Congress of the Hramada, have the leadership resist radical pressure.\n£white_dot Do not let the popularity or success of the land reform get to disastrous.\n£white_dot Belarus can turn Radical Socialist and side with the Internationale by either asking for mediation if Germany was defeated, or by allying a Socialist Russia at the start of the Second Weltkrieg.\n\n§MNDA Ascension§! ($social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the Congress of the Hramada, have the leadership resist radical pressure.\n£white_dot Do not let the popularity or success of the land reform get to disastrous.\n£white_dot Wait until the 1943 election and choose the NDA coalition as the winner.\n\n§MCentral Rada Takes Control / Generalgouvernement Miensk§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$ / $paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the Congress of the Hramada, choose to not compensate the landowners anymore.\n£white_dot Have the NDA support the Central Rada following the coup.\n£white_dot Crush the Hramada uprising within 90 days.\n£white_dot Failing to crush the Hramada uprising in time will lead to Astroŭski being overthrown by German general Kempf.\n\n§MThe Rise of Kryvia§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the Congress of the Hramada, choose to not compensate the landowners anymore.\n£white_dot Have Astroŭski not obtain the NDA's support after the coup.
Russia made a secret deal with [BLR.GetName]
Usievalad Ihnatoŭski
§YBorn:§! §LApril 19th, 1881, in Takary, Grodno Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LUsievalad Makaravič Ihnatoŭski began his political career as a member of the Russian Socialist-Revolutionary Party in 1902. After getting into trouble with the Tsarist authorities and expelled from the University of Saint Petersburg, he enrolled at the Yuryevsky (Dorpat/Tartu) University, graduating in 1911 before working as a teacher at the Minsk Pedagogical Institute. He would work there until 1921, and for most of the Weltkrieg, he appeared loyal to the government despite his rebellious past. Nevertheless, by 1917, he was the head of an organisation called Young Belarus, becoming a member of the Belarusian Socialist Hramada. When the Hramada split in 1918, he joined the Belarusian Party of Socialist-Revolutionaries, opposing the government of the Belarusian People's Republic's pro-German stance. However, he also grew disillusioned by the BPS-R's anti-Bolshevik stance.\n\nWhen BPS-R co-founder Tamaš Hryb called for cooperation with the puppet republic of the Germans, Ihnatoŭski leaded a split from the BPS-R, forming the underground Belarusian Revolutionary Organisation. While he became a member of the Belarusian Institute of Culture, later the Academy of Sciences, he made contacts with émigrés in Paris and the Third Internationale. Now that the World Revolution has reached Belarus, Ihnatoŭski and his cadre of revolutionaries are at the helm of the Belarusian Workers' Socialist Republic, implementing an authoritarian left-populist programme to bring socialism to his native land.§!
Tamaš Hryb
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1895, in Paliany, Vilna Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe co-founder of the Belarusian Party of Socialist-Revolutionaries was born from a poor peasant family. Before the Weltkrieg, he worked at the Baltic Shipyard in Saint Petersburg and became involved in Belarusian literary circles in the city. In 1914, he was drafted into the Russian Army and remained in service until 1917. He was elected to the All-Belarusian Congress in December 1917 as one of several representatives of Belarusian soldiers fighting on the Romanian Front, and was arrested by Bolshevik authorities when it was suppressed. When he was freed, he became involved in the creation of the Belarusian People's Republic (BNR) as a member of the Rada (Council) of the BNR and the Central Military Council. He and the BPS-R became outspoken supporters of complete independence for Belarus, but they could not convince the Rada to change their pro-German orientation. He would be imprisoned twice in 1919 by German authorities for actively opposing the occupation and only released when the BNR was officially recognised by Germany in 1920.\n\nAs it became clear that the German presence could not be opposed any longer, Hryb called for the BPS-R to work with other leftist parties in the newly-established Sojm, causing a minor split in the party. From 1925 onward, the BPS-R maintained a presence within the successive Social-Democratic governments, representing the Peasants' and Workers' Hramada's radical wing.\n\nHryb would remain suspected by German authorities the whole time, and he remained careful about any affiliation with the Third Internationale, even if his sympathies were an open secret. With the World Revolution having spread to Belarus, however, there is no longer any reason to hold back as the BPS-R begins work at implementing their full left-populist programme, with their co-founder at the head of the Belarusian Workers' Socialist Republic.§!
Branisłaŭ Taraškievič
Coming from a peasant family of modest means, Branisłaŭ Adamavič Taraškievič became involved in the Belarusian national movement during his studies in Vilnius. In 1911, he continued his education in Saint Petersburg, where he became acquainted with the nationalist poet Janka Kupala. Because of his excellent grades, he was easily admitted into the Faculty of History and Philology of Saint Petersburg University, where he studied under numerous accomplished linguists. He returned to Minsk in 1917, deeply involved with the Belarusian Socialist Hramada and the foundation of the Belarusian People's Republic (BNR) the following year. When the Hramada split in 1918, he found himself on the side of the Belarusian Social-Democratic Party, which pursued a pragmatically pro-German path, rejected Soviet Russia and its degeneration into \
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1892, in Mačiuliškės, Vilna Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BLR_branislau_taraskievic_desc_body$ As such, he is rumoured to be not only sympathetic to the Third Internationale, but potentially their agent among the more radical opposition. Nevertheless, his party remains dedicated to the alliance with Germany, and the German military and diplomatic missions remain pragmatic towards him.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1892, in Mačiuliškės, Vilna Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BLR_branislau_taraskievic_desc_body$ As such, it was no surprise that when the opportunity presented itself, he and the Hramada defected to the Third Internationale, working with them to continue their work towards a democratic and socialist Belarusian People's Republic.§!
Mikola Abramčyk
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 16th, 1903, in Syčavičy, Vilna Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhen the Belarusian People's Republic declared its independence, Mikola Abramčyk was only fourteen years old, but he was soon involved in national politics in 1921 as a representative from Vileyka, but continued his education in 1924 at the Belarusian State University. As an active member of the Association of Belarusian Student Organisations, Abramčyk became a member of the Belarusian Party of Socialist-Federalists as a close associate and protégé of Vasil Zacharka. After earning a degree in engineering and economics, he was involved in the All-Belarusian Congress of Trade Unions while further splitting his time with prolific writing and reading. After 1930, he was involved with Belarusian migrant workers in Germany and, in 1932, he founded the Union of Belarusian Emigrant Workers and published the Bulletin of Belarusian Workers in Germany. There, he made his anti-communard sentiments very clear and made sure to limit the influence of the Third Internationale within the Belarusian labour movement.\n\nWhile a relatively young face in Belarusian politics, few can deny his activity within the Belarusian national and labour movements as a writer, teacher, and politician. What is certain is that he is likely to have a very long political career.§!
Adam Stankievič
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 6th, 1882, in Arlianiaty, Vilna Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAdam Vikienćjevič Stankievič was ordained a Catholic priest in Vilnius in 1914. During his studies at the Petrograd Roman Catholic Theological Academy, he became a member of the Belarusian Circle, a group of Belarusian Catholic students there, and he would become one of the founders of Belarusian Christian Democracy (BKhD) in 1917. He became one of the leaders of the Belarusian community in Lithuania, becoming widely respected for his tireless charity work.\n\nAt the 4th Congress of the BKhD in December 1931, he was elected member of its central committee and became involved in politics in White Ruthenia. There, he helped strengthen the National-Democratic Association as Christian Democracy gained a stronger voterbase, working with the informal Orthodox wing of the movement, the Peasants' Union (not to be confused with the Peasant Party), presenting an increasingly valid opposition to the political hegemony of the Hramada.\n\nIt took many years, but the National-Democratic Association was finally able to dislodge the Peasants' and Workers' Hramada from power for the first time since 1925. In a way, this is a victory for Belarusian democracy as a proof of its health, and Stankievič played a key part. It appears that the esteemed priest will be leading the Belarusian people towards further prosperity with his dedication to humanitarianism and the well-being of his people.§!
Radasłaŭ Astroŭski
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 25th, 1887, in Zapolle, Minsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRadasłaŭ Kazimiravič Astroŭski is no stranger to revolution, having participated in the 1905 Revolution, getting arrested in 1911 for revolutionary unrest, and serving the Russian Provisional Government after the February Revolution of 1917. Like many early Belarusian nationalists, he worked to secure his nation's autonomy within the Russian Republic, but loudly decried the October Revolution and became an early proponent for the independence of the Belarusian People's Republic (BNR) as a delegate to the All-Belarusian Congress of December 1917.\n\nAfter volunteering for military service after the creation of the Belarusian People's Army, he worked for the People's Ministry of Education for most of the '20s, joining the Peasants' and Workers' Hramada. During this time, while initially seeming to drift towards the left-wing of the bloc, he soon found himself alienated as it grew closer to the rhetoric of the Third Internationale. By 1936, his views had shifted dramatically and he had become an outspoken member of the bloc's right-wing, criticising the growth of Syndicalist influence within the Hramada as dangerous and foreign.\n\nNow, his time in the Hramada has become irrelevant as they refused to heed his warnings. After coming into conflict with the chairman of the Hramada, Branisłaŭ Taraškievič, Astroŭski began to work against them behind the scenes, knowing that the BSDP wouldn't be dislodged by legal means, organising the group of dissident politicians and army officers that would become the Belarusian Central Rada after overthrowing the Taraškievič government. While the coup had mixed results, it has become clear that the Hramada is no longer a threat to the nation, saved from a dangerous Syndicalist plot. It remains to be seen whether the Chairman of the Central Rada can truly bring order and stability to White Ruthenia.§!
Vacłaŭ Łastoŭski
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 9th, 1883, in Kalieśniki, Vilna Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LVacłaŭ Justynavič Łastoŭski is one of the most prominent Belarusian nationalists and a long-time member of the Belarusian national movement. His involvement reaches back to 1906 when he first joined the Belarusian Socialist Hramada and was editor of the association's newspaper \
Werner Kempf
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 9th, 1886, in Königsberg, Province of East Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWerner Kempf is neither a friend or foe of the Belarusians. He is a Prussian officer through and through, and his objective is simple: Prepare White Ruthenia for an invasion from the East. As much of the country must be mobilised for the war effort as possible before it is too late, else the Russians will punch through a weak link in the Ostwall and pour west between Polesia and the Baltic. Kempf has no concern for the people there; the Central Rada can handle internal affairs, and his priority is the military situation, and he expects the White Ruthenians to cooperate as much as possible. After all, their survival depends on the German Army; neither they nor he can afford to lose.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 9th, 1886, in Königsberg, Province of East Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Kanstancin Jezavitaŭ
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1893, in Dźvinsk, Vitebsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Cimafiej Chviedčenia
§YBorn:§! §LJune 9th, 1893, in Zaravichi, Minsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Mikola Dziamidaŭ
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 9th, 1889, in Haradok, Grodno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Vital Kazloŭ
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 18th, 1903, in Zagorodnie, Mogilev Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Paval Žaŭryd
§YBorn:§! §LJune 13th, 1889, in Tyatserivka, Minsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Anton Boryk
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 7th, 1894, in Svila, Vilna Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Anton Sokal-Kutyloŭski
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 7th, 1892, in Pieravaloki-Darahišča, Minsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Paval Vent
§YBorn:§! §LJune 17th, 1880, in Krynitsa, Minsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Francišak Kušal
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 16th, 1895, in Piaršai, Minsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Hasan Kanapacki
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 25th, 1879, in Miensk, Minsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Jan Sierada
§YBorn:§! §LMay 13th, 1879, in Zadzvieja, Minsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Anton Luckievič
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 29th, 1884, in Šiauliai, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Alaksandar Ćvikievič
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1888, in Bieraście, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Arsienij Paŭliukievič
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Slutsk, Minsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Arkadź Smolič
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 29th, 1891, in Batsevichi, Minsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Emieryk Huten-Čapski
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 21st, 1897, in Stankovo, Minsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Jazep Dyła
§YBorn:§! §LApril 2nd, 1880, in Slutsk, Minsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Maksim Harecki
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 6th, 1893, in Małaja Bahaćkaŭka, Mogliev Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Jazep Liosik
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 18th, 1884, in Mikalajeŭščyna, Minsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Moše Hutman
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 21st, 1883, in Vepri, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Paluta Badunova
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 21st, 1891, in Navabelitsa, Mogilev Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Symon Rak-Michajloŭski
§YBorn:§! §LApril 2nd, 1885, in Maksimovka, Vilna Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Uladzimir Ksianievič
§YBorn:§! §LJune 1894, in Albertyn, Grodno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Vincent Hadleŭski
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 16th, 1888, in Porozowo, Grodno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Raman Skirmunt
§YBorn:§! §LMay 7th, 1868, in Parechcha, Minsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Anton Aŭsianik
§YBorn:§! §LJune 13th, 1888, in Kobyle, Minsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Military Central Council
§YFounded:§! §LNovember 1917, in Miensk, Minsk Governorate, Russian Republic§!
Andrej Jackubiecki
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1892, in Sukhmeni, Grodno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Ivan Helda
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 28th, 1897, in Wiercholesie, Grodno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Makar Kraŭcoŭ
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 18th, 1891, in Bobrovnia, Grodno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Jaŭhien Ladnoŭ
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 7th, 1880, in Dvinsk, Vitebsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
