Australasia Focus Tree
Australia
Australian
Australia
Australian Union
the Australian Union
Australian Union
the Australian Union
Australian Union
the Australian Union
Republic of Australia
the Republic of Australia
Republic of Australia
the Republic of Australia
Republic of Australia
the Republic of Australia
Republic of Australia
the Republic of Australia
Republic of Australia
the Republic of Australia
Republic of Australia
the Republic of Australia
Australian Republic
the Republic of Australia
Commonwealth of Australia
the Commonwealth of Australia
Commonwealth of Australia
the Commonwealth of Australia
Commonwealth of Australia
the Commonwealth of Australia
Commonwealth of Australia
the Commonwealth of Australia
Commonwealth of Australia
the Commonwealth of Australia
Commonwealth of Australia
the Commonwealth of Australia
Australian Commonwealth
the Commonwealth of Australia
Australasia
Australasian
Australasia
Australasian Union
the Australasian Union
Australasian Union
the Australasian Union
Australasian Union
the Australasian Union
Republic of Australasia
the Republic of Australasia
Republic of Australasia
the Republic of Australasia
Republic of Australasia
the Republic of Australasia
Republic of Australasia
the Republic of Australasia
Republic of Australasia
the Republic of Australasia
Republic of Australasia
the Republic of Australasia
Republic of Australasia
the Republic of Australasia
Australasia
Australasian
Australasia
Australasian Confederation
the Australasian Confederation
Australasian Confederation
the Australasian Confederation
Australasian Confederation
the Australasian Confederation
Australasian Confederation
the Australasian Confederation
Australasian Confederation
the Australasian Confederation
Australasian Confederation
the Australasian Confederation
Australasian Confederation
the Australasian Confederation
Maximists
Maximist Party of Australasia
Socialists
Australasian Socialist Party
Labor Left
Australasian Labor Party (Left Wing)
Syndicalists
Syndicalist Party of Australasia
Labor Party
Australasian Labor Party
Lang Labor
Australasian Labor Party (Anti-Syndicalist)
Country Party
Australasian Country Party
UAP
United Australasia Party
National Party
Australasian National Party
AFM
Australasia First Movement
Centre Party
Centre Party
Australasian Guard
Australasian Guard
Revolution in Australasia
Claimed Our Territory
Distanced
Has held 1936 election
Has held 1939 election
the conscription plebiscite has failed
Has held first ACTU congress
Has made a demand for territory within the last six months
Has already received a trade mission
Syndicalists have split off from the Labor Party\n
New trade deals will be sought with other Entente countries\n
New trade deals will be sought with non-Entente countries\n
The mothballed part of the fleet will be brought back into service, a process which could take six months or more\n
The mothballed part of the fleet will be abandoned and scrapped\n
Army reforms will take approximately six months, at which point the malus will be removed and replaced with a bonus\n
If the coup fails, we may end up at war with §Y[AST.GetName]§!\n
New Zealand will soon rebel from §Y[AST.GetName]§!, supported by the Australasian Guard\n
A number of our ships have joined §Y[NZL.GetName]§!
All future elections will be suspended\n
New Zealand state will hold a referendum on whether or not to secede from §Y[AST.GetName]§!
Amalgamated Wireless Australasia
Broken Hill Proprietary Company Ltd.
Commonwealth Oil Refineries
Lysaght's Works
Colonial Ammunition Company
Royal Australian Artillery
Holden
Victorian Railways
Ford Australasia
New South Wales Government Railways
Confederation Aircraft Corporation
Government Aircraft Factories
de Havilland Australia
Cockatoo Island Naval Dockyard
Walkers Limited
Vickers-Armstrong Australasia
RAAF
AAF
RAN
AN
Oversized Fleet
In the chaotic aftermath of Britain's downfall, many ships fled to Australasia to find refuge - far more than could be maintained in the country's meagre ports. Even with many ships mothballed, it still is too much for Australia to handle. A solution needs to be found.
Upgrading Naval Reserve
Economic Depression
Australasia's economy was never particularly strong, and the aftermath of the Weltkrieg has only made it much, much worse. Opportunity is not present, and people cannot find jobs. Radicalisation is beginning to take root across the country as more extreme solutions begin to be considered.
Recovering From Depression
$AST_depression_1_desc$
Bled Dry
We gave everything we had in the Weltkrieg and then some, and it shows. Nearly everybody knew someone who died far from home for a war that meant nothing in the end and have no desire to see such a thing happen again, not unless it is absolutely necessary.
ANZAC Spirit
During the Weltkrieg, the Australian and New Zealanders were the most aggressive, and managed to keep their form in spite of their questionable discipline. Out of the line they were undoubtedly difficult to handle, but once in it they loved a fight. They were a curious mixture of toughness and sentimentality.
New Unrest
Maori Act Passed
British Advisors
Economy Liberalised
Privatisation Efforts
Government Reforms
Australasian Research Council
Pacific Navy Focus
Defensive Navy Focus
Australasian Shipbuilding Board
Aviation Industry
The New ANZAC
Path of Defence
Anderson Doctrine
Crushing Syndicalists
Dedication to the Empire
Australasian Guard Officers
Rouse the Masses
Laissez Faire Reforms
The New Plan
Rising Power
Army Purged
Army Loyal
Empowering the ACTU
Cementing the Revolution
Triumphant Revolution
ASRC
Worker Unity
State-Controlled Economy
Industrial Resurgence
Social Reforms
Strengthening AFM Control
Pro-AFM Propaganda
[AST.GetNameDefCap] First
Fortress Australasia
State-Controlled Economy
Massive Strikes
Loosening of Censorship Laws
[AST.GetAdjective] Unity
Birdwood Policies Maintained
Syndicalist Suppression
Birdwood Policies Rescinded
Compromises with Union Leaders
Pacified Labour Conflict
Rejuvenated Parliamentary Powers
Loyal Subject
Republican Constitution
A Democratic Australasia
Democracy prevails in Australasia and, for the moment, power remains in the hands of parliament and thus the people. The challenges facing the nation are many, however, and freedom could all too easily slip from our hands if we are not careful.
Freedom of the Press
To better maintain its grip on the population, Birdwood's regime introduced censorship laws in 1926. Rescinding those laws is all but expected, now that the nation is once again democratic... though it has been a long time since Australasian newspapers have felt free to speak their mind. Hopefully they will remember who loosened their chains.
Question of the Unions
In the aftermath of the Melbourne Commune, trade unions were made illegal. While many are sceptical of their ideology, the continued draconian enforcement of Birdwood's policies is decidedly unpopular, and thus we must decide whether the unions have a place in modern Australasian society.
Lift Martial Law
Since the nation's formation, Australasia has in effect been under martial law. Now with democracy restored and power in the hands of Parliament, the government is in a position to restore civil liberties in Australasia.
Suppress the Syndicalists
The decision is clear: syndicalism is the greatest threat facing the nation, and thus the Australasian Council of Trade Unions must be suppressed with all force. Since the unions have fallen under the sway of these radicals, there can be no compromise.
Compromise With Labor
The time has come to recognise that Australasia's labour troubles are larger than the syndicalist radicals who try to stir up trouble. There are union leaders with whom we can negotiate, and in time it may be possible to work out a solution that makes for a fairer society as well as cuts the legs out from under the radicals.
Call For Unity
With the 1939 elections done and democracy having proven itself to be an enduring force in Australasia, the time has come to call on the people of Australasia to pull together and put past conflicts behind them. We must move forward as a nation, a single force that marches bravely into the new world.
The Labor Threat is Over
We have endured more than our fair share of labour conflict in the 20th Century, and the time has come to put that chapter of our history to a close.
The Maori Act
Much of the land owned by Maori in New Zealand is economically unproductive. Many are suggesting we turn these barren locations into fruitful sites of industry and commerce. The people of New Zealand are largely opposed to these proposals, however, and want Maori rights to these lands be guaranteed by law. A decision must soon be made as to which we consider more important.
Long Live the King!
The time has come to re-dedicate ourselves to the British Commonwealth and our place within it. While there are those who might suggest turning our backs on the crown, we say that we are now and shall always be a loyal subject of the King. Long live the Confederation!
Increase British Ties
While we are no longer in need of direct rule by the British, we would be fools not to realise our future depends heavily on their aid. Let us ask for advisors to help forward our military research efforts, so that we may be a better part of the Entente alliance.
Become a Republic
It is true that we began as a colony of the British, and we will forever owe our origins to the Motherland. We cannot, however, ignore the heavy hand which the British have employed in our nation... and neither can our people. The time has come to respectfully disengage our political system from the trappings of parliamentary rule and become a republic in full.
A New Constitution
Becoming a republic has meant the raising of many questions regarding procedure and the rights of the individual citizen. The Australasian constitution will need to be re-written, and we can take this opportunity to forge the kind of government which will take us into the next century and beyond.
We March Forward
Let us celebrate our status as a free and just society, an Australasia that exists for all its citizens and which leaves none of them behind.
Victory for the Syndicalists
We have had to wrest victory from the hands of the capitalists, no longer will Australasians be expected to risk their lives to make this country a paradise for a few hundred, or a few thousand greedy, selfish millionaire families! Now the revolution has come to Australasia and we will not let our chance go to waste!
Purge the Army
The first threat we face is from within: the army is replete with monarchist supporters and those who would stand against the workers. Even if it means a time of readjustment, we must reform the military and sack any and all of its leaders who refuse to support us.
Invite British Advisors
If there is a Britain to whom we should be loyal, let it be to the one who controls the home isles. The crown might call them traitors, but they are the British people! How can they betray themselves? Let us invite the Union of Britain to join us in marching together towards a new future.
Empower the ACTU
The Australasian Council of Trade Unions saw us to this point, sheltered the activists and the labour leaders even as they were being hunted down by the police. Now we shall lift them up and give them the power they deserve, a place to oversee the future and well-being of the Australasian worker.
The Syndicalists Restore Order
It has been a difficult road, but now the chaos must end. No more demonstrations, no more violence that cuts off our own nose to spite our face. The path forward lies with the revolution, and the nation must now face that fact.
The Syndicalist Congress
The ACTU Congress has seen the syndicalists remain in command. With our future clear, let us plan out future progress for the nation.
Establish the ASRC
The Australasian Syndicalist Revolutionary Council will oversee the implementation of our policies throughout the nation, changing the lives of every ordinary citizen... and also ensuring that no upstart radicals and monarchists gain a foothold in places of power. True freedom requires vigilance!
Unite the Workers
So many decades of brainwashing have left many of the nation's workers unable to tell what truly lies in their own interests. We must make a concerted effort to re-educate and win them over to the syndicalist cause. The workers of Australasia must be united as a single force!
The Totalist Congress
The ACTU Congress has seen the Maximists take their rightful place as captains of the revolution. Now it is time to stride forward and plot out our nation's future progress.
Socialisation of the Nation
Charting the economic future of the nation and its workers means we are prepared to exercise most vigorous and far-reaching control over the economy, to ensure that what is produced is exactly what the country needs.
Mobilise the Revolution
The workers of Australasia need to understand that holding onto their rights means defending the revolution. Indeed, we must export the revolution elsewhere. It is only when the workers of the entire world are free that we will be able to relax our guard.
The New Business Leaders
There is a curious perception that only capitalism can see civilian industry progress, and we must dispel that archaic notion. Business leaders must either be re-educated, or they must be put aside, as true productivity lies in the hands of the nation's workers.
Progress in Industry
Australasia will make a great leap forward in its industrial capacity, so that production and distribution will be developed in an orderly manner to ensure that our people could enjoy a steadily rising standard in material and cultural conditions.
The Southern Bulwark of Socialism
From the early days of British settlement, [ROOT.GetNonIdeologyName] has had a rebel heritage. Seeded with the finest Chartists, Fenians, and other dissidents against the crown, we have long struggled against bourgeois authority. The Eureka Stockade was a triumph of working class rebellion that remains an immortal symbol over 80 years on. Above Trades Hall in Melbourne, the red flag has flown longer continuously than over any other building in the world. In Queensland, the first ever government of a labor party took office. With the completion of the revolution, [ROOT.GetNonIdeologyName] now proudly takes its place among the community of socialist nations, a place long destined for it under the southern stars.
Victory for the AFM
The people have spoken, and now it is time for Australasia to turn its back on a history of colonial oversight and cruelty. No longer will we fight wars in distant lands that shed Australasian blood to no good purpose. Our destiny is our own, and we will not waste this opportunity!
Seize Total Control
The first step in restoring order is in eliminating the endless debate and controversy that surrounds parliament. The AFM requires total control in order to enact its mandate, and if that means ending elections to impose much-needed reforms on the nation, then so be it! Rights and procedures can be re-introduced at a later date, once Australasia has been transformed.
Focus on Propaganda
There are far too many voices in the crowds who would seek to tear down our efforts before they even begin. We must sell the message of the AFM across the nation and win over even those who did not vote for us in the election.
Cut Ties with the Crown
Memories of Gallipoli still run strong in Australasia, and cries of 'never again!' are not enough. We must cut ties with the British not only in terms of our government, but also with our economy and our military alliances. Our nation must stand on its own, and from this day forth we will never again send our sires to the slaughter in a war of European Imperialism.
The AFM Restores Order
It has been a difficult road, but now the chaos must end. No more demonstrations, no more violence that cuts off our own nose to spite our face. The path forward lies with the AFM, and the nation must now face that fact.
New Social Reforms
The old Imperialist 'democratic' government never pushed nor strived for true equality, one where the women and minorities stand side by side with the rest of their countrymen to help build a future for us all. We will demonstrate what a truly free Australasia looks like.
End White Australasia
The White Australasia policy began with the Immigration Restriction Act of 1901 but didn't end there, and encompasses laws enacted specifically to ensure non-Europeans had a difficult time emigrating to the nation. The time has come to dismantle these laws, even if some people might not like it. Australasia needs to grow, and it must do so as a free society.
The Monarchist Officers
The military is filled with officers loyal to the monarchist regime, and the time has come to remove them from their posts. It will mean a difficult transition period, but we need a military that is committed to Australasia and Australasia alone, not one where the threat of British interference or even a coup remains dangling over the head of our leaders like the Sword of Damocles.
Fortress Australasia
Our nation must have strong borders, an unassailable island that no enemy would dare to invade. We must be a tower of strength and prove to the rest of the world that we have no need of British protection - only the seas and the determination of our fearless soldiers.
Enact the State Economy
Unfettered capitalism is what led to our sorry state, and thus new laws must be enacted to ensure that the Australasian economy is guided by the government and a single principle: that it work towards the betterment of us all.
The New Trade Office
Australasian trade practices are littered with the remnants of our colonial past: bureaucrats who are all too used to providing favouritism to the Commonwealth instead of seeking fair deals and profits. We must clear them out and forge a new trade office that puts our own nation and the good of its people ahead of an old boys' network that is a relic of the past.
On Our Own
We have no need of allies - Australasia is a nation that will stand on its own and assume a position of neutrality and strength.
Ties With Japan
If we are to look for closer ties to a power closer to home, we need look no further than the mighty nation of Japan to the north. With the White Australasia policy ended, we have demonstrated our willingness to view Asian neighbours with an equal eye... and now we must entreat them to look on us as a place where business can be done.
United We Stand
Let us celebrate our status as a free and just republic, no longer under the yoke of colonial masters and subject to their endless wars and cruelty. We stand united in a hostile world, boldly marching into the future with no-one to tell us otherwise.
Victory for the Guard
Australasia faces many grave dangers - foreign powers that would see us ground down, syndicalists who lie to our workers and would see our nation plunged into chaos. We will not abandon our traditions and our history for the sake of flashy revolution. Order must be maintained for the sake of all Australasians, and we will see our nation shine like never before!
Create the Secret Police
The problem with the old governments is that they were unwilling to do what needed to be done in order to secure Australasia's safety - and that means watching the people carefully for any signs of syndicalist activism and revolt. Notions of freedom are quaint, but they pale in comparison to the needs of security.
Reaffirm the Entente Alliance
There are some within the Commonwealth who would look on our actions and wonder, but we must reaffirm that we are doing this for the greater good. We do not wish to fall prey to the same mistakes that led to the loss of the Home Isles, and we will show them that we wish to be a strong and effective ally in the fight to come.
Crush the Syndicalists
There must be no mercy shown to the syndicalists. The way they have entranced the common man, leading them into actions which only endanger us all, must come to an immediate end. We shall have strength and common purpose, and it will come through the shedding of blood.
The Australasian Guard Restores Order
It has been a difficult road, but now the chaos must end. No more demonstrations, no more violence that cuts off our own nose to spite our face. The path forward lies with the Australasian Guard and with tradition, and the nation must now face that fact.
We Need Loyal Officers
So many experienced officers from the Weltkrieg have been put aside, shown the door despite all the loyalty they have shown to our king and country. It is time to bring them back and show once and for all that dedication to the nation's well-being is the first and primary qualification for leading our troops.
Rouse the Masses
The people of Australasia are asleep, lulled into a false sense of safety by the thought that they do not have to fight, that wars in distant lands have no bearing on their future. We will dispel that notion, by force if we must. They must all stand, for the king and for country, and the world shall hear us roar!
The Royal Advisors
We intend to be good allies, and to that end we should invite more advisors to see us through the tough times ahead. Let us lean on our allies as they would lean on us.
A Renewed Call to Arms
If the Home Isles are to be secured, if the tyranny of syndicalism is to be stopped in its tracks, we must awaken our sense of pride and strength and enlist for the battle to come. Remember Gallipoli, yes, but remember it as a sacrifice to honour and as a baptism in fire which has forged our nation. We will all make such sacrifices in the years to come.
Laissez Faire Reforms
The socialist urge to restrict and regulate has put a stranglehold on our economy. The time has come to undo those policies and see the corporations of Australasia grow as they were meant to.
The New Plan for Australasia
We will offer a new deal to the people of our nation: the right to have a job, the right to rise as far as they are capable, the right to work for a better future... so long as it does not come at the expense of our traditions or at the expense of our security. These are our watchwords, and they will give us comfort just as they give us prosperity.
A Rising Power
We are not declaring our independence from the Empire - far from it. We are, however, asserting ourselves as a regional power within that Empire. Australasia is a strong nation, and a confident member of the Entente, with interests of its own even as they serve those of the king. This is our path forward.
To Serve the Empire
We hereby affirm that Australasia's path lies with that of the king and the Commonwealth. We are, now and forever more, a loyal member of the Empire and will seek to defend it both here at home as well as elsewhere in the world. Together we will find our path to freedom and true security.
The Future is Ours
Let us celebrate our hard-won survival and victory, a proud member of the Commonwealth and a bastion against the predations of syndicalism and tyranny. Blood has been shed for this day, and we must honour it, and recognise that all has been fought to provide Australasia a future of which she can be proud.
State of the Economy
The Australasian economy has been suffering from a severe depression for the last five years. We must assess where opportunities lie and prepare our industry to be properly expanded if we're to have any hope of pulling ourselves out of this quagmire.
Liberalise the Economy
The solution to our economies woes is to liberalise our laws - allow more access for foreign investors, as well as reduce the amount of regulations which stifle our business sectors.
Privatise the Failing Public Sector
Almost all of the publicly-owned companies are doing poorly, suffering from mismanagement and even corruption. Rather than revise their practices, perhaps it's best to put them back in the hands of the private sector where they can be run by proper businessmen rather than bureaucrats.
Reform the Bureaucracy
The main problem facing our economy is the sheer magnitude of the governmental bureaucracy, laden down by archaic rules and focused on colonial exploitation rather than efficiency. We need a modern government which can respond to issues before they can turn into the catastrophe which faces us now, not well after.
The New Railways
Expansion of the railroad system throughout the east will not only give our mining sectors a shot in the arm, but also provide much-needed employment for a great number of people.
Urban Expansion
Australasia's cities are already growing rapidly - we must enact policies which will encourage the migration of people from the rural areas into urban ones. If our industrial base is to grow, it will need a ready source of workers ready to man the factories.
Wealth of the Antipodes
Australia and New Zealand both have massive, untapped resources which need only to be found and properly exploited. Ours is a dominion of mineral wealth which few other countries can hope to compare to... or, at least, it could be.
Seek New Markets
Rather than stick to our traditional trade partners, perhaps we should make an effort to find other countries that would make for a ready home for Australasian goods? America, Japan, Germany... really, the list is almost endless, and surely remaining solely within the Commonwealth is what has gotten us into our current mess?
Trade With the Commonwealth
The Commonwealth is where our trade currently lies, and there is plenty more we could do to ensure these bonds become even stronger. We must seek out new trade agreements within the Empire, so that even as we grow stronger so will they.
End of the Depression
Finally we have pulled ourselves out of the doldrums of depression. Australasia can march into the future, its economy a shining example for others to follow.
The New Industrial Act
A large number of our outdated rules actually hinder industrial growth. A new law should be introduced to remove those impediments and arrange a system of incentives to companies which will erect large-scale factories in our cities.
Industrialise the South
Southern Australasia has lagged behind the more cosmopolitan regions in New South Wales, and a campaign should be initiated to promote the south to catch up.
Australasian Armaments
Up until now, most armaments have been imported from the rest of the Commonwealth. The rise of a proper armament industry will require a great deal of planning and funding, but it is absolutely necessary for the nation's future.
Fund the Munitions Plants
Our soldiers' guns and our pilots' planes won't do very much without bullets and bombs. We must start encouraging the growth of a real munitions industry in Australasia.
Get our Men Back at Work
Our nation encompasses vast swaths of open land and crossing them is the most important part of encouraging economic growth. A recent commission promises that a state-funded programme to ensure every Australasian is employed in the construction of new infrastructure could last us for decades, if not more.
Seek New Resources
All these new roads and railroads have opened up parts of the country to prospectors and mining developers. We should encourage them with incentives.
The Australasian Research Council
Technological advancement will be the cornerstone of our future success. A recent [Root.AST_AppendRoyalAdjective]commission has advised the government to establish a department to ensure such research is coordinated across the country.
Expand the Council
Rather than rely on outside assistance, our focus should be on expanding the ARC and ensuring that it has access to the best scientists Australasia can offer.
Focus on Radar
If Australasia faces an invasion, it will come from across the sea. Thus, we should invest heavily into new radar technologies, and build watch stations along the coast.
Focus on Computers
Computer technology is in its infancy, but already we can see the benefits it offers to encryption and decryption efforts. Australasia needs to stay ahead of this, or our enemies will end up knowing our moves long before we do.
A National University
It is important to remember that scholarly pursuits are needed to maintain our position. Generous funding increases to the National University in Canberra will allow us to educate the masses and become a beacon of new research.
Increased Research Funding
Our research investments to date have paid off - it is time to increase our rate of advancement, to keep pace with the larger nations in the world.
New Minds in Australasia
Australasia has become a great power in the world. We must assemble these new minds in our universities and put them to work advancing our nation.
The Advanced Rocketry Division
The future lies in the development of rocket engines - both for our air force as well as for the development of new and powerful weapons that operate at a speed never before achievable.
New Oil Exploration
Australia and New Zealand have considerable oil reserves, though they are largely contained in offshore and shale deposits. Accessing those deposits, however, should be a priority for our government.
Radium Hill Uranium
The Radium Hill uranium mine gives us an advantage in the nuclear arms race that few other countries possess: a ready supply of the resource, to use - or not to use - as we desire.
State of the [Root.AST_GetNavyName]
During the Weltkrieg, the Royal Australian Navy was a small force that consisted of only a few small ships, and plans were to decommission even these as soon as the war ended. With the British Pacific Fleet having fled to our ports, we found ourselves in possession of a fleet that far outstrips our ability to properly manage them. This is our first and foremost issue.
Upgrade Naval Facilities
Our port facilities have grown, but so far we have nothing that can effectively maintain and repair our oversized fleet. Investments must be made into our naval infrastructure at once.
Establish the Naval Academy
It is not enough simply to have ships in our fleet - we must train our captains and admirals in the newest methods of naval warfare, to make each one of our vessels worth three of our enemy's.
Rebuild Cockatoo Island
Cockatoo Island in Sydney Harbour has been the most important shipyard in Australasia since the mid-1800s. It should be refitted and expanded to accommodate more and larger vessels.
Overhaul the [Root.AST_GetNavyName]
Our efforts have paid off, and now the [Root.AST_GetNavyName] has the skill and capacity to properly manage the Pacific Fleet without aid from the British. Australasia is now a contender for naval supremacy in the region.
Upgrade the Reserves
Many of the Pacific Fleet's ships were mothballed after the Weltkrieg ended, as we simply did not have the sailors to man them. While the ships are old, they are still serviceable, and with a concerted effort they could be put back into service and make our fleet even more powerful than it is.
A Navy for the Pacific
Our future naval efforts should focus on increasing the range of our ships and keeping them in top combat form. If they will be fighting, after all, chances are very good that they will be fighting far from home.
The [Root.AST_GetRoyalOrRepublican] Marines
First and foremost in our offensive naval capabilities is our ability to land on foreign shores with the [Root.AST_GetRoyalOrRepublican] Marines. This must be a fighting force like no other, supported by the most advanced transport vessels the navy can provide.
Our Fleet's Foundation
Our fleet of destroyers and submarines will always form the backbone of our navy, defending our trade routes just as they attack those of our enemies.
Masters of the Sea
Powerful battleships will make sure our naval superiority is permanent, and that we are able to project our power well beyond our borders.
Scrap the Reserves
Almost half of the larger ships in the Pacific Fleet were mothballed after the Weltkrieg ended, as we simply did not have the sailors to man them. While the ships could be brought back online, the cost of doing so is prohibitive, and thus the decision has been made to abandon them entirely and focus on what we already have in service.
A Navy for Our Defence
Our future naval efforts should focus on keeping our ships close to home, and instead focusing on their speed and defensive abilities. Ours is not an expeditionary force, after all, but one intended to guard our coasts and keep us safe from seaborne invasion.
Submarine Focus
Submarines are an excellent way to disrupt enemy convoys. We should construct as many as possible.
Destroyer Focus
Destroyers are effective at destroying enemy submarines. We should ensure our shipping is safe by constructing as many of these as possible.
Man the Coasts
Foremost on our minds should be the possibility that, one day, and enemy might land forces on our shores. Just because it hasn't happened yet doesn't mean it never will, and we must prepare for that day by fortifying our coastal cities as heavily as we can.
The Australasian Shipbuilding Board
Most shipbuilding facilities in Australasia are sorely out of date. They must be updated and expanded, ready to expand our fleet.
Expand the Dockyards
We are finally in a position to expand our shipbuilding capabilities far beyond where they once were.
Further Expand the Dockyards
We are finally in a position to expand our shipbuilding capabilities far beyond where they once were.
State of the [Root.AST_GetAirForceName]
In truth, there has really been no [AST_AppendRoyalAdjectiveCap]Australasian Air Force to speak of, and our current planes are barely sufficient in number to guard our own skies never mind project air superiority elsewhere. Considering that the wars of the future will be fought in the air, the government is determined that this must soon change.
New Pilot Training
The first step in rebuilding our air force is the creation of an air academy, one which can train our future airmen for the battles to come.
Expand Archerfield
Archerfield air base in Queensland is our largest base in the north, and the one that will be best used to project our air power over the entire northern coast. In any situation where we are fighting a potential invader, this is the base that will be most useful for own defence.
The Aviation Industry
Building our air force will require expanding and organising our factories for this sole purpose.
Build New Fighters
As part of our campaign to rule the skies, we should invest resources in our fighters.
CAS Focus
Close air support allows us to strafe enemy units during battles with frightening accuracy, giving us a large edge on our opponents.
Build New Bombers
As part of our campaign to support the army from the air, we should invest resources in our bombers.
Naval Bomber Focus
Naval Bombers allow us to destroy enemy navies without risking our own ships. We should build as many of these as possible if our navy is small or busy elsewhere.
The Air Observer Corps
Our focus should not only be on taking to the skies, but on increasing our defence against those who would take to the skies against us.
The Women's Auxiliary
A full half of our population is better used in the war effort than sitting at home. Aircraft maintenance, the signal corps and other related tasks will be turned over to women.
Expand Northern Presence
With our cities mostly on the east and west coasts of the island, Australasia's northern frontier lacks the proper defence or preparation in case of invasion or attack. New military structures in that area will be welcome.
Expand the Aviation Industry
Building our air force will require expanding and organising our factories for this sole purpose.
Rule the Southern Skies
Our primary focus is on our air force - the Confederation must recognise where its strength lies and maximise its effectiveness.
State of the Army
Our ground forces must be a new priority, promoting those generals who can bring the greatest benefit and reforming their methods for the sake of the nation.
Modernise the Artillery
Australasia's artillery mostly dates from the Weltkrieg. We must modernise our artillery unless we wish our soldiers to be eviscerated without proper support.
Relics of the Weltkrieg
Our infantry's equipment is old, very old. Most of it saw service during the Weltkrieg, and some sets have been around even longer than that. We must equip our army with modern gear, or else we will not stand a chance in another war.
Clarify ANZAC
The Australian and New Zealand Army Corps has a long and proud history as one of the best fighting forces in the Empire. Its methods are dated, however, and we should consider carefully what its approach will be going into this new era of warfare.
The War Effort
Our recruitment practices are outdated - it is time to revise them, and at the same time put out a new call for enlisted soldiers.
Invest in Victory
We must work together as a nation, indeed politicians from across all ideological spectrums must pull together if we are to see victory in the days to come!
The New ANZAC
Our army is the core of our defence, and emergency measures must be passed to ensure they have access to the best equipment and the best personnel that we can possibly provide. When our enemies see the ANZAC symbol, they should know they face among the very best soldiers the world has to offer.
Focus on Mobility
The quality of our forces do not matter half so much as their mobility. This is a new era, and tactics of encirclement and reach are far more vital to victory than ever before. This must be the focus on Australasia's military future.
The Sentinel Project
Mobility does not mean simply building tanks - there is also the question of mobilising our infantry units, by building mechanised transport which will get them to the front quickly.
Focus on Quality
We do not have the industrial capacity for a large or armoured force. Instead we must focus on keeping Australasia's army small yet well-equipped and well-trained. Size is not as important as quality!
The Australasian Catering Corps
Ours is a treacherous land, and it is our military engineers, medics and maintenance companies that often keep entire units alive and on the move. However, as our army expands, so too must our support companies. They are the backbone of our operations, after all.
New Officer Training
The training of our officer corps needs updating - the methods of warfare are progressing faster than anyone could possibly hope to keep pace, and yet we must try.
Small Unit Tactics
It is becoming increasingly apparent that small and very specialised military units are what our armed forces most desperately need.
Bring on the Mountaineers
Australasia is a land of rugged terrain, one that can provide soldiers skilled at fighting in the harshest environments around the world. We must take advantage of this at once.
Z Special Unit
Military advisors have been suggesting the creation of an expert unit of our best commandos, armed with the latest technology. Designated 'Z Special Unit', they will be a shining example of all the nation has to offer.
Focus on Urban Combat
Our forces will engage in combat in modern cities, and we must adjust our tactics to match.
Focus on Jungle Combat
The southern Pacific and Southeast Asia are full of jungles and little more. If this is a field we expect to fight on, then we must prepare our units to fight in them. Special bases should be constructed to that effect in the northern reaches of Queensland, where our jungles are at their most dense.
Focus on Defence
Any attempt to project our military power beyond our borders is doomed to bring little more than grief. Our focus, as a nation, should be on our own defence.
Fortify the Cities
Building up the defences of our cities is the best way to ensure we are on superior ground, should the enemy ever bring their forces to our doorstep.
Increase the Reserves
Conscription laws have been enacted, but they are insufficient. In the name of our defence, we must see to it that everyone takes part in defending king and country.
Enact the Anderson Doctrine
Former Admiral David Murray Anderson has long called for a renewed commitment to completing what he was unable to in 1925: the reclamation and protection of the British territories in Asia and the Pacific. While dangerously revanchist, this 'Anderson Doctrine' is fast gaining in popularity.
Join the Internationale
The time has come to take our place amidst our brothers and sisters of the international syndicalist community. Together we shall be invincible!
Anderson Doctrine
The Anderson Doctrine sets out that the former colonies belonging to the United Kingdom, lost after their collapse at the end for the Weltkrieg, are rightfully [Root.GetAdjective] domain. In the name of our national security, it is vital that we get these colonies back and expand our dominion over the islands of Southeast Asia and the Pacific.
Claim New Guinea
Port Moresby and the surrounding territory in New Guinea is a vital outpost for our nation, and our security will always be threatened so long as the northern portion of New Guinea as well as the island chain directly to its east are under the control of enemy nations.
Claim Melanesian Islands
The islands of Melanesia - including New Caledonia, New Hebrides, the Solomon Islands, and Nauru - were only lost to France and the United Kingdom following their defeat at the end of the Weltkrieg. Under the Anderson Doctrine, they are properly part of our eminent domain, and belong under our protection.
Claim the Southern Pacific
There are a number of islands chains in the southern Pacific Ocean - including the Gilbert and Ellis Islands, Samoa, Polynesia, and Pitcairn Island - that were once British possessions, but which were seized by Germany after the British collapse following the Weltkrieg. Under the Anderson Doctrine, they are properly part of our eminent domain, and belong under our protection.
Claim the German East Indies
The various island atolls that lie to the north of New Guinea - among them the Marshall Islands, the Caroline Islands, Palau, and the Marianas - were sold by Spain to Germany following the end of the Spanish-American War at the turn of the century. Their presence off our northern coasts is a threat to our national security, and the islands properly belong under our protection.
Claim Singapore
Singapore was once the colonial bastion of the United Kingdom in Southeast Asia, the last holdout in the Weltkrieg before Admiral Anderson himself was forced to abandon it for Australasia. Gaining it back is the central tenet of the Anderson Doctrine, and vital to building our national security.
Claim Sarawak
The region of northern Borneo was once known as Sarawak, a British holding under the White Rajah himself. With the White Rajah and his family having fled to Australasia, there is considerable internal pressure on the government to extend the Anderson Doctrine to this region and bring it back under our domain as a protectorate.
Claim Malaya
The Malaysian peninsula is not only a region that contains vital resources, it is also a former British territory taken by the Germans following the Weltkrieg. While gaining it might be extending our reach further north than is wise, it falls within the jurisdiction of the Anderson Doctrine that former British territories in Southeast Asia are part of our eminent domain, and thus we should seek its return.
Claim Western New Guinea
While the western part of New Guinea is not covered under the Anderson Doctrine, having never been held by the British, it is nevertheless vital to our national security, as the islands lie immediately off our borders and we cannot tolerate it remaining within possibly enemy hands.
Claim Timor
While the island of Timor is not covered under the Anderson Doctrine, having never been held by the British, it is nevertheless vital to our national security, as the islands lie immediately off our borders and we cannot tolerate it remaining within possibly enemy hands.
Demand Claimed [From.GetAdjective] Lands
The time has come to send an ultimatum to [From.GetNameDef] - either they turn over the lands we have rightfully claimed under the mandate of the Anderson Doctrine, or it will be war.
Seize New Guinea
With the rulers of the northern part of New Guinea crumbling in their current war, and no troops sitting on our border, the time is ripe to walk in and seize the territory before they can do a thing.
Seize Western New Guinea
With the rulers of the western part of New Guinea crumbling in their current war, and no troops sitting on our border, the time is ripe to walk in and seize the territory before they can do a thing.
Seize Timor
With the rulers of Timor crumbling in their current war, and no troops anywhere on the island, the time is ripe to walk in and seize the territory before they can do a thing.
Exploit Resources
Develop Coal in Queensland
We have discovered coal deposits in the state of Queensland, and it will take some time and effort to create a productive mine there.
Develop Aluminium in Victoria
We have discovered aluminium deposits in the state of Victoria, and it will take some time and effort to create a productive mine there.
Develop Iron in Tasmania
We have discovered iron ore deposits in the state of Tasmania, and it will take some time and effort to create a productive mine there.
Develop Coal in New Zealand
We have discovered coal deposits in the north of New Zealand, and it will take some time and effort to create a productive mine there.
Develop Aluminium in New South Wales
We have discovered aluminium deposits in the state of New South Wales, and it will take some time and effort to create a productive mine there.
Develop Iron in Kimberley
We have discovered iron ore deposits in the remote northern part of the state of Western Australia, and it will take some time and effort to create a productive mine there.
Develop the Queensland Oil Deposits
We have discovered oil in Queensland, and we must work quickly to make the deposits productive.
Develop the New Zealand Oil Deposits
We have discovered oil in New Zealand, and we must work quickly to make the deposits productive.
Send Trade Mission to [From.GetNameDef]
The [Root.GetAdjective] trade office has prepared a mission to [From.GetNameDef], in order to increase the volume of trade between our two countries. The [From.GetAdjective] market has been resistant to these efforts in the past, and the distance is a difficult obstacle to overcome, but new destinations for [Root.GetAdjective] goods are sorely needed.
Send Trade Mission to [From.GetNameDef]
The [Root.GetAdjective] trade office has prepared a mission to [From.GetNameDef], in order to increase the volume of trade between our two countries. The [From.GetAdjective] market has been resistant to these efforts in the past, and the distance is a difficult obstacle to overcome, but new destinations for [Root.GetAdjective] goods are sorely needed.
Begin the Conscription Plebiscite
The enactment of conscription laws will be an unpopular move, one that will be accompanied by cries of 'Remember Gallipoli!' throughout the country. Yet we have dire need to expand our army's enrolment. The best way to move forward would be to hold a national plebiscite on the issue. If it passes, we will have the mandate we need without fear of mass reprisal.
Force Conscription
There is no time to hold a plebiscite on conscription, as has been suggested in the past. It must be enacted, whether the people like it or not, and our government will simply have to bear the consequences.
Force Conscription
Even though the plebiscite failed, conscription is still necessary - whether the people like it or not. Our government will simply have to bear the consequences.
Defeat New Zealand
Defeat Australia
Hold Out Against Australia
Hold Out Against the Entente
Defeating the entire Entente is unlikely, but if we can hold out against their forces long enough we can perhaps force them to peace talks. If we hold New Zealand at that time, they may even have no choice but to let us keep it.
Nearly two decades after the Great War, Australasia still hasn't healed. Unbelievable, catastrophic manpower losses and sacrifices in the Great War all for nought have led to an atmosphere of cynicism and hopelessness as the once-great British Empire crumbled to pieces. The economy is a complete dumpster fire, a natural consequence of the fall of the United Kingdom and the ensuing loss of exports that followed. The shadow of the syndicalist Melbourne Commune still haunts the continent, but there are still plenty who haven't forgotten the Empire and are ready to reclaim its birthright...
GFX_AST_intro
Status of the Confederation
Formed in 1924 as a result of the Consolidation Of Resources Act, the Australasian Confederation is the combination of the British Australasian Dominions, Australia and New Zealand, as well as the territories of British New Guinea and Fiji.\n\nThe years since the Weltkrieg have brought great change and hardship. The war strained both society and the economy, which in Australia manifested itself in the short-lived Melbourne Commune. Although disowned by the then-ruling Labor government and put down by demobilised Australian Imperial Force veterans, this resulted in the implementation of the Emergency Protocols, the suspension of elections, and the appointment of William Birdwood as Governor General. Then the British Revolution of 1925 shook the Empire to the core and Australasia was unable to prevent the loss of territories to the Germans. More than 10 years on, the situation is still unstable as the economy remains stagnant and domestic dissent continues to grow with Birdwood, alongside his ally Billy Hughes' Nationalist Party, barely holding things together.
The Oncoming Election
Elections in the Antipodes were suspended by the Emergency Protocols, enacted in 1923, which also led to the dissolving of the autonomy of the separate New Zealand Parliament. However, elections are now set for March this year after Stanley Bruce successfully campaigned for their reintroduction. Governor-General Birdwood was forced to make this concession when Bruce defeated Hughes for the leadership of the Nationalist Party. Bruce's decision not to act as unelected Prime Minister resulted in the expulsion of his faction from the Nationalist Party and Hughes' recall as PM, however the public would not accept the government reneging on its commitments. Australasia can ill afford a repeat of 1923 - as the spectre of Melbourne remains fresh in the minds of many.
§MDemocracy§! - §MLabor§! / §MLang Labor§! / §MCountry Party§! / §MUnited Australasia Party§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot Choose any of the parties in the 1936 Federal Election, §mCountry§!, §SLabor§!, or §cUnited§!.\n£white_dot In subsequent elections, choose to reelect the party.\n£white_dot If §SLabor§! was chosen in 1936, the TUC will make its move. Choose to expel the revolutionaries.\n£white_dot §lLang Labor§! will only be available from the 1942 Federal Election onwards if §SLabor§! won at least the 1939 Federal Elections, expelled the revolutionaries, and in 1941 Labor let the Socialists rejoin and later chose NOT to reconcile with Lang's faction.\n\n§MRevolution§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$ / $syndicalist_coloured$ / $totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the 1936 Federal Election, choose §SLabor§!.\n£white_dot When the TUC makes its move, declare a syndicalist republic.\n£white_dot In the First Congress of the ACTU event, choose the syndicalists remain in control.\n\n£white_dot To get the §RSocialists§! in power, take the focus \
The Passing of King George V
The ousted king of Britain, George V, has finally succumbed to the illness that had plagued him since revolution swept through the home isles. His son, Edward, has ascended the throne of the British Empire, including that of the Australasian dominions. While many in Australasia mourn, there are others for whom the king's death has resurrected memories of the Weltkrieg and the disaster of Gallipoli in particular, and they have taken to the streets to demand a separation of the nation from the British crown as well as the Entente alliance.
Can they not even respect a state of mourning?
A Special Conference of the Labor Party
Today the Australasian Labor Party convened a special session in Sydney where the former premier of New South Wales, Jack Lang, was readmitted into the party after having been excluded for 5 years. Lang originally left the party and formed his own due to disagreements with the leadership. After his dismissal from government by the contemporary governor of NSW, Philip Game he fell out of popularity and sought to re-join the party. A powerful orator and a populist through and through, the re-admittance of Lang has caused consternation amongst the more leftist members of the Labor Party who, alongside the majority of trade union activists, see him more as a social feudalist inherently hostile to true socialist doctrine. It seems that the Australasian Labor Party is heading into a turbulent time, given the imminent election.
Let the leftists squabble amongst themselves!
The Australasian Guard
Originally formed in 1925, the Australasian Guard is a staunchly nationalist and jingoistic movement, which traces its roots back to the paramilitary organisation the 'League of National Security'. Comprised of former servicemen returning from the Weltkrieg with the backing of influential Australasians, many of these men helped put down the 1923 Melbourne Commune. In the years following the Melbourne Uprising, the Guard has continued to support the government, with many supporters joining the expanded security forces available to the Governor-General and assisting in suppressing left-wing activities. The coming return to democratic rule has caused an upset amongst the far right, however, who fear the re-emergence of the long-suppressed Labor movement and that the Nationalist Party, divided as it is, will be unable to maintain the status quo. Due to these factors, the Guard's leader, Eric Campbell, has decided that it will take part in the elections as the Centre Party. Despite their not-inconsiderable levels of popular support, at present it is unsure what impact they will have.
This can't be good...
Victorian Bush Fires
The state of Victoria has been hit by heavy bush fires in the north east and south west. Because of intense heat and drought over the last few years, much of rural Victoria has dried up - leaving plenty of fuel for the flames. The fires at this point are so incredibly intense that the ash and smoke can be seen from New Zealand. Firefighters with the aid of the state government are currently trying to combat the disaster, with the flames already threatening several major cities and causing considerable panic.
Goodness!
Bush Fires Finally Extinguished
The fires in Victoria have finally been extinguished, thanks to the efforts of local fire fighters as well as overdue dense rainfall. This victory has come at the cost of 71 lives, over 1000 homes destroyed, and the burning of almost 135,500 hectares of land. Currently Judge Leonard Stretton has been selected to lead a royal commission into what led to the disastrous fires, though many suspect farmers or graziers in rural areas to be responsible due to their long-standing practice of burning brush to clear new land.
Well, at least the worst is over.
Ion Idriess' 'The Cattle King'
Leading Australian writer Ion Idriess today published his latest novel, 'The Cattle King'. It follows the life of recently-deceased Sir Sidney Kidman, an entrepreneur and pastoralist who owned or co-owned large areas of land in Australia in his lifetime. Kidman became widely popular due to his support of the government in the Weltkrieg and charitable organisations, and the book looks set to be Australasia's best-seller for 1936.
An interesting read!
Australasia Day
Today the nation is celebrating the Confederation of Australasia and, while the confederation was not voluntary - having been initially formed by the British invocation of the Conservation of Resources Act in 1924 - it still has brought many benefits to both Australia and New Zealand, or such is the common belief. Crowds are lining the city streets from one side of the country to the other in order to celebrate the occasion.
Advance Australasia Fair!
The [GetYear] Federal Election
The first free elections in over a decade, which many are calling 'Bruce's Election', look set to return a majority for the United Australasia Party. However, the Labor and Country parties are campaigning vigorously, while the Nationalists struggle to retain their core vote with the left voting UAP and the right declaring for the Guard's Centre Party. Many are, at least, grateful that Campbell's Centre party seemingly has no chance of actually winning, though it seems likely they will make a good showing.
Earle Page and the Country Party.
John Curtin and the Australasia Labor Party.
Stanley Bruce and the United Australasia Party.
The Australasian Guard and the Election
The Australasian Guard has emerged from the election far stronger than when it went in. Eric Campbell's Centre Party, while failing to take many Parliamentary seats, did manage to secure a large percentage of the popular vote, mostly at the expense of the Nationalists. Despite this, the lack of a coherent strategy as well as a hostile media reception were clear hindrances for them.
Oh dear!
A New Governor-General?
William Birdwood's tenure as Governor-General saw a vast expansion in powers available to the position, which he used to maintain order in Oceania at the expense of democracy and civil liberties. Birdwood, a British General from the Weltkrieg, was imposed upon Australasia by an Empire fearful of revolt... but times have changed, and the newly-elected government could use this opportunity to replace him with the well-liked governor of New South Wales, Sir Alexander Hore-Ruthven. While this move would be popular with many, others have suggested that an opportunity exists to invite a member of the royal family to assume the role and thus put Australasia more firmly within the sphere of the Empire and our fellow Entente allies.
William Birdwood should remain where he is.
Sir Alexander would make a fine Governor-General!
We should invite a member of the royal family to hold the post.
The ACTU Makes its Move
The Australasian Labor Party National Executive met today in Canberra, after being swept into office in an unexpected result. John Curtin now has to decide which direction to take the party and the nation, however. There is a schism already opening between the different wings of the party. Jack Lang and the moderate right wing of the party are up against the revolutionary left, consolidated around the Australasian Council of Trade Unions. The ACTU wants to seize this opportunity to enact real syndicalist policies throughout Australasia, form a republic in memory of the Melbourne Commune, and break from the imperialist Entente. Lang wishes to expel these radicals from the party, maintaining our place in the Empire. Curtin must make a choice: break his party or lead a revolution.
Expel the revolutionaries from the party!
The ACTU seizes control! Declare the syndicalist republic!
New Labor Campaigning
There have been a recent upswing in the Labor party's campaign efforts, as they appear to have a great deal more money in the party coffers than previously thought possible. [Root.GetAdjective] police investigators suggest that the money is likely being funnelled through the Australasian Council of Trade Unions, sent by the Union of Britain, as an effort to support radicals within the Labor party... though there is no real evidence of that yet.
Foreign interference in our elections? Outrageous!
Workers' Organisation and Trade Unions
In the aftermath of the Melbourne Commune and the Revolution of 1925, trade unions were made illegal. While many continued to operate underground alongside the Australasian Labor Party, they were suppressed by the expanded police and military districts as well as by the Australasian Guard. While we may be sceptical of their ideology, the continued draconian enforcement of Birdwood's policies will undoubtedly be an unpopular move, so we must consider whether to legalise these unions and seek a compromise with their leaders.
Rescind Birdwood's policies.
Trade unions cause trouble - continue the suppression.
The Syndicalist March
Responding to the election results, which the Labor party claims were rigged against their candidates, radicals supported by the Australasian Council of Trade Unions held an illegal march in several of Australasia's cities today. They are protesting the continued suppression of unions, and several of the marches ended in clashes with both the police and local paramilitary groups. All the marches were successfully dispersed, but leaders have sworn that they will continue to resist the new government, and that without freedom the Australasian Confederation cannot truly call itself a democracy.
Responding to their recent ejection from the Labor party's ranks and the new government, radicals supported by the Australasian Council of Trade Unions held an illegal march in several of Australasia's cities today. They are demanding a swift end to union suppression, something Labor party leaders have already promised, and several of the marches ended in clashes with both the police and local paramilitary groups. All the marches were successfully dispersed, but leaders have sworn that they will continue to resist the new government, and that without freedom the Australasian Confederation cannot truly call itself a democracy.
They are asking for trouble.
The ACTU Campaign
Responding to the government's decision to legalise trade unions, the newly-legitimised ACTU has begun a major push for the next general election. Large crowds have been gathering to hear syndicalist leader Fred Paterson speak, and while pundits don't give the radicals much hope in winning there is a sense of worry regarding Paterson's growing support. Some ministers have expressed reservation of the legalisation, calling it a 'dangerous experiment', but for the moment the damage appears to be minimal.
We will keep a close eye on this.
Unions Protest Suppression
Union supporters have taken to the streets in several major Australasian cities, protesting the government's decision to continue the suppression of the ACTU and its syndicalist allies. The protestors were met with police, and later with Australasian Guard paramilitary groups, and this led to bloody clashes in Melbourne where dozens were reported injured. Maximist leader J.B. Miles has called for continued resistance to the government's anti-union policies, although he drew short of openly calling for armed revolt.
Miners Clash with Police
The continued suppression of trade unions drew a strong reaction today as miners across Victoria state attempted a walk-out, protesting unsafe conditions which have only become worse over the last decade. While they claimed to have no association with a union, their action was declared unlawful, and several clashes with police ended with the death of a miner by the name of Joseph Grenton. While the walk-out was disbanded, 'Miner Joe' has been elevated to something of a folk hero among the Australasian working class.
A dead folk hero, that is.
ACTU Celebrates Deal
The new Workers' Deal enacted by the government has been a great cause for celebration among Australasia's working class - and the Australasian Council of Trade Unions specifically has led marches across several large cities to commemorate the historic occasion. Speeches by ACTU leaders drew massive crowds, where they spoke with obvious fervour about syndicalist ideals and the true interests of the working class. Police stood nearby, keeping back agitators who hurled slurs at the socialists, and there were no reports of incidents.
At least there was no violence.
Illegal Strike in Sydney
Factory workers in Sydney walked off the job today, organising an illegal strike that prompted swift police reaction. While the workers insisted they were not associated with the ACTU and their action was borne of frustration, they were issued an ultimatum to disperse - which they ignored. Violence quickly escalated when the police moved in, and the resulting riot ended with over thirty badly injured. Within a week, the factory workers were back on the job... now supervised by private militia soldiers, to ensure no further demonstrations.
This is rather getting out of hand...
Lang Speech Disrupted
Jack Lang gave a fiery speech today in Sydney, in which he railed against the syndicalists and radicals which have plagued the labour movement. He did not get far into his speech, however, when it was disrupted by syndicalist supporters chanting 'Traitor' and 'Sell-out'. Lang at first ignored such taunts but eventually joined in, with every counter-insult he made being followed by cheers and roars from his supporters. When discussing employment Lang had decided to eject the Syndicalists after one remarked 'Didn't you and Beasley turn Australasian workers out of their jobs when you scabbed the party?'. Following this, a violent confrontation broke out between the Syndicalist and Labor supporters. The incident was picked up by the Australasian media, and while their intent was to blame the radicals for their disruption, instead it is Lang who is seen by the public as the one who escalated the confrontation and edged on his supporters.
Perhaps 'I will punch your bloody teeth in' was too much.
Paterson Gives Speech
With the lifting of martial law across Australasia, crowds are once again able to assemble - a fact that syndicalist leader Fred Paterson took advantage of today in Sydney to give a speech that drew a very large crowd as well as media attention. Paterson spoke of the need for an 'open dialogue' between the unions and the government, and that there was no need to fear the brand of democracy that syndicalism brought. The speech was branded by some as the 'ramblings of a radical', though many others said that Paterson's well-spoken manner earned him many new supporters.
I see...
Factory Burns in [factory_state.GetName]
One of the largest factories in [factory_state.GetName] burned through the night in what is believed to be arson. The factory has reportedly had numerous complaints about working conditions and unfair pay, most of which have gone unaddressed over the last five years. The owners deny this and claimed this was yet another attempt by the Australasian Council of Trade Unions to stir up trouble and support for the syndicalist cause. While damage was severe, the ACTU has no claimed any responsibility for the fire and police are still investigating.
Sabotage, now?
General Strike
The labour situation worsened in Australasia today as the ACTU called for general strikes around the country to protest the poor working conditions present in many factories. Some are calling this a ploy for support, and the move has already prompted many leaders within the Australasian Guard and elsewhere to call for the government to reverse its decision to allow labour unions, but either way the strikes are expected to go on for several weeks until some kind of compromise can be achieved.
The labour situation worsened in Australasia today as the ACTU called for illegal strikes around the country to protest poor working conditions and the continued suppression of unions. Some are calling this a ploy for support, and the move has already prompted many leaders within the Australasian Guard and elsewhere to call on the government to redouble its efforts to crush the radical movements behind the labour disruptions.
Oh my!
Rise of the Australasian Guard
In response to the general labour unrest which has been plaguing Australasia since the last election, Eric Campbell today made an impassioned speech calling for 'united, determined and firm action on the part of the loyal citizens of Australasia'. He says the government has failed in its mandate, and that unless severe measures are taken all of Australasia will succumb to chaos and the tide of syndicalism which is washing across the world. His words caught the attention of many, and already support in rural parts as well as the urban areas of the country has been shifting to his Centre Party.
That's all we need.
Rise of the AFM
Up until this point, the Australasia First Movement - led by Percy Stephensen - has been considered a fringe movement filled with disaffected socialists. With the rise of chaos inspired by syndicalist forces, and with it the fortunes of the Australasian Guard, Stephensen's words have gained new purchase among the people of Australasia. Stephensen calls for Australasia to cut its ties with the British crown, to further promote Australasianism and to maintain a neutral stance in global affairs so to ensure Australasia never marches into another disaster like Gallipoli. 'They talk grandiloquently about 'filling up Australia's vast empty spaces' and then they dump down the scum of London here,' he tells his ardent supporters, 'To hell with the British and the Empire!'
That's treasonous talk, is what that is.
AFM Protests the War
The Australasia First Movement, a group that advocates neutrality and a cutting of ties with the British crown, has set up a number of protests across the country to call for Australasia's abandonment of the current war. Cries of 'Never Gallipoli!' were heard from the marchers, who suggest the British have dragged the country into war after war, and that it is time for it all to stop. The group's message has carried to the Australasian people quite well, and those still disaffected by the lingering wounds of the Weltkrieg are clearly listening.
They're a fringe group, nothing more.
The Goldfinch-Gillespie Committee
Two powerful Australian plutocrats, Sir Phillip Goldfinch and Sir Robert W. Gillespie, have now openly begun to associate with the reactionary group known as 'the Australasian Guard', led by Weltkrieg veteran Eric Campbell, in an alliance that has come to be known informally as the 'Goldfinch-Gillespie Committee'. Until now, the Guard has been a minor force in Australasian politics, but with their forceful revanchist rhetoric and populist flair the movement has begun to spread its influence beyond New South Wales, especially gaining support amongst discharged servicemen and disgruntled officers. With the Committee's considerable influence and monetary resources, the Guard might just have gained the staging point for a showdown with the new regime in Canberra. The government should be prepared for any eventuality.
This does not bode well...
The Great Schism of the Australasian Labor Party
Since Jack Lang's re-admittance to its ranks, the Labor Party has been steaming with internal disputes. Today, Lang struck back at the leftist members of the New South Wales party branch, successfully having them excluded alongside their syndicalist-friendly trade union comrades from the ACTU. This purge of the NSW party has since rippled throughout the Confederation with Lang's supporters of moderate social populists and anti-syndicalist union supporters ostracising and marginalising their more leftist opponents. This 'Great Schism' of the Australasian Labor Party has firmly separated the Oceanic worker's movement into a reformist and populist rump Labor Party and a revolutionary movement consolidating around the Australasian Council of Trade Unions. Yet all is not well in Labor, since friction still exists between Lang and the popular John J. Curtin.
Since Jack Lang's re-admittance to its ranks, the Labor Party has been steaming with internal disputes. Today, Lang struck out at Labor leader John J. Curtin, claiming Curtin has not gone far enough to deal with the radicals and that they will all but certainly plunge the country into chaos. This 'Great Schism' of the Australasian Labor Party has firmly separated the Oceanic worker's movement into a reformist and populist rump Labor Party, as well as the exiled revolutionary movement consolidated around the Australasian Council of Trade Unions. Yet all is not well in Labor, since friction still exists between Lang and the popular John J. Curtin.
Since Jack Lang's re-admittance to its ranks, the Labor Party has been steaming with internal disputes even despite the ejection of the syndicalist radicals. Today, Lang struck out at Labor leader John J. Curtin, claiming Curtin has not gone far enough to deal with the radicals and that they will all but certainly plunge the country into chaos. This 'Great Schism' of the Australasian Labor Party has firmly separated the Oceanic worker's movement into a reformist rump Labor Party and a more populist group led by Lang himself - a faction which is called 'Lang Labor' by most. The move is all but certain to split the party's support going into the next election.
Interesting.
Scandal Rocks Government
To compound the UAP's increasing unpopularity with the people, the government has come under fire due to a corruption investigation which has made its way to the newspapers. While no senior ministers were implicated in the affair, the scandal has led to a sense among the Australasian public that the UAP government is both ineffective and riddled with men who are only out for their own enrichment. A series of arrests and a shuffling of minister positions appears to have made the scandal fade a bit, but the damage is done - and, going into the next election, it may be severe indeed.
To compound the Country Party's increasing unpopularity with the people, the government has come under fire due to a corruption investigation which has made its way to the newspapers. While no senior ministers were implicated in the affair, the scandal has led to a sense among the Australasian public that the Country government is both ineffective and riddled with men who are only out for their own enrichment. A series of arrests and a shuffling of minister positions appears to have made the scandal fade a bit, but the damage is done - and, going into the next election, it may be severe indeed.
That is terrible timing.
The Possibility of Coalition
With the UAP facing dwindling support going into the next election, several Country Party leaders have approached us and offered a possible solution: a coalition between UAP and Country, combining their efforts and support bases to ensure that neither the Labor Party nor any of the more radical upshots has a chance at achieving victory. This would mean admitting Country ministers into the cabinet, but some advisors suggest it may be our only route to victory.
With the Country Party facing dwindling support going into the next election, several UAP leaders have approached us and offered a possible solution: a coalition between UAP and Country, combining their efforts and support bases to ensure that neither the Labor Party nor any of the more radical upshots has a chance at achieving victory. This would mean admitting UAP ministers into the cabinet, but some advisors suggest it may be our only route to victory.
A united front against radicals and Labor, how can we refuse?
No - we will have enough support to form government.
The New Coalition
Having lost the election and also seeing their conservative support eroding in the wake of the rise of both the Australasian Guard and the AFM, the UAP and Country Party have announced a coalition going into the next election. They will combine their efforts and form a join government should they win - and, according to many, their chances of doing so have increased tremendously. Already leaders Stanley Bruce and Earle Page have been touring the major cities in Australasia, greeting large crowds with joint appearances.
But will that be enough?
'Forty Thousand Horsemen'
Directed by Charles Chauvel, 'Forty Thousand Horsemen' tells the story of the Australian Light Horse during the Sinai and Palestine Campaign of the last Weltkrieg. It follows the adventures of three rowdy heroes in fighting and romance and culminates at the Battle of Beersheba. While the film is clearly a propaganda tool to aid in recruitment and lift the pride of Australasians at home, it is fast becoming the most successful Australasian film ever produced.
Wow!
VFL Finals
Extraordinary enthusiasm is building for the Victorian Football League grand finals, with large numbers of people having been recorded attending the trainings for both the Collingwood Football club and the South Melbourne Football Club. Despite the warm weather, the teams trained strenuously for the upcoming premiership on Saturday at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Both sides are confident they can take out the grand finals, but time will tell who will succeed.
Such excitement!
Collingwood Takes Another Premiership
Around 76,000 spectators today have witnessed the Collingwood Football Club achieve their 11th premiership. The 'Master Football Tacticians' were able to bait as well as exploit the movements of South Melbourne. That, coupled with the many fatal errors in South Australia's play, led to Collingwood taking the win by 11 points.
What a game!
South Melbourne Takes the Premiership
Around 76,000 spectators witnessed an incredibly close game with the South Melbourne Football Club securing their 4th premiership. Despite the organisation and training of Collingwood, South Melbourne was able to see through the tricks laid out and avoided giving up unnecessary marks. South Melbourne consistently played a defence, but managed to score one last behind in the dying minutes of the game to secure a one-point victory.
Stanley Bruce and Joseph Lyons Attend Rally
Coming off the recent decision to form a coalition between the UAP and the Australasian Country Party, leaders Stanley Bruce and Joseph Lyons today jointly attended a rally in Sydney where they warned against the rise of extremism in the nation, and suggested that turning away from those who had brought democracy back to Australasia would see the country plunged into more war and chaos and not less. The rally was well-attended, and their words brought cheers from the audience, though it remains to be seen whether this will be enough to see them through the coming election.
We shall see.
The [GetYear] Federal Election
As per the Constitution of Australasia, elections are to be held at least once every three years (a legacy of Australian practice). This year's election is particularly important, due to the rise of Eric Campbell's Australasian Guard, which is running in the federal elections as the Centre Party, and Percy Stephensen's Australasia First Movement, both of which have siphoned support from the traditional conservative parties. Will the electorate stick with one of the established political parties, or will they opt instead for the radicals?
Stanley Bruce and the United Australasia Party.
Earle Page and the Country Party.
John Curtin and the Australasia Labor Party.
Eric Campbell and the Centre Party.
Percy Stephensen and the Australasia First Movement.
The Australasian Guard Coup
Events in Australasia have reached boiling point, and paramilitary groups loyal to the Australasian Guard have stormed the capital! The coup is being led by Thomas Blamey along with Eric Campbell both heroes of the Weltkrieg. For the soldiers of the Military Districts stationed in Canberra, many of them also veterans of the Weltkrieg, a hard choice must be made: either turn their guns upon Heroes and their fellow soldiers or stand aside and allow him to overthrow the democratically-elected government of Australasia.
The coup fails! Democracy prevails!
The coup succeeds! Democracy falls!
The Dissolution Of The Australasian Guard
Today Eric Campbell and Thomas Blamey, both veterans of the Weltkrieg and perpetrators of the Australasian Guard's attempted coup d'état, were sentenced to life imprisonment by the High Court of Australasia for high treason. The leadership of the Guard and its political wing the Centre Party, shares the same fate along with many other prominent members. The Centre Party has been dissolved and the Australasian Guard more or less ended as a political force in Australasia. Major William J.R. Scott unfortunately could not be linked directly to the coup and so escaped a prison sentence, although many accuse him of bribing those involved in his prosecution.
Good riddance!
The [GetYear] Federal Election
As per the Constitution of [Root.GetNameDef], elections are to be held at least once every three years. Thus, crowds have arrived at the polls throughout the nation...
The United Australasia Party carries the day
The Country Party wins a slim majority
The Labor Party manages victory
The Nationalists regain control of parliament
Lang Labor wins the day!
Considering the Maori Act
The treatment of the native Maori peoples has been one of the sticking points in the administration of New Zealand under the confederation and the New Zealand government has been pressing the larger government for years now to pass an act incorporating the Treaty of Waitangi into Australasian law of which would guarantee the human and land rights of the Maori to their island of which is not shared by Aboriginals elsewhere in Australasia. Doing so would appease New Zealand, though would not be appreciated elsewhere in Australasia, but there are many in the government who suggest the unproductive Maori land could be put to far better use under government control.
The Treaty of Waitangi is unnecessary, and the Maori land should be used.
Grant them rights and appease New Zealand.
An [Root.GetAdjective] Republic?
Despite the fact that [Root.GetNameDef] is no longer a colony, officially it remains under the control of the British crown - the Governor-General is our head of state, and until the election in 1936 ruled the nation absolutely. Thus, a separation between our government and the crown can only truly be done with royal assent, even if we intend to remain good allies with [crown_country.GetNameDef] after our constitution is repatriated to [Root.GetAdjective] soil. Delegates have today been sent to [crown_country.GetNameDef] to formally make the request of our king, and we should hear his response soon.
Hopefully this is just a formality...
An [From.GetAdjective] Republic?
Representatives from [From.GetNameDef] arrived today for an audience with the king, formally requesting the repatriation of their constitution. This would, in effect, transform [From.GetNameDef] into a republic, cutting all but ceremonial ties to the British crown. They say they fully intend to remain loyal allies to [Root.GetNameDef], and this is technically within their rights to proclaim, though there are some who suggest this is treasonous talk even so - until the 1936 election they were under the direct rule of their Governor-General according to emergency measures, and before that a British colony. Who are they to declare themselves a republic? [From.GetNameDef] would be nothing were it not for the support of the British crown!
They are free to govern themselves as they please.
They cut ties with us, we cut ties with them.
Independence? Absolutely not!
The Crown Assents
With the assent of the royal crown, the [Root.GetAdjective] government has officially repatriated its constitution and become a republic. The [Root.GetAdjective] Prime Minister is now our head of state as well as the head of the government, with the Governor-General's duties being purely ceremonial, and all decision-making power remaining within [Root.GetNameDef]. While we remain [From.GetNameDef]'s staunch ally, never again will we be subject to their control as we were following the invocation of the Emergency Protocols in 1925. We are now and forever more our own nation!
Long live [Root.GetNameDef]!
The Crown Severs Ties
While the crown has given its assent to repatriate the [Root.GetAdjective] constitution, they have also ejected us from the British alliance, stating that any colony so willing to abandon the empire cannot expect its protection nor be expected to come to its aid. Some [Root.GetAdjective] politicians felt this response to be almost childish, but the matter is done - never again will we be subject to British control as we were following the invocation of the Emergency Protocols in 1925. We are now and forever more our own nation!
The Crown Refuses
In what has become a shock to many within the [Root.GetAdjective] government, our delegates have returned with word that the British crown has refused our independence. [Root.GetNameDefCap] plays too vital a role within the Entente, they were told, and is too integral a part of the British Empire. Considering that, until recently, [Root.GetNameDef] was under the crown's direct rule, the attitude is perhaps not unexpected. The option still remains to declare the republic anyhow, though doing so could elicit a reaction from [From.GetNameDef] to retake a 'rebellious colony'.
So much for that idea.
We are not their colony any longer! We shall do as we please!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Defies Us
Despite our warning, the [From.GetAdjective] government has defied the king's prohibition and declared itself a republic, cutting all ties to the British monarchy as well as to the Entente alliance. The king is reportedly furious at this [From.GetAdjective] treason, but there are many within the government who ask what can be done... do we really wish to wage war to retake a former colony halfway across the world?
Good riddance to colonial rubbish.
Evidently they need to be taught a lesson.
A New Republic
Since [Root.GetNameDef] is no longer part of the Entente or the British Empire, the separation of our government from that of the British Crown is but a formality - today it was announced, with the Governor-General taking part in what will be his last duties within the [Root.GetAdjective] parliament. After this point, his role will be purely ceremonial, and the [Root.GetAdjective] head of state will also be its head of government. We are, now and forever more, a truly independent republic!
A New Governor General
As part of our nation's drawing closer to the royal crown, a new Governor General has been appointed for us - Prince Henry, the Duke of Gloucester, brother to the king and an accomplished man in his own right. The appointment is considered a great honour, and cheering crowds have lined the streets to receive him as he arrives at Parliament House to assume his first duties.
Hurrah!
Massive Demonstrations
In response to the Australasian Guard's assumption of control, control which has come with the suspension of democratic rule, demonstrations have broken out across [Root.GetNameDef]. The government suspects that much of this is orchestrated by syndicalist activists in the Australasian Trade Council Union, but that cannot currently be proven... and, truth be told, support for the syndicalist rhetoric is increasing rapidly. Advisors have informed the government that this agitation is likely to get worse before it gets better.
We shall see about that!
Unions Call for Illegal Strikes
Despite the suspension of all official [Root.GetAdjective] trade unions in the country, union leaders have called for general strikes - calls which are being responded to in all major cities. For the past three days, the streets have been flooded with throngs of angry crowds carrying signs decrying the Guard's administration. Police and paramilitary groups have managed to suppress the worst of it, but resistance is expected to continue for at least the next month.
This cannot be allowed to continue.
Bloody Clash with Miners
With the national strikes only recently passed, it was thought that labour unrest was at an end... until a large miner's strike erupted in the southern state of Victoria. Several paramilitary groups, ardent supporters of the Australasian Guard government, descended on the strikers and violently ended it in a clash that left over 25 dead and 60 wounded. While further strikes appear to be unlikely, the government is largely seen as responsible for the bloodshed and it appears to only be a matter of time before activists take up their calls once again.
This is getting out of hand!
Syndicalist Cells Uncovered
Finally some good news today as three separate cells of syndicalist agitators were uncovered in major [Root.GetAdjective] cities. Over fifty arrests were made, with public trials expected within weeks, a true blow to the syndicalist movement. There are some, however, who have expressed dismay at how quickly the syndicalists have organised, and suggest that these cells may simply be a few of many in [Root.GetNameDef].
Well, it's certainly a start.
Renewed Protests
After a period of quiet, protests have erupted across [Root.GetNameDef] this week - massive marches of thousands, with the crowd in Sydney alone estimated to reach upwards of a hundred thousand people. This is far too much for the [Root.GetAdjective] to disperse without sparking a civil war, and thus so far, they have primarily sought to contain things. These are the first protests where syndicalist leader John Curtin has spoken openly, demanding the Australasian Guard government resign in disgrace, and though police have attempted to quietly arrest Curtin so far the crowds have protected him.
He's *popular* now, is he?
The Second Melbourne Uprising
For the second time since the first uprising in 1924, syndicalist supporters have initiated a mass uprising in Melbourne - one that's supported by massive crowds of protestors, calling for the immediate resignation of the Australasian Guard government. The army has squared off against their barricades in the city centre, but the entire nation - indeed, the world - is watching. Either we march in and put down the uprising, triggering massive bloodshed on our fellow Australasians, or we admit defeat and resign.
For the second time since the first uprising in 1924, syndicalist supporters have initiated a mass uprising in Melbourne - one that's supported by massive crowds of protestors, calling for the immediate resignation of the Australasian Guard government. The army has squared off against their barricades in the city centre, but the entire nation - indeed, the world - is watching. Either we march in and put down the uprising, triggering massive bloodshed, or we admit defeat and resign. There are some suggesting a compromise, however: appeal to the Governor General to enact the Emergency Protocols once again, putting him and the British in full command of the nation.
Crush the uprising - there will be no mercy!
The uprising succeeds - we have utterly failed...
We must turn to the British for help.
The Second Melbourne Uprising
For the second time since the first uprising in 1924, syndicalist supporters have initiated a mass uprising in the [From.GetAdjective] city of Melbourne... and the [From.GetAdjective] government has appealed to [Root.GetNameDef] for aid. They are asking that the Governor General enact the Emergency Protocols, assuming full control of [From.GetNameDef] as before. The cost will be significant and threatens to embroil us further in their political mess, one which many say can be lain at the feat of the extremist [From.GetAdjective] government. Still, if the alternative is a surrender to syndicalists...
If it will prevent further chaos, then so be it.
Australasia must sort out its own problems.
Emergency Protocols Invoked
The [From.GetAdjective] government has agreed to rush to our aid, sending both supplies and troops to Melbourne - and they have invoked the Emergency Protocols for the second time since 1925. As before, the Governor General has assumed full command of the nation, forming a temporary government under a chosen prime minister. This intervention does signal at least a return to the previous status quo, and it appears the resignation of the Australasian Guard government has been enough to take the wind out of the uprising. Once again the syndicalists have disappeared into the woodwork and the crisis is passed.
Whew!
The Governor General Refuses
As the crisis in Melbourne deepens, the Governor General has indicated a refusal by the [From.GetAdjective] government to either send aid or permit the enactment of the Emergency Protocols. Our mess, they suggest, is one of our own making. It appears we are on our own.
Order Restored
For the first time since the Australasian Guard took power in [Root.GetNameDef], peace has finally been restored to the streets of its cities. While there is still significant recovery to be made following the massacre in Melbourne, and trust of the government is incredibly low, for now the syndicalist threat appears to have been removed. Labor leaders have mostly surrendered to police, and [Root.GetAdjective] newspapers have pronounced victory for ordinary citizens. The country, they say, is now safe from radicals.
For the first time since the Australasian Guard took power in [Root.GetNameDef], peace has finally been restored to the streets of its cities. While trust of the government is incredibly low, for now the syndicalist threat appears to have ended. Labor leaders have mostly surrendered to police, and [Root.GetAdjective] newspapers have pronounced victory for ordinary citizens. The country, they say, is now safe from radicals.
It's about time!
Rebuilding [Root.GetNameDef]
With order restored in [Root.GetNameDef], the Australasian Guard has made great strides in restoring a certain measure of confidence in the government's ability to keep the peace.
This will only get better with time.
Military Reforms Completed
With the [Root.GetAdjective] military having suffered for the last six months due to the purge, leaders are confident to report that order in its ranks have finally been restored. Commanders loyal to the syndicalist cause have replaced those with questionable loyalties, and thus any and all fear of future revolts coming from within are now put to rest. The [Root.GetAdjective] army is firmly on the side of revolution.
With the [Root.GetAdjective] military having suffered for the last six months due to the purge, leaders are confident to report that order in its ranks have finally been restored. Commanders loyal to the AFM cause have replaced those with overt loyalty to the British monarchy, and thus any and all fear of future revolts coming from within are now put to rest. The [Root.GetAdjective] army is firmly on the side of independence.
That's good to know!
First Congress of the ACTU
With the [Root.GetAdjective] Council of Trade Unions having taken increasing control of government affairs, their first official congress is a matter of great importance which will determine the direction of [Root.GetNameDef] as it begins its transformation into a proper revolutionary republic. The popular and progressive Fred Paterson appears most likely to win the support of most delegates, but the volatile speaker J.B. Miles has won many supporters to the Maximist cause with his talk of mobilising the [Root.GetAdjective] revolutionaries at any cost. It remains to be seen which of the two will win the day...
The syndicalists remain comfortably in control.
The Maximists under J.B. Miles take command.
Second Congress of the ACTU
With five years having passed since the last congress, the members of the ACTU once again gather in the capital to determine which faction of interests will hold sway over [Root.GetNameDef]'s economic and political future. A new faction of socialists has arisen under the oratorship of John 'Jock' Garden, but most deem it unlikely that he has any hope of becoming the next chairman - short of a catastrophic splitting of the votes between the syndicalists and Maximists.
The syndicalists control the congress.
The Maximists gain the upper hand.
The socialists surprise with a slim majority.
Third Congress of the ACTU
With five years having passed since the last congress, the members of the ACTU once again gather in the capital to determine which faction of interests will hold sway over [Root.GetNameDef]'s economic and political future.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Wants to Join the Internationale
[From.GetNameDefCap], having recently become enlightened to the benefits of socialist government, has approached us with a request. They wish to formally join the Internationale. Would such a distant ally be worthwhile?
Of course! We welcome them.
We have no need of them.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses
The [From.GetAdjective] government has refused our request to join their alliance. Perhaps we are not syndicalist enough for their measure, or unworthy as an ally. Either way, the answer was clearly no.
A poor decision on their part.
Massive Demonstrations
In response to the assumption of government control by the Australasian Trade Council Union, massive demonstrations have broken out across [Root.GetNameDef]. The government suspects that much of this has been orchestrated by right-wing radicals, including members of the so-called Australasian Guard, all of whom are slavishly opposed to any kind of syndicalist rule. So far, the government has had its hands full attempting to keep the demonstrations under control, never mind rooting out the masterminds behind them.
Terrible!
In response to the AFM government's decision to cut ties with the Entente, massive demonstrations have broken out across [Root.GetNameDef]. The government suspects that much of this has been orchestrated by right-wing radicals, including members of the so-called Australasian Guard. These monarchistic tykes, all of whom are slavishly devoted to the British, would do anything to bring the nation back under their protective umbrella. So far, the government has had its hands full attempting to keep the demonstrations under control, never mind rooting out the masterminds behind them.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Leaves the Entente
The recent victory of the Australasian First Movement in the election has seen them not only declare themselves a republic, cutting all ties to the British crown, but now they have gone even further and declared that they are no longer either a member of the Commonwealth nor part of the Entente alliance. This puts us in a difficult spot - do we allow them this right, whereas a scant few years ago they were under our control via the Emergency Protocols?
Worrying...
[From.GetNameDefCap] Seeks Closer Ties
The [From.GetAdjective] Republic has distanced itself from the British and now seeks closer trade and diplomatic ties with powers closer to home, or so say the envoys they recently sent to the [Root.GetAdjective] government. Are we interested in their proposition? They appear to have no interest in joining our alliance, but they have a large amount of natural resources our companies would find advantageous.
Yes, let our nations cooperate more closely.
No, this is of no interest to us.
The Japanese Agree
The Japanese government has agreed to our proposal, signing a trade agreement that will go a long way towards drawing our countries closer together.
Good to hear!
The Japanese Have Refused
The response from the Japanese government to our envoys has been mostly silence. It appears they are uninterested in any trade deals we might offer.
A poor decision on their part.
Australasian Guard Prepares for Confrontation
The government has received word of large movements of Australasian Guard supporters - many of them headed towards New Zealand, where their paramilitary forces have set up temporary bases under the command of Field Marshal Thomas Blamey. While we do not know their plans, we have no intention to wait for these radicals to act. So far, over a hundred Guard supporters have been rounded up throughout [Root.GetNameDef], including members of the Centre Party and their leader, Eric Campbell. Campbell was resistant to the last, but to no avail, and was hanged during a live radio broadcast as an example to any sympathisers. Whether this will dissuade the Australasian Guard, however, remains to be seen.
Somehow I doubt it.
[AST.GetAdjective] Guard Asks for Support
The [Root.GetAdjective] government has been struggling for weeks to come up with a plan regarding the loss of Australasia to syndicalism, and now we have received surprising news: Thomas Blamey, former [AST.GetAdjective] field marshal and member of a radical group of royal supporters called the Australasian Guard, has told us of a plan to engineer a coup against the [AST.GetAdjective] government. He has asked for our support, though advisors caution that - if the coup fails - we might very well be caught up in an immediate war against [AST.GetNameDef], one that will be difficult to deal with.
The [Root.GetAdjective] government has been struggling to come up with a plan regarding the loss of Australasia, and now we have received surprising news: Thomas Blamey, former [AST.GetAdjective] field marshal and member of a radical group of royal supporters called the Australasian Guard, has told us of a plan to engineer a coup against the [AST.GetAdjective] AFM government. He has asked for our support, though advisors caution that - if the coup fails - we might very well be caught up in an immediate war against [AST.GetNameDef], one that will be difficult to deal with.
We shall support their plan, even if it means war.
We cannot risk it - Blamey is on his own.
The Australasian Guard Coup
Government forces scrambled today as the capital found itself under sudden siege - Australasian Guard paramilitary troops took numerous officials hostage, led by Field Marshal Thomas Blamey and Major General Herbert Lloyd, as they attempted to take unlawful command of parliament. Their radio broadcast is blaring throughout Canberra, not only calling on Australasians to rise up against syndicalism but claiming to have the full support of the Entente. This is outrageous interference in [Root.GetAdjective] affairs, if true, but so far it remains to be seen if forces loyal to the ACTU will even win the day...
Government forces scrambled today as the capital found itself under sudden siege - Australasian Guard paramilitary troops took numerous officials hostage, led by Field Marshal Thomas Blamey and Major General Herbert Lloyd, as they attempted to take unlawful command of parliament. Their radio broadcast is blaring throughout Canberra, not only calling on Australasians to rise up against 'the republican traitors' but claiming to have the full support of the Entente. This is outrageous interference in [Root.GetAdjective] affairs, if true, but so far it remains to be seen if forces loyal to the AFM will even win the day...
The coup succeeds! The Guard takes control of the country.
The coup fails! Blamey's forces flee the capital.
Australasian Guard's Coup Succeeds
Thomas Blamey has sent word to the [Root.GetAdjective] government that, thanks in large part to our support, royal supporters have retaken control of the [AST.GetAdjective] parliament and are in the process of restoring order in the country. We can now breathe a sigh of relief as Australasia once again re-asserts itself as a British ally and member of the Entente.
Thomas Blamey has sent word to the [Root.GetAdjective] government that, even without our support, he and his Guard supporters have retaken control of the [AST.GetAdjective] parliament and are in the process of restoring order in the country. He has affirmed that [AST.GetNameDef] remains a loyal subject of the British crown and that it will dedicate itself to the alliance once more. We can all breathe a sigh of relief.
Good news for once!
Australasian Guard's Coup Fails
Thomas Blamey has sent word that, despite our support, his attempted coup against the [AST.GetAdjective] government has ended in failure. Thankfully he survived and is currently pulling his paramilitary forces to secret bases in New Zealand. While the [AST.GetAdjective] government is outraged by our interference, we are not at war with them yet... though Blamey claims to have the support of the New Zealand government and tells us they will be rising up soon. Without our support, it seems doubtful that New Zealand will carry the day.
Thomas Blamey has sent word that, despite our support, his attempted coup against the [AST.GetAdjective] government has ended in failure. Thankfully he survived and has escaped the capital with many of his paramilitary forces intact. The [AST.GetAdjective] government is outraged, calling this an act of open war, and thus we find ourselves arrayed against our former colony, for good or for ill.
We shall wait for more news...
So be it!
Loss of Control in New Zealand
It seems that Blamey's attempted coup was not the end of it. The Australasian Guard has found supporters in the New Zealand government, which strenuously objects to our syndicalist ideals and separation from the Entente, and over the last days our control over the island state has deteriorated. [AST.GetAdjective] forces are scrambling to prepare for war, even as several of our generals and a portion of our fleet have switched allegiances. We are, it seems, headed for civil war.
It seems that Blamey's attempted coup was not the end of it. The Australasian Guard has found supporters in the New Zealand government, which strenuously objects to our anti-imperialist ideals and separation from the Entente, and over the last days our control over the island state has deteriorated. [AST.GetAdjective] forces are scrambling to prepare for war, even as several of our generals and a portion of our fleet have switched allegiances. We are, it seems, headed for civil war.
They cannot honestly think to win?
A Call for Peace?
It has been many months since the war with New Zealand began, and while we have captured the islands we remain at war with their colonial masters. This is a war that will go nowhere, however, and thus a suggestion has been raised that we should seek white peace with the [ENT.GetAdjective] government. If they will leave us be, this conflict can be put behind us.
It is time to call for a truce.
Tell them they are dreaming.
Peace with the Australians?
A peace envoy has arrived from the [From.GetAdjective] government, offering an end to hostilities. If we leave them be and allow them to retain 'rightful' control over New Zealand, then this conflict can come to an end... a conflict which, it seems, has been going nowhere for us.
Yes, let us end this now.
No! We will continue this war until it is finished!
No Peace with [From.GetNameDef]
Our envoys have returned from [From.GetNameDef] with a definitive response: there will be no peace.
Ah well.
It has been many months since the war began, and our former colonial masters appear no closer to conquering our nation than we are of crossing the Pacific to conquer theirs. Seeing as the war is going nowhere, a suggestion has been raised that we should seek white peace with the British. If they will leave us be, this conflict can be put behind us.
A peace envoy has arrived from the [From.GetAdjective] government, offering an end to hostilities. If we leave them be, allowing their continued existence under whatever government they so choose, then this conflict can come to an end... a conflict which, it seems, has little hope of ending anytime soon.
The Australasian Guard Coup
Government forces scrambled today as the capital found itself under sudden siege - Australasian Guard paramilitary troops took numerous officials hostage, led by Field Marshal Thomas Blamey and Major General Herbert Lloyd, as they attempted to take unlawful command of parliament. Their radio broadcast is blaring throughout Canberra, calling on Australasians to rise up against the 'syndicalist traitors', though for the moment this hasn't translated into a popular uprising as they'd hoped. Even so, it remains to be seen if forces loyal to the ACTU will win the day...
Government forces scrambled today as the capital found itself under sudden siege - Australasian Guard paramilitary troops took numerous officials hostage, led by Field Marshal Thomas Blamey and Major General Herbert Lloyd, as they attempted to take unlawful command of parliament. Their radio broadcast is blaring throughout Canberra, calling on Australasians to rise up against the 'republican traitors', though for the moment this hasn't translated into a popular uprising as they'd hoped. Even so, it remains to be seen if forces loyal to the AFM will win the day...
The Australasian Crisis
The assumption of control in [AST.GetNameDef] by syndicalist forces is a serious issue for the British Empire to contend with. These tyrants were not elected, but rather took control from within the Labor government... and much to the displeasure of the [AST.GetAdjective] people, as evidenced by the riots tearing the country apart this very moment. A wide array of [AST.GetAdjective] citizens are calling on the [Root.GetAdjective] government to intervene and restore order in the former British colony.
The assumption of control in [AST.GetNameDef] by anti-royalist forces is a serious issue for the British Empire to contend with. The AFM radicals were elected, true, but after assuming power they've eliminated all democracy in the nation and cut all ties to the Entente... much to the displeasure of the [AST.GetAdjective] people, as evidenced by the riots tearing the country apart this very moment. A wide array of [AST.GetAdjective] citizens are calling on the [Root.GetAdjective] government to intervene and restore order in the former British colony.
Intervention is both our duty and our right.
Royal Rule Restored
The new government under [Root.GetLeader] has dispensed with the republican articles issues by the previous government, restoring Royal rule over [Root.GetNameDef] effective immediately. The occasion was marked with the arrival of Prince Henry at parliament as the new Governor-General, triumphantly assuming his duties as head of state to a large and enthusiastic crowd.
The new government under [Root.GetLeader] has dispensed with the republican articles issues by the previous government, restoring Royal rule over [Root.GetNameDef] effective immediately. The occasion was marked with the arrival of Prince George at parliament as the new Governor-General, triumphantly assuming his duties as head of state to a large and enthusiastic crowd.
The new government under [Root.GetLeader] has dispensed with the republican articles issues by the previous government, restoring Royal rule over [Root.GetNameDef] effective immediately. The occasion was marked with the arrival of renowned governor Alexander Hore-Ruthven at parliament as the new Governor-General, triumphantly assuming his duties as head of state to a large and enthusiastic crowd.
Hurrah!
Trade Mission from [From.GetNameDef]
The government of [From.GetNameDef] has approached us regarding the possibility of a new bilateral trade agreement between our countries. In return for dropping the tariffs in place currently restricting imports, they promise to do the same for [Root.GetAdjective] goods.
Yes - this would benefit us both.
No - We can't be bothered with this.
[From.GetAdjective] Trade Deal Approved
The [Root.GetAdjective] trade mission has returned from [From.GetNameDef], declaring their mission a success!
Great!
[From.GetAdjective] Trade Deal Refused
The [From.GetAdjective] government has rejected our proposals and refused to sign the trade treaty! This is a sad day for [Root.GetNameDef].
Struth!
Growth In Trans-Pacific Trade
The new economic cooperation with [AST.GetNameDef] has increased the economic output of our Pacific provinces, in particular Vancouver which acts as a gateway for [AST.GetAdjective] goods to the rest of [Root.GetNameDef].
Great!
[From.GetAdjective] Corporations In [Root.GetNameDef]
The growth in trans-Pacific trade between [From.GetNameDef] and [Root.GetNameDef] has seen a number of [From.GetAdjective] corporations setting up branches here. In particular, Vickers-Armstrong has opened a new factory in Melbourne with licence to produce equipment for the [Root.GetAdjective] military.
Great!
Economic Development In Karachi
The influx of [AST.GetAdjective] expertise and goods has helped to increase the industrial capacity of our port city of Karachi.
Superb!
[AST.GetAdjective] Corporations Invest in [Root.GetNameDef]
Several [AST.GetAdjective] mining corporations have taken an interest in [Root.GetNameDef] and its bountiful natural resources and are investing in the region.
Great!
[AST.GetAdjective] Corporations Invest in Cape Town
Several [AST.GetAdjective] mining corporations have taken an interest in [Root.GetNameDef] and its bountiful natural resources and are investing in the port city of Cape Town.
Superb!
[797.Owner.GetAdjective] Corporations In [Root.GetNameDef]
The growth in trans-Pacific trade between [797.Owner.GetNameDef] and [Root.GetNameDef] has seen a number of [797.Owner.GetAdjective] corporations setting up branches here. In particular, a new [797.Owner.GetAdjective] factory has opened in Melbourne with licence to produce equipment for the [Root.GetAdjective] military.
Great!
Light Ships Overhaul Finished
The general overhaul of our obsolete destroyers and submarines has been successfully finished, and the ships are ready to enter the service of the Royal [Root.GetAdjective] Navy.
Excellent!
Cruiser Overhaul Finished
The general overhaul of our obsolete light and heavy cruisers has been successfully finished, and the ships are ready to enter the service of the Royal [Root.GetAdjective] Navy.
Capital Ships Overhaul Finished
The general overhaul of our obsolete destroyers and battlecruisers has been successfully finished, and the ships are ready to enter the service of the Royal [Root.GetAdjective] Navy.
Clarifying ANZAC Doctrine
The military doctrines of the ANZAC (Australian and New Zealand Army Corps) have developed very little since the Weltkrieg, and a push to modernise the Australasian Army appears to be necessary. While we could remain true to tried and tested British methods, there are some (particularly those with ties to the navy) who say we should adapt for a more modern war and adjust our army's makeup accordingly.
Focus on organisation and planning.
Focus on the training of our soldiers.
We need quality weapons, nothing more.
The ANZAC are fine with tried and true methods!
The Conscription Plebiscite Begins
The government has been preparing for the plebiscite for several weeks, and already the issue has swept across [Root.GetNameDef]. It is a controversial topic, and one that will be voted on a state-by-state basis. If more states approve it than don't, then the conscription laws will be immediately enacted. If the plebiscite fails, however, it will be an embarrassment for the government, and conscription will be even more difficult to pass in the future. The full results should be in within a month or so.
All we can do now is wait...
New South Wales Votes YES
Votes on the conscription plebiscite are coming in from the state of New South Wales, and the results indicate the people there have voted in favour.
Hurrah!
New South Wales Votes NO
Votes on the conscription plebiscite are coming in from the state of New South Wales, and the results indicate the people there have voted against the motion.
Blast it!
Northern Territory Votes YES
Votes on the conscription plebiscite are coming in from the Northern Territory, and the results indicate the people there have voted in favour.
Northern Territory Votes NO
Votes on the conscription plebiscite are coming in from the Northern Territory, and the results indicate the people there have voted against the motion.
Western Australia Votes YES
Votes on the conscription plebiscite are coming in from the state of Western Australia, and the results indicate the people there have voted in favour.
Western Australia Votes NO
Votes on the conscription plebiscite are coming in from the state of Western Australia, and the results indicate the people there have voted against the motion.
South Australia Votes YES
Votes on the conscription plebiscite are coming in from the state of South Australia, and the results indicate the people there have voted in favour.
South Australia Votes NO
Votes on the conscription plebiscite are coming in from the state of South Australia, and the results indicate the people there have voted against the motion.
Queensland Votes YES
Votes on the conscription plebiscite are coming in from the state of Queensland, and the results indicate the people there have voted in favour.
Queensland Votes NO
Votes on the conscription plebiscite are coming in from the state of Queensland, and the results indicate the people there have voted against the motion.
Victoria Votes YES
Votes on the conscription plebiscite are coming in from the state of Victoria, and the results indicate the people there have voted in favour.
Victoria Votes NO
Votes on the conscription plebiscite are coming in from the state of Victoria, and the results indicate the people there have voted against the motion.
Tasmania Votes YES
Votes on the conscription plebiscite are coming in from the state of Tasmania, and the results indicate the people there have voted in favour.
Tasmania Votes NO
Votes on the conscription plebiscite are coming in from the state of Tasmania, and the results indicate the people there have voted against the motion.
New Zealand Votes YES
Votes on the conscription plebiscite are coming in from the state of New Zealand, and the results indicate the people there have voted in favour.
New Zealand Votes NO
Votes on the conscription plebiscite are coming in from the state of New Zealand, and the results indicate the people there have voted against the motion.
Conscription Plebiscite: Result - YES
The people of the Australasian dominions have overwhelmingly backed the government in its desire to introduce limited conscription to [Root.GetNameDef].
Hurray, hurray, hurray!
Conscription Plebiscite: Result - NO
The government has been completely defeated at the voting polls. Conscription has been absolutely refused by the citizens of Australasia, leaving the cabinet's prestige deeply damaged.
Ack! What a humiliation!
Conscription Riots in New Zealand
Nowhere has the issue of conscription been more sensitive than in New Zealand, a territory that already felt it was joined to [Root.GetNameDef] unwillingly by the Consolidation Of Resources Act in 1924. Now that conscription has been forced on the nation by the [Root.GetAdjective] government, riots have broken out across the state - with many rioters angrily burning [Root.GetAdjective] flags and vowing that New Zealand should not be part of the confederation at all.
As the votes were being counted it soon became clear that the Yay-side would carry the day. However, complications have arisen since New Zealand overwhelmingly voted no to confederate conscription while mainland Australians mainly voted yes. As a territory which already feels it was forced into confederation by the Consolidation Of Resources Act in 1924, feelings are running raw and several riots have broken out in Auckland and elsewhere, demanding a referendum be held in the state to determine its future as part of Australasia.
We are ALL [Root.GetAdjective] citizens!
The Australasian Guard Backs Us On Conscription
Leading figures in the Australasian Guard and its political front, the Centre Party, have today endorsed the governments successful adoption of conscription. While we may not feel comfortable being complemented by the far right, it is better that than the alternative, as the support of powerful Australian elites has seen it grow in strength since the last election.
Um, thanks?
The Australasian Guard Attacks Us Over Conscription
Leading figures in the Australasian Guard and its political front the Centre Party have today attacked the government over its failure to adopt conscription. This is not a dismissible threat, as the support of powerful Australian elites has seen it grow in strength since the last election.
This can't be good...
Nationalists Support the Centre Party
Support for Billy Hughes' Nationalist Party has waned significantly since the 1936 election. As more and more of their supporters and members have left to join either Stanley Bruce's UAP or the emerging force of Eric Campbell and his Centre Party, Hughes has ultimately decided to throw his lot in with the Australasian Guard. No longer splitting the far-right vote, the Guard is now a serious contender in the next federal election.
We'll beat them at the ballot box!
The Loss of New Zealand
With the loss of New Zealand, we cannot truly be considered [Root.GetNameDef] any longer - the confederation, as it was known, has been officially undone.
For now, perhaps.
New Zealand Restored
The [Root.GetAdjective] government has restored control over New Zealand, and thus the old confederation has been officially restored!
Things have been put to right.
A Referendum in New Zealand?
With the British home islands having been restored and the crisis considered over, the state government of New Zealand is being pressured by its people to consider a referendum on independence from [Root.GetNameDef]. New Zealand was only folded into the Confederation by the Consolidation of Resources Act, a measure which is seen as no longer necessary. Considering the riots in the state following the imposition of conscription, chances are considered quite good that they would vote to secede.
With [Root.GetNameDef] no longer part of the Entente alliance, the state government of New Zealand is being pressured by its people to consider a referendum on independence from [Root.GetAdjective] control. New Zealand was only folded into the Confederation by the Consolidation of Resources Act, a measure which is seen as no longer applicable now that the alliance is no longer a factor. Considering the riots in the state following the imposition of conscription, chances are considered quite good that they would vote to secede.
They are free to hold their referendum, if they wish.
We would consider that an illegal act.
Stay.
Secede.
New Zealand Votes to Stay
After a month of voting across the state, with turnout very high, New Zealand has voted to remain within [Root.GetNameDef]. While there are elements contesting the election and claiming interference by the [Root.GetAdjective] government, the matter is largely considered settled.
Hurrah!
New Zealand Votes to Leave
After a month of voting across the state, with turnout very high, New Zealand has voted to leave [Root.GetNameDef]. The vote in favour of the motion was exceedingly high, enough so that few are attempting to claim that the island does not have a democratic imperative to secede. Indeed, the state is already taking measures to sever governmental ties with the mainland.
So be it!
Day of Mourning
Today marks the 150th anniversary of the first fleet landing in Australia. While many mainland Australians are celebrating the day, the native aborigines are mourning the loss of their land and the suffering of their people. In response, and with the assistance of the Australasia First Movement, the Aborigines Progressive Association has held a protest for equal rights, full citizenship, and better education for all Australian aboriginal peoples. Jack Patten, the leader of the organisation and a notable member of AFM, stated 'Give us the chance! We do not wish to be left behind in Australasia's march to progress. We ask for full citizen rights...'. This protest has garnered mixed reviews, but in turn has gained support from both the aboriginal population for the AFM as well as egalitarians frustrated with left-wing politics.
Troubling news, indeed.
Farmers Request Assistance for Emu Culling
Farmers in Walgoolan and Burracoppin have petitioned the government to help cull a rather large gathering of emus in the area. They asked for planes to drop small bombs on large gatherings, along with soldiers armed with machine guns to shoot down the rest, similar to the failed attempt in 1932. The Chief Game Inspector, Mr A. Arnold, stated 'The situation did not warrant mass extermination of the birds' and that inspectors had not spotted any of the so-called reported mass gatherings. The state government has also denied the request on the basis of the Mr Arnold's observation.
A war on Emus is unnecessary.
The Volunteer Defence Corps
In response to the return of world war, the Returned and Services League of Australia (RSL) has been tasked with forming a militia force comprised of both Weltkrieg veterans too old to fight overseas and men too young to enlist. The intent of this militia is to create a static defence against invasion and if that was to fail, the VDC would then engage in guerrilla warfare against the invaders. From there they would delay, harass, and perhaps totally defeat an invader's plans.
An excellent idea.
Australasian War Memorial Completed
Today the Australian War Memorial finished its 12-year construction and opened on ANZAC day in time for memorial services to be conducted. This memorial is a testament to the young nation of Australasia whose bravery and sacrifice will be forever remembered within the great white shrine. Prime Minister John Curtin was present at the opening, remarking, 'This Australasian War Memorial is a tribute which a grateful country pays to those who have served it so steadfastly.' This was afterwards followed by a march of former Weltkrieg veterans and other AIF personnel paying homage to those who gave their lives for this nation.
Today the Australian War Memorial finished its 12-year construction and opened on ANZAC day in time for memorial services to be conducted. This memorial is a testament to the young nation of Australasia whose bravery and sacrifice will be forever remembered within the great white shrine. Prime Minister Stanley Bruce was present at the opening, remarking, 'This Australasian War Memorial will memorialise those who gave their life for not only their country but for their King in defence of the Empire.' This was afterwards followed by a march of former Weltkrieg veterans and other AIF personnel paying homage to those who gave their lives for this nation.
Today the Australian War Memorial finished its 12-year construction and opened on ANZAC day in time for services to be conducted. Originally planned as a memorial to commemorate old imperialist wars that Australasians had been dragged into against their wills, it has been repurposed to not only remember those who gave up their lives for pointless wars, but now to remember their life stories as well.
Today the Australian War Memorial finished its 12-year construction and opened on ANZAC day in time for memorial services to be conducted. This memorial is a testament to the young nation of Australasia whose bravery and sacrifice will be forever remembered within the great white shrine. This was afterwards followed by a march of former Weltkrieg veterans and other AIF personnel paying homage to those who gave their lives for this nation.
Lest we forget.
Socialists Petition to Re-join the Labor Party
Today both Donald Cameron and John Garden have been engaged in talks with the Labor Party leadership to re-join the party's ranks. While members within the party support the idea to bolster Labor's working-class support, others like the vocal Jack Lang have called out such an idea as ridiculous and a danger to the Labor movement. If we accept them back, there is a good chance Jack Lang will break off yet again, though the increased working-class support might be worth the risk.
Yes, we'll take them back.
No, they can remain where they are.
Lang Labor Breaks Away Again
In response to reconciling with the moderate left-wingers of the ACTU, Jack Lang and his supporters have broken off from the Labor party yet again. Lang has sworn to oppose Labor leaders in the coming election.
I really wish he would make up his mind.
Reconcile with Lang Labor?
The possibility of finally reconciling with Jack Lang and his breakaway members of the Labor Party - though to do so would mean offering at least Lang himself a position within the Labor cabinet. Is that worth the effort, even though Lang's tempestuous nature makes the entire endeavour unlikely to succeed?
We must make the attempt.
No, they're asking too much!
Reconciliation Succeeds
Despite all odds, the reconciliation with Lang Labor has succeeded. The party is once again whole!
Well done, Mr. Lang!
Reconciliation Fails
As expected, the negotiations with Lang Labor devolved into bickering and accusations, and now Jack Lang has walked away from the negotiating table for good.
So be it.
Formation of a Māori Battalion?
The Eastern Māori member Āpirana Ngata has today brought up the idea of a Maori battalion in the House of Representatives. Ngata stated, 'We are participants in a great Confederation, to the defence of which we cannot hesitate to contribute our blood and our lives. We are the possessors of rights which we must qualify to exercise, also of obligations which the Māori must discharge always in the future as he has done in the past.' Some members, however, find the idea of a sole Battalion dedicated to the Māori unsustainable due to the lower population, while others say they would be better off as supporting roles as they did during the Weltkrieg.
This will only help the war effort.
No, the Maori will be better off as normal troops within the AIF.
Manhunt Begins for Stanley Graham
5 Volunteer Defence Corps Officers have been shot today in Kowhitirangi, on South Island. The man perpetrator of this crime, Stanley Graham, has fled his homestead after the VDC were investigating a scuffle between Stanley and his neighbours. Things escalated after one of Stanley's cows had died, and he had accused his neighbours of poisoning it. Witnesses reported that when Anker Madsen, one of his neighbours rode by on his bike, Stanley shot him in the leg. When VDC officers came to detain him, he opened fired killing 3 instantly and wounding 2 with one later dying from his wounds. A manhunt has begun to bring Stanley to swift justice.
Shocking!
Manhunt for Stanley Graham Ends
Today police and members of the VDC successfully shot and killed Stanley Graham, who to this date perpetrated one of the worst mass killings in [Root.GetAdjective] history. Before Graham could be stopped, he took the lives of 14 across the three weeks he'd been running. While the specifics are not known as to why Mr. Graham began his spree, police reports show he had a history of threats and assault. Following the shootings, the Graham household was burned down, and the government has shifted his wife and children across the country. Plans are in the making to build a memorial on the former site of Mr Graham's house as a tribute to those who died.
At least it is over.
Curtin Visits [CAN.GetNameDef]
Prime Minister John Curtin has today arrived in Ottawa to reaffirm the commitment of Australasia to the Entente and to Canada. In his speech to parliament he stated that 'The struggles of the past decade have brought Australasia and Canada closer together than ever before. Canada is a source of pride to all those who have been associated with her in this long struggle for freedom against Syndicalism.' Receiving a thunderous applause after his speech, he later went to speak to the prime minister and [CAN_king_full_name] personally about pressing issues for the Entente.
We are in this together.
John Curtin's Visit
Today the Prime Minister of Australasia John Curtin has arrived in Ottawa to reaffirm the commitment of Australasia to the Entente and Canada. In his speech to parliament he stated that 'The struggles of the past decade have brought Australasia and Canada closer together than ever before. Canada is a source of pride to all those who have been associated with her in this long struggle for freedom against Syndicalism.' Receiving a thunderous applause after his speech, he later went to speak to the prime minister and [CAN_king_full_name] personally about pressing issues for the Entente.
Australasia remains a trusted ally.
Prince George Killed in Crash
A recent crash by a small plane on its way to New Zealand claimed several lives - among them the Governor General of [AST.GetNameDef], Prince George. The country is in mourning, angered by the loss of the young prince, and a royal commission is currently looking into the cause of the disaster... even though, truth be told, little wreckage has been found in the Pacific waters after weeks of search. In the meantime, the prince's elder brother - Prince Henry, the Duke of Gloucester - has arrived in [AST.GetNameDef] as his replacement. Sadly, Prince Henry's first act as Governor General will be to attend the funeral for his brother.
A recent crash by a small plane on its way to New Zealand claimed several lives - among them the Governor General of [AST.GetNameDef], Prince George. The country is in mourning, angered by the loss of the young prince, and a royal commission is currently looking into the cause of the disaster... even though, truth be told, little wreckage has been found in the Pacific waters after weeks of search. In the meantime, the prince's elder brother - Prince Albert - has arrived in [AST.GetNameDef] as his replacement. Sadly, Prince Albert's first act as Governor General will be to attend the funeral for his brother.
A recent crash by a small plane on its way to New Zealand claimed several lives - among them the Governor General of [AST.GetNameDef], Prince George. The country is in mourning, angered by the loss of the young prince, and a royal commission is currently looking into the cause of the disaster... even though, truth be told, little wreckage has been found in the Pacific waters after weeks of search. With Prince Albert already assigned to Canada, Alexander Hore-Ruthven, the Earl of Gowrie, has been tasked as his replacement. Sadly, the Earl's first act as Governor General will be to arrange for the funeral of his predecessor.
A sad loss
Death of Joseph Lyons
Today, the Australasian Parliament mourns the loss of Joseph A. Lyons. He is remembered fondly by all sides of politics, despite defecting from the Labor party and becoming one of the leaders of the Nationalist party. His legacy however will be one of hardship and determination, which was shown when he, along with Stanley Bruce, continued to push for democratic elections at the risk of dismissal. He was also partially responsible for implementing policies to help alleviate the worst of the depression and, despite the failure of the Nationalists, he was seen fondly amongst many of the general populace for making the best of what he had.
He shall be missed.
Fred Paterson Shot!
As the Australasian Council of Trade Unions prepares itself for the coming first Congress, the government has become a hotbed of infighting and political manoeuvring. Perhaps as a result of this, syndicalist leader Fred Paterson was shot earlier this morning while exiting his offices in Canberra. Rushed immediately to hospital, Paterson was pronounced in good condition and is expected to make a swift recovery, though the assailant has yet to be caught. Calls have gone out from the highest levels of the ACTU appealing for calm and an orderly transition of power once the Congress is held.
How dreadful.
Resignation of Stanley Bruce
After 23 years of politics and controversy, Prime Minister Stanley Bruce has decided to step down as leader of the United Australasia Party. This has thrown his party into considerable chaos, with several declaring his decision untimely, and an immediate struggle has begun to find his replacement.
After 23 years of politics and controversy, Stanley Bruce has decided to step down as leader of the United Australasia Party. This has thrown his party into considerable chaos as they search for a replacement, though there appears to be a consensus that it was Bruce's lack of leadership which led to the party's current status. They see this as an opportunity for the UAP's renewal.
Robert Menzies steps up as the new UAP leader.
Sidney Holland becomes the first New Zealander to lead the party.
Collapse of the UAP/Country Coalition
Earle Page, dissatisfied with the election of Robert Menzies as leader of the United Australasia Party, has launched a scathing attack on Menzies' integrity stating, 'the Australasian Government needs a leader with not merely the qualities I have mentioned, but also the three essential qualities of courage, loyalty, and judgement.' The coalition between the UAP and the Country party appears to be at a permanent end, with Page severing all agreements between the parties effective immediately.
What a mess.
Page Removed as ACP Leader
Infighting within the Country Party over the end of the coalition with UAP has reached its apex, with the party unanimously removing Earle Page as leader and replacing him with Arthur Fadden.
Interesting.
J.B. Miles Resigns
Due to his decreasing health and enduring a series of leadership arguments which have rocked the Australasian Council of Trade Unions, J.B. Miles finally agreed to resign his position as leader of the Maximists. Before his resignation Miles was virtually powerless as the Chairman, with those who suggesting that his successor, Lance Sharkey, was the one who slowly eroded Miles' leadership. What has been broadcast so far implies and that Miles' resignation was far from willing, but questions regarding the matter are so far very few. Despite this Miles has reaffirmed his commitment to the Maximists and will continue to support them.
Too bad.
Death of David Murray Anderson
Today all flags within Sydney are being flow at half-mast after the sudden death of Sir David Murray Anderson. Sir Anderson, the current sitting governor of New South Wales, is most famously known for his successful evacuation of the British Colonies in the East Indies, saving thousands of lives as well as a large portion of the British Pacific Fleet. While Sir Anderson has been ill for some time, leaving Sir Phillip Street to fill in for his public appearances, he has been vocal in supporting the Australasian Guard as 'the only right-thinking men in Australasia' who would be capable of enacting his plans to retake the East Indies. His death has only further built support for the right-wing movement.
A fine man.
Resignation of Fred Paterson
The 'People's Champion' Fred Paterson, after years of strong leadership, has decided to step down as Chairman of the ACTU citing family and health as the reason. While he may no longer be the leader of the ACTU, he will take over as vice-chairman for the new leader. The first choice to replace him is Elsie Farrelly, a renowned socialist and feminist who made several successful strides to empower working class women. The other choice is the scholar and philosopher, John Anderson. He has pushed for many reforms to help our comrades seek higher education and pursue greater knowledge. Both are quite worthy of the position but only one can be chosen.
Elsie Farrely will take his place.
John Anderson is the appropriate choice.
Death of John Curtin
Having suffered from deteriorating health for a number of years, Prime Minister John Curtin today died of heart failure at the Lodge in Canberra. The long-time leader of the Labor party, Curtin was well-respected across the country but being Prime Minister led to a sharp decline in his health over the previous few years. His body was returned to his home city of Perth on a RAAF Dakota, escorted by a flight of nine fighter aircraft. After lying in state, he was buried at Karrakatta Cemetery in Perth, with his funeral route being lined by over 100,000 people with the service itself being attended by over 30,000.
Having suffered from deteriorating health for a number of years, John Curtin today died of heart failure at his offices in Canberra. The long-time leader of the Labor party, Curtin was well-respected across the country. After lying in state, he was buried at Karrakatta Cemetery in his home city of Perth, with his funeral route being lined by over 100,000 people with the service itself being attended by over 30,000.
A great Australasian passes.
The New Leader of Labor
With the death of Curtin, the temporary head of the Labor party, Ben Chifley, faces an election to determine whether his leadership will be permanent, or whether it will fall to the popular up-and-comer, Peter Fraser. Most consider the chances of either succeeding in the tight race to be even.
Chifley remains the Labor leader.
Peter Fraser takes control of the party.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Claims New Guinea
The [From.GetAdjective] government, pursuing a revanchist policy which it calls the Anderson Doctrine, has laid a claim on the northern part of New Guinea and the archipelagos immediately to its east, citing [Root.GetNameDef]'s control over the region to be contrary to its national interest.
Outrageous!
They shall not have it!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Claims Melanesia
The [From.GetAdjective] government, pursuing a revanchist policy which it calls the Anderson Doctrine, has laid a claim on the Melanesian Islands, citing that they were only lost due to Germany's assumption of control following the Weltkrieg, and that they are part of [From.GetNameDef]'s eminent domain.
Australasia Claims the South Pacific
The [From.GetAdjective] government, pursuing a revanchist policy which it calls the Anderson Doctrine, has laid a claim on the southern Pacific Islands, citing that they were only lost due to Germany's assumption of control following the Weltkrieg, and that they are part of [From.GetNameDef]'s eminent domain.
Australasia Claims the [Root.GetAdjective] East Indies
The [From.GetAdjective] government, pursuing a revanchist policy which it calls the Anderson Doctrine, has laid a claim on the islands north of New Guinea - all of which were once part of the Spanish East Indies and sold to Germany following Spain's lost in their war with the United States. [From.GetNameDefCap] has declared [Root.GetNameDef]'s control over the region to be contrary to its national interest.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Claims Singapore
The [From.GetAdjective] government, pursuing a revanchist policy which it calls the Anderson Doctrine, has laid a claim on Singapore - the last bastion of the United Kingdom as it held out against Germany in the final days of the Weltkrieg. Whether [From.GetNameDef] seeks it for their own or on behalf of their allies remains to be seen.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Claims Northern Borneo
The [From.GetAdjective] government, pursuing a revanchist policy which it calls the Anderson Doctrine, has laid a claim on northern Borneo - no doubt at the prompting of the White Rajah, the man who used to run the kingdom of Sarawak as his own personal playground and would like to see it restored.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Claims Malaya
The [From.GetAdjective] government, pursuing a revanchist policy which it calls the Anderson Doctrine, has laid a claim on the Malay peninsula, citing that it was taken from the British following the end of the Weltkrieg and thus is properly part of [From.GetNameDef]'s eminent domain.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Claims Western New Guinea
The [From.GetAdjective] government, pursuing a revanchist policy which it calls the Anderson Doctrine, has laid a claim on the western part of the island of New Guinea. While they cite that the region is integral to their security needs, truly they have no claim to it and this is merely further evidence of their expansionist, imperialistic policies.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Claims Timor
The [From.GetAdjective] government, pursuing a revanchist policy which it calls the Anderson Doctrine, has laid a claim on the island of Timor. While they cite that the island is integral to their security needs, truly they have no claim to it and this is merely further evidence of their expansionist, imperialistic policies.
The [From.GetAdjective] Ultimatum
The [From.GetAdjective] government has sent an ultimatum: either we hand over the lands they currently claim under the mandate of the Anderson Doctrine, currently held by our [puppet_owner.GetAdjective] subjects, or they will take them by force.
The [From.GetAdjective] government has sent an ultimatum: either we hand over the lands they currently claim under the mandate of the Anderson Doctrine, or they will take them by force.
We have no choice - let them have the land.
What? No! They will have to fight for it.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Gives Away our Land
Our [From.GetAdjective] overlords have agreed to a demand from [AST.GetNameDef] that the lands they claim under their revanchist Anderson Doctrine mandate be turned over immediately. Apparently, they fear [Ast.GetNameDef] will back up their demands with war?
It seems we have no choice in the matter...
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Relented
It appears luck is with us - [From.GetNameDef] has relented to our demands and agreed to turn over our claims at once. War will be unnecessary.
A prudent choice on their part.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused
It seems that [From.GetNameDef] has refused to give into our demands. We have no choice but to back up our words with force.
So be it!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Seizes New Guinea
With [Root.GetAdjective] forces occupied in our current war, and none present in New Guinea, [From.GetAdjective] troops have crossed the border and seized the territory. There appears to be little we can do about it, at the moment.
Vile opportunists!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Seizes New Guinea
With [Root.GetAdjective] forces occupied in our current war, and none present in the western part of New Guinea, [From.GetAdjective] troops have crossed the border and seized the territory. There appears to be little we can do about it, at the moment.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Seizes Timor
With [Root.GetAdjective] forces occupied in our current war, and none present on the island of Timor, [From.GetAdjective] troops have landed there and seized the territory. There appears to be little we can do about it, at the moment.
Returning British Lands
Now that the Home Lands have been restored, it is time we consider what to do with the lands taken via the Anderson Doctrine - they are, after all, lands we recovered for the sake of the British, while they were unable to do so on their own. It's possible they might simply let us keep it all. We did all the work, after all. Some in our cabinet are suggesting that [Root.GetNameDef] shouldn't make the offer. Australasian soldiers did shed blood for it, did we not?
We should offer it back.
No - we will protect it better than they did.
The [From.GetAdjective] Offer
The [From.GetAdjective] government has contacted us with an offer - now that we have been restored, the lands they took in our name through the Anderson Doctrine are rightfully ours to take back, so they say. Considering that [From.GetNameDef] expended a great deal of blood and effort to get them, however, perhaps it's worth recognising that they offer more protection for these colonies than we could ever provide?
We will gladly accept their offer.
They fought for it, they can keep it.
The Lands are Returned
With hearty thanks, the [From.GetAdjective] government has accepted the return of their former colonies. A great ceremony took place in Canberra to commemorate the occasion, and rewards were handed out to many members of the [Root.GetAdjective] for the part they played in restoring the British Empire.
Well done, us!
We are to Keep the Colonies
With a heart thanks for the offer, the [From.GetAdjective] government has declined to take the colonies back. [Root.GetNameDefCap], they say, can clearly offer better protection for these lands than they ever could, and they trust we will administer them as they would.
Oh? That's nice of them to say.
Syndicalist Takeover in [FROM.GetNonIdeologyName]
The recent revolution in [FROM.GetNameDef] presents an imminent threat to us, we do however have an opportunity to act. If we swiftly move our forces in New Guinea, we can sweep across the Owen-Stanley Ranges and seize the territory of Papua before they have a chance to react.
The Internationale must be contained!
We can't spare the resources...
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] Seizes Papua!
With the nation in chaos from our recent revolution the [FROM.GetAdjective] government has seized the territory of Papua under the guise of containing the spread of syndicalism. They have refused on protestations and our only recourse would be war but this may be a war we cannot currently afford.
So be it.
New Guard Coup in [FROM.GetNonIdeologyName]
According to recent news from [FROM.GetNonIdeologyName], the New Guard has managed to overthrow the syndicalist government and bring the country back into the Entente sphere. Since this removed the threat to us, we can give them back Papua... if that's what we want to do.
[ENT.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] Restores Order in [AST.GetNonIdeologyName]
The coalition of Entente forces managed to overthrow the syndicalist regime and restore peace to [AST.GetNonIdeologyName]. Since this removes the threat to us, we can give them back Papua... if that's what we want to do.
They are its rightful owners.
Finders, keepers!
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] Returns Papua
With the elimination of the threat from the illegal syndicalist regime, the [FROM.GetAdjective] government has decided to return our part of Papua to us.
Excellent!
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] Retains Papua
Even though peace has been restored to our country, the [FROM.GetAdjective] forces have decided to maintain their illegal occupation of our part of Papua. Unfortunately, there is nothing we can do about it
We will remember this!
Syndicalists Take Over Australasia
The recent election in the Australasian Confederation saw victory for the Labor Party led by John Curtin, but within days after his victory radical elements within the Labor Party rose up and took control. These radicals are loyal to the Australasian Council of Trade Unions, the ACTU being the most prominent syndicalist faction in the Antipodes, in hiding since the Melbourne Commune uprising of 1924 and the subsequent suppression of unions by Governor General William Birdwood's government.\n\nThe coup has left the nation in shock, with syndicalist loyalists already taking to the streets across Australasia to prevent demonstrations and outbreaks of violence.
A welcome addition to the world revolution!
How alarming.
Syndicalism returns to our hemisphere...
The Australasian Guard
Surprising news from [AST.GetNameDef] as Eric Campbell's Centre Party managed a come-from-behind victory in the recent elections. The Centre Party is the political front for the Australasian Guard, a paramilitary organisation made up of ex-servicemen who fought in the Weltkrieg. These right-wing authoritarians have long criticised the Australasian government for not going far enough in its suppression of Syndicalism, and gained admiration for their assistance in quelling the Melbourne Commune uprising in 1924. Their popularity only further increased as they maintained order during the recent labour violence following the 1936 election. It is unknown what effect this turn towards authoritarianism will have on the country, though the Entente is relieved at the Guard's fervent dedication to the British Empire.
Interesting.
The Australasia First Movement
Surprising news from [AST.GetNameDef] as Percy Stephensen's AFM managed to gain control of parliament in the recent elections. The Australasia First Movement is an anti-British party which has been capitalising on anti-war sentiment in Australasia, and now promises to cut all ties to the British crown in addition to an eventual withdrawal from the Entente alliance.\nThe group is renowned for its authoritarian syncretic rhetoric, and expectations are high that Prime Minister Stephensen will quickly take steps to eliminate democratic rule in Australasia in addition to his transformation of the country into a republic. Already demonstrations as well as violent encounters led by the Australasian Guard have broke out across the nation, and it is currently unknown if the Entente intends to intervene.
Interesting.
Australasian Guard Coup
Shocking news from [AST.GetNameDef] as the Australsian Guard, a group of right-wing authoritarians who have long criticised the Australasian government for not going far enough in its suppression of syndicalism, and who lost in their recent electoral bid by a fair margin, have seized control of the government.\n\nLed by Field Marshal Thomas Blamey, the new government immediately promised that [AST.GetNameDef] would do whatever it took to stamp out syndicalism within Australasia. Blamey also stated Australasia would dedicate itself fully to the Entente alliance as a proud and loyal member of the British Empire. Demonstrations have already broken out across the nation, and thus Australasia faces an uncertain and likely unstable future.
Shocking news from [AST.GetNameDef] as the Australasian Guard, a group of right-wing authoritarians who are vehemently anti-syndicalist and pro-monarchist, have stormed the Australasian parliament in Canberra and seized control of the government.\n\nLed by Field Marshal Thomas Blamey, the new government immediately promised [AST.GetNameDef] would do whatever it took to restore order in the nation and would immediately reverse all efforts to transform the nation into a republic outside of the British Empire. Some are viewing this as a restoration of the status quo, though it seems likely that this instability means further trouble ahead for the country.
How unexpected.
[AST.GetNameDefCap] Becomes a Republic
After a contentious parliamentary debate which, at times, threatened to cause a new outbreak of civil violence, the [AST.GetAdjective] government today ratified the so-called Australasian Constitutional Act which sees the country abandon the Westminster parliamentary system in favour of a republic.\n\nThis was done with the reluctant permission of [CAN_king_full_name], on the condition that [AST.GetNameDef] remain a staunch and loyal overseas ally.
After a contentious parliamentary debate which, at times, threatened to cause a new outbreak of civil violence, the [AST.GetAdjective] government today ratified the so-called Australasian Constitutional Act which sees the country abandon the Westminster parliamentary system in favour of a republic.\n\nThis was done with the reluctant permission of [CAN_king_full_name], though it has meant the withdrawal of [AST.GetNameDef] from the Entente alliance and its status as a member of the Commonwealth.
After a contentious parliamentary debate which, at times, threatened to cause a new outbreak of civil violence, the [AST.GetAdjective] government today ratified the so-called Australasian Constitutional Act which sees the country abandon the Westminster parliamentary system in favour of a republic.\n\nThis was done in defiance of [CAN_king_full_name], who expressed through his Governor General that the bill was an invalid one, and monarchists across the nation have decried the government's act as a treacherous one. So far this has meant ejection of [AST.GetNameDef] from the Entente alliance, and whether the British crown will go further as an act of reprisal remains to be seen.
Goodness!
The Second Melbourne Uprising
Massive unrest in the [AST.GetAdjective] Confederation has culminated in the Second Melbourne Uprising by syndicalists, mirroring the first such uprising that occurred in 1924 and which was crushed by both the government and paramilitary forces.\n\nThis time, however, the unpopular Australasian Guard-led government folded under pressure from the public and has turned over control of the government to the Australasian Council of Trade Unions - which has promised the public a restoration of order and a fair deal for the [AST.GetAdjective] working man. The revolution has rippled across the country and led to outbreaks of even more demonstrations, and so far it is unknown whether the Entente will step in to intervene.
A welcome addition to the world revolution!
How alarming.
The Second Melbourne Uprising
Massive unrest in the [AST.GetAdjective] Confederation has culminated in the Second Melbourne Uprising by syndicalists, mirroring the first such uprising that occurred in 1924 and which was crushed by both the government and paramilitary forces.\n\nThe unpopular Australasian Guard-led government ordered [AST.GetAdjective] soldiers to open fire on the protestors, leading to a bloodbath which has left hundreds dead and chaos reigning in the southern city for weeks. While the Guard appears to have the situation under control now and has tried to block any information getting out from Melbourne, the unprecedented violence has led to condemnation for [AST.GetNameDef] from around the world.
How alarming.
The Second Melbourne Uprising
Massive unrest in the [AST.GetAdjective] Confederation has culminated in the Second Melbourne Uprising by syndicalists, mirroring the first such uprising that occurred in 1924 and which was crushed by both the government and paramilitary forces. Deciding against turning their guns against the crowds, the incredibly unpopular Australasian Guard government has turned to the British for aid. As in 1924, the British have invoked the Emergency Protocols act and taken direct control of [AST.GetNameDef], the Governor General demanding Prime Minister Eric Campbell step down and passing a series of acts to attempt a compromise. The situation in the country has finally quietened, though it finds itself back at the point it was in 1936 when the first elections were called: under authoritarian British rule, with a mandate to protect order at all costs.
How alarming.
The New Zealand Crisis
A crisis appears to be deepening in [AST.GetNameDef] as news organisations report a severing of ties between the [AST.GetAdjective] state of New Zealand and the mainland. Support in New Zealand for the new syndicalist government has never been strong, and reports indicate that the state has offered a safe haven to New Guard paramilitary forces fleeing the mainland after failing to overthrow the Canberra government in a recent coup attempt.\n\nWith portions of the [AST.GetAdjective] navy and army already defecting to New Zealand, the prospect of war looms... one which, it is feared, may even draw the Entente into a final showdown with the [AST.GetAdjective] syndicalists.
A crisis appears to be deepening in [AST.GetNameDef] as news organisations report a severing of ties between the [AST.GetAdjective] state of New Zealand and the mainland. Support in New Zealand for the new AFM government has never been strong, particularly after its severance of ties with the Entente alliance, and reports indicate that the state has offered a safe haven to New Guard paramilitary forces fleeing the mainland after failing to overthrow the Canberra government in a recent coup attempt.\n\nWith portions of the [AST.GetAdjective] navy and army already defecting to New Zealand, the prospect of war looms... one which, it is feared, may even draw the Entente into a final showdown with the [AST.GetAdjective] republicans.
How alarming.
New Zealand Votes For Independence
After a recent divisive referendum, the Australasian state of New Zealand today voted for independence from the larger confederation.\n\nNew Zealanders have long resented their annexation by the mainland following the British invocation of the Conservation of Resources Act in 1924, and that resentment boiled over into a campaign for independence following the imposition of conscription by the mainland. The Canberra government has given its reluctant blessing for the state's secession, expected to begin taking effect immediately.
Interesting.
Restoration of Democracy in Australasia
[AST.GetNameDefCap] has been under the authoritarian rule of Governor General William Birdwood since the British invocation of the Emergency Protocols in 1924, considered by many in the nation to have been a heavy-handed response to the Melbourne Commune syndicalist uprising. Birdwood finally relented to calls for an open election, leading to the expected result of Stanley Bruce's United Australasia Party achieving a majority government in the Canberra parliament.\n\nBruce is expected to have a tough time ahead of him, with labour unrest on the rise and calls for the revocation of Birdwood's more egregious restrictions on personal liberty.
Interesting.
[AST.GetNameDefCap] has been under the authoritarian rule of Governor General William Birdwood since the British invocation of the Emergency Protocols in 1924, considered by many in the nation to have been a heavy-handed response to the Melbourne Commune syndicalist uprising. Birdwood finally relented to calls for an open election, leading to the surprise result of Earle Page's Country Party achieving a minority government in the Canberra parliament.\n\nPage is expected to have a tough time ahead of him, with labour unrest on the rise and calls for the revocation of Birdwood's more egregious restrictions on personal liberty.
[AST.GetNameDefCap] has been under the authoritarian rule of Governor General William Birdwood since the British invocation of the Emergency Protocols in 1924, considered by many in the nation to have been a heavy-handed response to the Melbourne Commune syndicalist uprising. Birdwood finally relented to calls for an open election, leading to John Curtin's Labor Party achieving a slim majority in parliament.\n\nAfter radicals in the party associated with the Australasian Council of Trade Unions failed to take over the Labor Party and subsequently having been ejected, Curtin is expected to have a tough time ahead with renewed labour unrest and pressure from more hard-line members of parliament to immediately suppress syndicalist activism.
John Bramwell Miles
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 5th, 1888, in Wilton, Roxburghshire, Scotland§!
Lawrence Louis Sharkey
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 19th, 1898, in Cargo, Colony of New South Wales§!
Frederick Woolnough Paterson
§YBorn:§! §LJune 13th, 1897, in Gladstone, Colony of Queensland§!
John Anderson
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 1st, 1893, in Stonehouse, Lanarkshire, Scotland§!
John Smith Garden
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 13th, 1882, in Lossiemouth, Banffshire, Scotland§!
Percy Reginald Stephensen
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 20th, 1901, in Maryborough, Queensland, Commonwealth of Australia§!
William John Rendell Scott
§YBorn:§! §LJune 21st, 1888, in Bingara, Colony of New South Wales§!
John Curtin
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 8th, 1885, in Creswick, Colony of Victoria§!
Joseph Benedict Chifley
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 22nd, 1885, in Bathurst, Colony of New South Wales§!
John Thomas 'Jack' Lang
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 21st, 1876, in Sydney, Colony of New South Wales§!
Earle Christmas Grafton Page
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 8th, 1880, in Grafton, Colony of New South Wales§!
Arthur William Fadden
§YBorn:§! §LApril 13th, 1894, in Ingham, Queensland, Australia§!
Stanley Melbourne Bruce
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1883, in Melbourne, Colony of Victoria§!
Robert Gordon Menzies
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 20th, 1894, in Jeparit, Colony of Victoria§!
William Morris Hughes
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1862, in London, England§!
Eric Campbell
§YBorn:§! §LApril 11th, 1893, in Young, Colony of New South Wales§!
William Riddel Birdwood
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 13th, 1865, in Poona, Presidency of Bombay, British India§!
Alexander Hore-Ruthven
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 6th, 1872, in Windsor, Berkshire, England§!
Federal Parliament
§YFounded:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1901, in the Royal Exhibition Building, Melbourne, Victoria, Commonwealth of Australia§!
Clifton Reginald Walker
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1890, in Sydney, Colony of New South Wales§!
Herbert Moxon
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 25th, 1886, in Sydney, Colony of New South Wales§!
James Healy
§YBorn:§! §LJune 24th, 1898, in Melbourne, Colony of Victoria§!
Jack Henry
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1892, in Brisbane, Colony of Queensland§!
John Cain
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 19th, 1882, in Melbourne, Colony of Victoria§!
Maurice McCrae Blackburn
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 19th, 1880, in Inglewood, Colony of Victoria§!
Herbert Vere Evatt
§YBorn:§! §LApril 30th, 1894, in Maitland, Colony of New South Wales§!
Francis Michael Forde
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 18th, 1890, in Mitchell, Colony of Queensland§!
Edward John Ward
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1899, in Sydney, Colony of New South Wales§!
Stanley Kerin Amour
§YBorn:§! §LMay 15th, 1900, in Sydney, Colony of New South Wales§!
Archie Galbraith Cameron
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 22nd, 1895, in Happy Valley, Colony of South Australia§!
John Mcewen
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 29th, 1900, in Chiltern, Colony of Victoria§!
Joseph Aloysius Lyons
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1879, in Stanley, Colony of Tasmania§!
Eric John Harrison
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 7th, 1892, in Surry Hills, Colony of New South Wales§!
Richard Gavin Gardiner Casey
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 29th, 1890, in Brisbane, Colony of Queensland§!
Milton Livingstone Fredericks Jarvie
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 12th, 1891, in Pyramil, Colony of New South Wales§!
James Mitchell
§YBorn:§! §LApril 27th, 1866, in Dardanup, Colony of Western Australia§!
Howard Walter Florey
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1898, in Adelaide, Colony of South Australia§!
Leslie Thomas Cahill
§YBorn:§! §L1900, in Sydney, Colony of New South Wales§!
Ian Mayelston Mudie
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1911, in Adelaide, South Australia, Commonwealth of Australia§!
Charles Lydiard Aubrey Abbott
§YBorn:§! §LMay 4th, 1886, in Sydney, Colony of New South Wales§!
Reginald Walter Darcy Weaver
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 18th, 1876, in Sydney, Colony of New South Wales§!
Caleb Grafton Roberts
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1898, in Sydney, Colony of New South Wales§!
Thomas Albert Blamey
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 24th, 1884, in Wagga Wagga, Colony of New South Wales§!
Cyril Brudenell Bingham White
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1876, in St Arnaud, Colony of Victoria§!
Henry Douglas Wynter
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1886, in Walla, Colony of Queensland§!
John Dudley Lavarack
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 19th, 1885, in Brisbane, Colony of Queensland§!
George Alan Vasey
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 29th, 1895, in Malvern, Colony of Victoria§!
Horace Clement Hugh Robertson
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 29th, 1894, in Warrnambool, Colony of Victoria§!
Iven Giffard Mackay
§YBorn:§! §LApril 7th, 1882, in Grafton, Colony of New South Wales§!
John Northcott
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 24th, 1890, in Creswick, Colony of Victoria§!
Leslie James Morshead
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 18th, 1889, in Ballarat, Colony of Victoria§!
Frank Horton Berryman
§YBorn:§! §LApril 11th, 1894, in Geelong, Colony of Victoria§!
John Clarebrough
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 25th, 1894, in Melbourne, Colony of Victoria§!
Thomas Fannell
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Commonwealth of Australia§!
Ragnar Musgrave Colvin
§YBorn:§! §LMay 7th, 1882, in London, England§!
Harold Bruce Farncomb
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 28th, 1899, in Sydney, Colony of New South Wales§!
Victor Alexander Charles Crutchley
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 2nd, 1893, in London, England§!
John Augustine Collins
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 7th, 1899, in Deloraine, Colony of Tasmania§!
John Gregory Crace
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 6th, 1887, in Gungahleen, Colony of New South Wales§!
Vernon Ashton Hobart Sturdee
§YBorn:§! §LApril 16th, 1890, in Melbourne, Colony of Victoria§!
Sydney Fairbairn Rowell
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1894, in Lockleys, Colony of South Australia§!
Richard Williams
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 3rd, 1890, in Moonta Mines, Colony of South Australia§!
George Jones
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1896, in Rushworth, Colony of Victoria§!
Clive Selwyn Steele
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 30th, 1892, in Melbourne, Colony of Victoria§!
Herbert William Lloyd
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 18th, 1883, in Melbourne, Colony of Victoria§!
Reginald Miles
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 10th, 1892, in Springston, Colony of New Zealand§!
Stanley James Goble
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 21st, 1891, in Melbourne, Colony of Victoria§!
Patrick Perry
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 14th, 1903, in Oakey, Queensland, Commonwealth of Australia§!
Arthur Samuel Allen
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 10th, 1894, in Hurstville, Colony of New South Wales§!
Ronald Nicholas Lamond Hopkins
§YBorn:§! §LMay 24th, 1897, in Stawell, Colony of Victoria§!
William Dowling Bostock
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 5th, 1892, in Sydney, Colony of New South Wales§!
Marcus Laurence Elwin Oliphant
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1901, in Adelaide, South Australia, Commonwealth of Australia§!
Ruby Violet Payne-Scott
Nancy Grace Augusta Wake
Charles Howard 'Dick' Ellis
Roland Griffiths-Marsh
New Zealander
§LA military leader from New Zealand, who will return to their home country if it is restored or breaks off.§!
Sedulous Conciliator
Pragmatic Labour Man
The Big Fella
Tempestuous Country Man
Australian Aristocrat
Defender of the Individual
Unswerving Loyalist
