Ethiopia Focus Tree
YITMK
Ye Ityopia T'ek'ilayi Mīnīsitiri Konifīsheri
MEMN
Mela Ethiopia Mahiberati Niqinaqē
YISP
Ye Ityopia Serategnoch Parti
YHADIG
Ye'ītiyop'iya Hizibochi Abiyotawī Dīmokirasīyawī Ginibari
KLIL
K'inijiti Le'ānidineti Ina Ledēmokirasī
YYDH
Yetebaberuti Ye'ītiyop'iya Dēmokirasīyawī Hayilochi
DL
Dīmokirasīyawī Līgi
YTT
Yeselomoni Tamanyi Tamanyochi
YK
Yemeka'ānichi Kawinisili
YM
Yepopilaniti Mekoninochi
A Popular Constitution was approved
An Imperial Constitution was approved
A Noble Constitution was approved
The DKAEB is owned by the Ethiopian state
The DKAEB is owned by international companies
The DKAEB is owned by Mittelafrika
The DKAEB is owned by Mantetsu
The §YDKAEB Railroad§! currently prioritises German goods over our own interests. This state modifier decreases local supplies by §R10%§!, division speed by §R10%§!, and §Rdisables§! strategic redeployment.\n
The §YDKAEB Railroad§! modifier will be upgraded, increasing local supplies by §G15%§!, division speed by §G15%§!, and §Genabling§! strategic redeployment.\n
Our nation has tied itself to the German Empire.
Our nation has made overtures to Japan.
We will create §Ya new constitution§! based on the reforms passed so far.
§RIf Eritrea is not properly integrated by the time we enter conflict, we shouldn't expect them to remain loyal!§!\n
§HWe will maintain links with the Germans.§!
§HWe will seek a separate course from the Germans.§!
Foreign Military Mission
Ethiopian Electric Power Corporation
University College of Addis Ababa
Addis Ababa Arsenal
State Artillery Factory
Imperial Railway Company of Ethiopia
Addis Ababa Aircraft Workshop
Massawa Naval Yard
Crippling Debt
Our debt has reached a critical level and is a crippling burden on the shoulders of the state. People have begun to call the independence of Ethiopia into question because of how much our debt has tied us down.
Monumental Debt
Despite our large amount of debt, which is preventing us from undertaking large-scale projects, we have managed to lessen the burden it has had on the state.
Immense Debt
Despite our vast debt, which has prevented us from enacting several measures, we have managed to substantially decrease it due to debt management efforts.
Handled Debt
Despite remaining at large, our debt is fairly manageable and no longer as limiting.
Manageable Debt
The status of our debt has been reduced to that of a nuisance. However, it still interferes with and prevents us from undertaking future goals.
Increased Military Budget
We've decided to focus our budget primarily on military expenditure.
Increased Production Budget
We've decided to focus our budget primarily on production and industrial expansion.
Increased Construction Budget
We've decided to focus our budget primarily on infrastructural upgrades and our construction capability.
German Military Advisors
Our military officers are working closely with German military advisors to help modernise and better discipline our armed forces.
Japanese Military Advisors
Our military officers are working closely with Japanese military advisors to help modernise and better discipline our armed forces.
Surplus of Food
With the issue of famine now solved, our population and economy have been projected to grow in the medium term.
Ethiopia Scout Association
The youth of our nation, now joining the ESA in droves, possess both noble and admirable goals and will work towards becoming valued and honoured citizens of the empire.
Slavery
Slavery is an extremely widespread practice within Ethiopia. Despite efforts, which were mostly symbolic in nature, undertaken by former emperors following Menelik II, slavery and descendants of slaves continue to exist and, despite working hard, receive no pay for their efforts. This institution is both inefficient and a great source of shame for Ethiopia as the practice of slavery is seen as improper for any civilised nation.
Land Income
We're now utilising our lands much more efficiently and managing them with modern methods. This has greatly impacted our agricultural output.
Aristocratic Military
Positions held within our armed forces are determined by birth and all of the top positions are held by men who are of noble blood and, yet, of questionable competence.
Freedom of Speech
We now possess laws to protect the people's right to and freedom of speech. Furthermore, we also possess the political will to enforce these new laws.
Ethiopian Prosperity
Poverty prevents our citizens from experiencing potential material gain and prosperity. We must protect even the poorest of our subjects, to ensure that each and every single one of them can possess an optimistic future.
Empire of the Lion
The Lion of Judah is more than just a mere dynastic symbol. It stands for all the hardships and challenges that Ethiopia, the one nation to survive colonialism and even triumph against the colonisers, has overcome. Time and time again, in our thousand-year history, the empire has stood tall since the Heirs of Solomon had first set foot here.
Imperial Inspiration
Our Emperor is a man who, himself, is larger than life. To any foreigner, he may seem meek in personality and small in stature. However, when he speaks, all listen. He inherited a broken and bankrupt empire from Zewditu, and everyone can see, yet only few understand, the greatness he truly stands for.
Fringe Integration
Since our proclamation of equality before the law our relationship with those outside of Amhara society and culture has substantially improved. Although they may still resent the dominance of northern officials and culture they are more willing to accept at least the nominal authority of Imperial officials and government.
Trained Pilots
A piloting school, headed by foreign advisors, has been opened in Addis Ababa.
Anti-imperialist Spirit
Those who would attempt to conquer us continually underestimate us. From Wofla to Adwa, envious vultures attempt to break our spirit and subjugate the free people of Ethiopia. Never shall they succeed!
Ethiopian Guns
By utilising foreign expertise and basing our designs off external blueprints, we can ensure Ethiopian-made guns, made by Ethiopians for Ethiopians, are of the highest calibre whilst remaining inexpensive.
Army of Levies
Ethiopia, unlike the powers of the modern era, does not possess a united and organised army. The 'army' of Ethiopia, in fact, belongs to individual lords, whose men are loyal to them and only them.
Nationalised Railway
We've now nationalised our railways, ensuring that they are Imperial property. We will take good care of them, ensuring that the transportation of goods and troops flows swiftly and efficiently.
Privatised Railway
We will allow the German-owned railways to continue operation under German personnel, however we will continually monitor them, ensuring that their quality remains of the highest calibre.
Expand the Railway
Expanding the current railway system is crucial to the long-term benefit of our nation. Lines of communication, the distribution of goods, and the movement of troops are all equally important and will help our nation prosper. Thankfully, the Emperor understands the importance of transportation.
Southern Railway Expansion
The next step of our railway expansion plan is to connect the southernmost regions of the empire to the rest of our infrastructure and, hopefully, the rest of the nation.
Expand the Railway into Eritrea
The next step of our railway expansion plan is to connect the empire's only coastal region, Eritrea, to the rest of the nation, improve the prosperity of people living there, and better manage the flow of goods in the region.
Make Them Speak Amharic
While in the past every province and region could operate as an entity unto itself that time has long since passed and today allowing distant regions to operate by their own rules only furthers the danger of detachment and ultimately the disintegration of the whole realm. With Eritrea firmly under the control of the Emperor we will enforce the use of Amharic in official matters and encourage its use in commerce and public life.
Elite Integration
With proper displays and incentives we can show the Mesafint of Eritrea the benefits of returning to the fold and the consequences of remaining on the outside of our protection.
Officer Integration
Many of our veteran fighters had served under the Italians and others under private militias after the Liberation. We should apply the same principles we'd applied then and take steps to seamlessly integrate the Eritrean forces into the Ethiopian military.
Massawa Naval Base
We will spare no expense in the creation of a port in Massawa, which will be so grand, that it will blow away the naval empires of today as it will showcase the true naval strength of the empire!
Integration of Eritrea
Twenty years later, unrest within Eritrea has almost subsided and the people living within the region are beginning to form an optimistic view of the empire. It seems that, in the near future, potential unrest will begin to decline.
Develop Eritrea
Unlike the Italian imperialists, who had rarely invested in Eritrea, as a show of goodwill, we will begin heavy investments into the region.
Invest in Industry
Industrialisation is the only way forward. We cannot avoid this crucial policy as the empire requires more factories to boost its production.
Equality Before the Law
Much of the fringes of Ethiopia is occupied by people with long standing rivalries and discontent with the Amhara people and culture which dominates the Ethiopian state. By ensuring that these people are at least nominally equal in the eyes of the law to any Amhara person we can earn much goodwill and facilitate their integration with the rest of the country.
Southern Industrial Expansion
We shall expand our industrialisation programme and create new factories in the southern portion of our nation. That way, profits and jobs from this sector of the economy will be better distributed, boosting both productivity and profit.
Ethiopian Military on the DKAEB
We must demand our partners allow our troops priority on the DKAEB railroad throughout our lands. Without this, we will be hamstrung by the preference the railroad currently gives to their troops.
German Investment
Since we have demonstrated our relative stability and unwavering loyalty towards Germany, perhaps they could begin investing abroad, in Ethiopia, to help combat the effects of Black Monday and, in the process, help better develop Ethiopia.
German Aid
We will ensure Ethiopia does not forget Germany's backing to our claim on Eritrea in the Treaty of Vicenza. German investors, private and state-sponsored, will help bring prosperity to Ethiopia.
German Military Mission
Since we've already reached out to Germany with regards to receiving investment and aid, it would also be in our best interest to request military advisors in order to learn how to better drill our soldiers, improve our tactics, and, overall, modernise our army.
A German Partner
With our industry booming and local enemies dealt with, it is time to turn our attention to the world at large, and perhaps aid the Germans in this Weltkrieg like we did in the last.
Japanese Investment
Perhaps Japan could begin investing in Ethiopia to help combat the effects of Black Monday and, in the process, help better develop Ethiopia.
Japanese Aid
Japanese investors, private and state-sponsored, will help bring prosperity to Ethiopia.
Japanese Military Mission
Since we've already reached out to Japan with regards to receiving investment and aid, it would also be in our best interest to request military advisors in order to learn how to better drill our soldiers, improve our tactics, and, overall, modernise our army.
A Japanese Partner
With our industry booming and local enemies dealt with, it is time to turn our attention to the world at large.
Deal with our Debt
By the time of the Weltkrieg, our national debt had, and has continued to, spiral out of control. Sorely needed reforms cannot be enacted until the issue of the debt has been fully dealt with.
Tax the Church
Alas, we must turn to taxing the church as the funds are desperately required by the empire to pay off its debt.
Tax Slave-owners
A large majority, if not all, slave owners are well off. By taxing slaves, we can extract more wealth from the extremely well-to-do citizens of our nation. While this may be seen as controversial by some, it will be a great boon to our budget.
Tax the Oromo
The Oromo people have been granted many privileges. We will need to end them in order to promote equality within the empire and improve our budget and, by extension, our ability to pay off our debt.
Introduce Taxation to Eritrea
With the return of Eritrea to our control following the Treaty of Vicenza, special privileges were given to the them within the empire. However, the time for them has ended as most Eritreans see themselves as Ethiopians anyway and, if they truly believe themselves worthy of our great nation, they must begin contributing towards the prosperity of the empire.
Budget Readjustment
Due to budget reform and readjustment, we can finally begin the next step of the Emperor's plan: reforming the Empire.
Selassie's Reforms
Haile Selassie I is a reformer in the best possible way. He is a dynamic man who understands what is required to modernise Ethiopia and drag it out of the past, which it has been stuck in for far too long. While the path of modernisation will not be easy, it says a lot about the King's character and his willingness to help his nation.
Educate the Slaves
With former slaves now free, it is clear that we must take steps to properly integrate them within Ethiopian society. Incidentally, this has also coincided with our plans to reform and expand the education system. By undertaking these planned reforms, we will ensure that the future minds of Ethiopia are well educated!
The Slavery Question
Slavery simply has no place in any modern nation, let alone the great empire envisioned by Haile Selassie I. Thankfully, the newly instituted slaveowner tax has meant that it is cheaper to hire workers than own slaves, and so the abolition of slavery will, most likely, not face great opposition. However, it will still be a massive undertaking to heal the social and cultural wounds endured by the oppressed folk.
Agriculture Initiative
Ensuring the existence of an organised agricultural sector, especially a prosperous one, is paramount to the future of the empire. As Ethiopia grows, so does its population and its food consumption. In order to avoid overextending our production capabilities and suffering from famines, we must begin undertaking significant agricultural reforms.
Land Reform
Land ownership within Ethiopia still operates based on an archaic system, where the people who hold the land only do so because of their abundant power or wealth. Legal ownership of land is uncommon and this has been a problem for quite a long time. It is time we begin the reformation of land ownership and distribution and actively enforce those laws.
Modernise the Bureaucracy
In order to modernise our empire, we must drag ourselves out of the Dark Ages of the Zemene Mesafint and begin centralisation, increasing efficiency within the government and the bureaucracy. Successfully implementing these new ideas, however, will be an arduous task.
The Question of Taxation
As it stands, we've no official tax code. In order to westernise our nation, reformation of the tax code is crucial. We currently have a few options in front of us: one, we can support the people and institute a land tax that will primarily fall on the wealthy, two, we can listen to our western advisors and push for a progressive tax system, and, three, we can listen to the aristocrats and institute a low, flat tax.
Permanent Feudal Borders
Order and stability within the empire are both of the utmost importance. We must decisively, yet gently, end the infighting between the upper classes lest they remain at each other's throats, threatening the empire's stability.
The Governorship Question
Deciding who will govern the various provinces of Ethiopia will be an extremely crucial decision, with many far-reaching consequences. That being said, we've a few options in front of us: we can allow the people to elect their respective governors, allow the Negus to appoint governors, or we can allow the upper class to govern their own lands.
Ethiopian Scout Association
The Ethiopian youth need to spend their bountiful energy in better, more productive pursuits. What better way to help them do that than by creating the Ethiopian Scout Association, a state-sponsored organisation which will help young men within our nation work on bettering the empire.
The Military Question
Currently, the officers within our army belong only to noble backgrounds or are members of the Selassie family, with commoners being denied promotion to most of the high positions within the military, no matter their competency. Perhaps we could allow commoners to serve as high-ranking officers within the army, promoting them based on merit instead of class.
Finish the Reforms
We've finally completed the reformation of the empire, with the only thing left being the ratification of those reforms through the creation of a new constitution.
New Constitution
A new constitution will be written up for the empire, containing and enforcing the reforms made by us during its drafting. The empire shall move forward, now stronger than ever!
The Sewochi's Negus
The legitimacy of a ruler is derived from the support of his people. Haile Selassie I will be the first Ethiopian emperor to grant control of vast parts of the state's apparatus to democratically elected officials. The voice of the common folk and the disenfranchised shall be heard.
Freedom of Speech
The people deserve the right to say as they please, no matter if we agree with them or not, and the state should defend their right to say those things. Disagreement is how we, as a nation, can bring forth new ideas and, ultimately, progress.
Freedom of Religion
Ethiopia, in its lengthy history, has been the home of people of many faiths. From the Jews of old Axum to the Muslims of the walled city of Harar, citizens of Ethiopia, no matter their religion, shall live peacefully and free, equal to all.
Enrich the People
Poverty prevents our citizens from experiencing potential material gain and prosperity. We must protect even the poorest of our subjects, to ensure that each and every single one of them can possess an optimistic future.
Hold Elections
Ethiopia, for the first time ever, will organise free and democratic elections. Political parties are beginning to rally, people are getting ready to vote, and many are eager for what lies ahead while others are anxious. Who shall be the first Prime Minister, appointed by His Majesty himself?
The Negusa Nagast
We've allowed men of inferior character and lesser status to impede Ethiopia's natural progression for far too long. We shall have to take measures to reorganise the empire in such a way that will allow for the Negus to rightfully assume a position of power and authority.
Revered Emperor
The citizens of Ethiopia must keep in mind that His Majesty, Haile Selassie I, has brought peace, stability, freedom, and justice to the reformed Empire of Ethiopia.
Control the Church
Those who are faithful require proper guidance. Not from those who would seek earthly power or material possession, but from those who will ensure that peace and stability are maintained within the empire through the blessed rule of the King of Kings.
Royal Advisors
Only those who are close, and qualified, advisors to the Emperor shall have a say in the governance of His Majesty's empire. That way, we can ensure efficient governance and quality leadership.
Lion of Judah
From the entourage who helped escort the Queen of Sheba back home, His Majesty, Selassie, is the embodiment of the symbol of the mighty lion and the 225th king from King David. The greatest of all earthly lords, His Majesty has had a legacy so grand, that it outshines even his mighty efforts to help further Ethiopia's glory.
The Mekwanint's Negus
The noble lords and ladies of Ethiopia have managed to hold the empire together for millennia and shall continue to do so! Concerns such as the budget and management of the military are too trivial to bother the mighty King of Kings. Instead, his vassals shall tend to these affairs in his stead.
Noble Investments
We shall ensure that Ethiopia acquires whatever it deems necessary, by any means necessary. No matter the cost nor the people we shall deal with in order to acquire these necessities.
Power of Tradition
Nobles are of such high stature not because of their blood or ancestral ties, but because they have been trained from birth to obtain and better their skills as administrators, soldiers, or businessmen. Why alter a system that has worked, and will continue to work, for millennia?
Mekwanint Armies
Our armies possess men who have been trained from birth to effectively and decisively lead our troops. In addition, with the recent acquisition of proper equipment and superior training for our foot soldiers, victory is only a natural outcome against any foe.
Power to the Council
It is time for a council made up of nobles to seize full power of the government from Selassie's thugs. From now on, Selassie will rule as a King among Kings, remaining a weak figurehead for the council to rally behind, if needed.
Military Reforms
Our military's performance during the Weltkrieg was, unfortunately, very poor. We shall evaluate the reason for this and discover a proper solution, so that we may reclaim and retake our territory in Ogaden; rightfully ours by treaty and law.
Hire Askari Veterans
Many of the Askari veterans within Mittelafrika tire of their garrison duty, constantly patrolling for unseen foes. We shall bring them here, where their skills and experience can be properly utilised.
New Arms Production
We must increase our efforts to better equip our army as, according to the Askari, our handguns are better suited to remain a part of a hunter's collection than remain in an army's arsenal.
Import Small Arms
The poor state and quality of our handguns can be improved, however, with some effort on our part by reverse engineering foreign models. The issue, however, is purchasing said guns.
Artillery Effort
As the Weltkrieg has shown us, and the rest of the world, artillery is an extremely vital part of modern warfare. Yet, we've never been able to master these large-calibre guns. Thankfully, our foreign advisors understand how to design and man these shell-firing guns.
Buy Tanks Designs
While tanks and other mechanised vehicles may be ill-suited for the highlands of Gondar, they may make all the difference in the flat plains of Ogaden and could be the deciding factor on whether or not we experience victory or defeat.
Foreign Doctrine
The military high command has reached a unanimous conclusion: hurling wave after wave of militia at the enemy may not be the best course of action. Perhaps it would be best to ask our foreign officers/advisors what would be the best course of action? Noble officers can be rather stubborn, after all...
Modernise High Command
Perhaps we should refine our military doctrine and, instead of attacking the enemy with the use of brute force, we should choose men who are patient, proper, and skilled to plan and lead our army.
Legacy of Adowa
We cannot nor will we ever rely on foreigners to acquire victory. The people of the world have, for far too long, forgotten the might of the Victory of Adwa. All of Africa shall see us for what we truly are; the mighty lion!
Ethiopian Guns
By utilising foreign expertise and basing our designs off of external blueprints, we can ensure Ethiopian-made guns, made by Ethiopians for Ethiopians, are of the highest calibre whilst remaining inexpensive.
Special Equipment
Ensuring that our brave men have anything and everything at their disposal is important to aid them in the continual fight for the empire's independence and victory.
Anti-imperialist Spirit
Those who attempt to conquer us continually underestimate our spirit and determination. From Wofla to Adwa, envious and unscrupulous vultures attempt to break our spirit and subjugate the people of Ethiopia. So long as our spirit lives on, they shall never succeed!
Improve Drilling
We will sharpen minds, tire legs, train arms, and, through relentless drilling, shape these ragged folk we call 'soldiers' into proper and trim fighting men!
Trust our Officers
Ensuring that our officers have a greater degree of autonomy on the battlefield is extremely crucial, as that would enable them to adapt to the ever-changing landscape of modern war.
Develop Weapons
Rather than purely copying advanced techniques, we should also ensure that our guns are designed and built within the empire, for the men of the empire.
Professional Army
We have managed to triumph in resolving the failures of our army and have turned them into advantageous successes. Our army, which was once a mass of conscripted men, has now become a truly proper and organised fighting force. We can now direct our focus towards our peacetime affairs, as we are truly prepared in the case of a war.
Naval Planning Effort
Understanding naval tactics is far more than merely steering a ship towards enemy waters. Missions and operational hierarchy are vital components of any naval doctrine. Thankfully, because of its young age, our navy is flexible and able to adapt to any sort of change.
Submarine Effort
Because of the strategic location of our ports near the Gulf of Aden, it is important that we invest in submarine technology in order to destroy enemy shipping lanes and, subsequently, starve them of desperately needed supplies.
Submarine Doctrine
A grand blockade of the Red Sea shall be planned in order for us to better control shipping lanes in the area. No convoy shall be given permission to pass through unless we deem it fit to do so.
Destroyer Effort
Ensuring our convoys are safe from enemy raiding efforts is crucial. Because of this, the creation of anti-submarine vessels with patrols, who will maintain watch regularly, is in order.
Cruiser Effort
The navy will require more tonnage if we are to attain full control of the Horn. Cruisers will be paramount to this effort, especially if the projections of Somalian naval power are correct.
Naval Doctrine Reform
The creation of a proper school for prospective naval officers is paramount to the war at sea. As war fast approaches, we must ensure that our officers are ready to adapt and conquer the ever-changing tactics at sea.
Control of the Sky
Control of the skies is within our reach, but it could soon slip out of our grasp. News has reached Addis Ababa that Somalia is planning the purchase of more airplanes in order to expand its air force. The goal of this blatant escalation of tensions is obvious and shall not go unanswered!
Hire Aviation Experts
In order to truly wrest control of the skies, it is clear that we will require the advice of experienced foreign experts. When we acquire the skills these experts possess, only then can we fully wrest full aerial control of the Horn!
Advanced Doctrine
Planning air missions is a rather complicated matter due to the sheer number of factors that must be taken into account. Weather, distance, and the number of enemy forces must all be equally considered. However, most of our pilots are either not qualified or talented enough to understand the basics of aerial planning. Training them would be the obvious resolution to such an issue.
Train our Pilots
Possessing planes means little if our pilots are unable to skilfully and properly fly them. The Imperial Air Force can become a force to be reckoned with; however, we must give it the attention it deserves before it can reach such a level.
Skylions
The training of a group of men, who rank amongst the best of our pilots, shall take place. They will, with the heart of a lion, fall straight from the skies into battle and strike where we could never hope to reach and win the fight we could never hope to win!
The Harer Airbase
The existing airfield within Harar shall undergo an expansion in order to prepare for the upcoming war against Somalia. The aerial high command projects that, if the airfield does undergo expansion, our planes can reach even the farthest point of Somalia.
New State-of-the-Art Air Fleets
The creation of a fleet of state-of-the-art fighter aircraft shall make it possible to achieve aerial dominance over the Horn.\n\nThe creation of new bombers will likewise be beneficial to our war effort. Enemy cities, ports, and supply lines will be within our reach.\n\nWe will emerge triumphant!
Crush Somalia
Ogaden is rightfully recognised as our national territory. However, the weakness of previous rulers and trouble within Eritrea prevented us from enforcing this claim. Since our enemy, the Mad Mullah, is dead and Germany is no longer in a position to intervene in African affairs, we shall strike at Somalia and reclaim the lands that rightfully belong to Ethiopia!
Pacify the Ogaden
The easiest part of conquest is often gaining control of the land itself. However, pacifying the locals and integrating them into Ethiopian society is another matter altogether. Integrating Ogaden into Ethiopia is of the utmost importance, so that we may retain control of the land and its people.
Invite Technical Experts
Ethiopia is sorely lacking in terms of industrial capacity and manufacturing. On top of that, our economy is largely feudal and isolated from the wider world. In order to remedy this we will invite industrial and technical experts from abroad to train Ethiopian personnel and transform our local industries.
 Beginnings of Heavy Industry
While the natural development of an industrial economy remains a distant dream, we will provide a push in the right direction with state sponsored projects that will serve as an example for future efforts.
Modernise Coffee Harvesting
Coffee may have originated and been domesticated in Ethiopia but when it comes to international sales our output lies well below newer players on the market like Brazil. Rectifying this situation will necessitate modernising harvesting and transportation techniques so that one day Ethiopia is once more known as the home of Coffee.
Subsidise Domestic Capital
While at the moment we have a strong need for foreign investment we also need to ensure that Ethiopians have every reason to seek their fortunes within Ethiopia and can compete with giants from outside the country.
GFX_ETH_intro
Ethiopia, an Empire at a Crossroads
Abyssinia, also known as Ethiopia, is the only African state to have remained independent in the 19th century, having successfully repelled an Italian invasion in 1896. This victory was symbolic of the process of modernisation within the Abyssinian Empire, which sought to bring the country up to European standards in terms of its economy, military and administration.\n\nIn 1919, following the Italy's loss in the Weltkrieg, the former Italian colony of Eritrea was returned to our control. Control over the disputed area of Harar was however lost as the Somali forces who held much of the area could not and have not been dislodged to this day.\n\nWhen the old Empress Zewditu died without surviving children, her cousin, regent and often rival Ras Tafari Makonnen ascended to the throne as Emperor Haile Selassie. The new monarch announced his intention to introduce a new series of reforms in order to westernise Abyssinia, as the main leader of the reactionary faction, his predecessor, was now out of the picture. These initiatives, however, are fiercely opposed by the conservative nobility of the nation, lesser kings and dukes who saw in Zewditu someone much more amenable to their vision for the Empire.\n\nTies with Germany, the new owners of nearby Djibouti, were strengthened when a railway was built (largely with German capital) between this outpost, Addis Ababa, and Kenya. Relations have since been positive, despite reports of eccentric behaviour by the new Mittelafrikan governor. But relations with Somalia and its Ottoman backers remain strained at best, and confrontation seems inevitable. The Emperor knows that such a war would require a united Empire, under one banner and one cause, as the ambitious dukes might well side with an enemy if left unchecked and so matters at home must be dealt with first.
§MMekawint's Constitution§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the event \
Ethiopia
Ethiopian
Ethiopia
Ethiopian Socialist Republic
the Ethiopian Socialist Republic
Ethiopian Socialist Republic
the Ethiopian Socialist Republic
Ethiopian Socialist Republic
the Ethiopian Socialist Republic
Imru Haile Selassie
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 23rd, 1892, in Shewa Province, Ethiopian Empire§!
Haile Selassie
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 23rd, 1892, in Ejersa Goro, Hararghe Province, Ethiopian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFollowing the death of Zauditu on April 2nd, 1930, Ras Tafari Makonnen was crowned Emperor of Ethiopia on November 2nd, 1930, at Addis Ababa's Cathedral of St. George. Upon climbing the throne the new Emperor, eager to wield the power he had finally obtained, started a series of sweeping political reforms to bring Abyssinia 'into the west'. In 1923 he toured Europe, inspecting schools, hospitals, factories, and churches, and the contact with the European way of life had greatly impressed him, for he intended to modernise Abyssinia to the European standard. These reforms, however, were fiercely opposed by the powerful conservative elements of the nation and have been delayed by the economic problems affecting the Empire, especially the debt he inherited from Zewditu's reign, and the pervasive and invasive German economic influence.§!
Yemiserach Imru
§YBorn:§! §L1915, in Jijiga, Hararghe Province, Ethiopian Empire§!
Nasibu Zeamanuel
§YBorn:§! §L1893, in the Ethiopian Empire§!
Haile Selassie Gugsa
§YBorn:§! §L1907, in Tigray Province, Ethiopian Empire§!
Asfaw Wossen
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 27th, 1916, in Harar, Hararghe Province, Ethiopian Empire§!
Beyene Merid
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in the Ethiopian Empire§!
Desta Damtew
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in Meskane, Gurage Province, Ethiopian Empire§!
Yeebio Woldai
§YBorn:§! §Lin Samre-Enderta, Tigray Province, Ethiopian Empire§!
Obboo Bulee Dabarsa
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Ethiopian Empire§!
Aklilu Habte-Wold
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 12th, 1912, in Bulga, Shewa Province, Ethiopian Empire§!
Mesfin Sileshi
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 5th, 1905, in Webera, Hararghe Province, Ethiopian Empire§!
Seyoum Mengesha
§YBorn:§! §LJune 24th, 1886, in Agawmedir, Gojjam Province, Ethiopian Empire§!
Yilma Deressa
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 21st, 1907, in Wellega Province, Ethiopian Empire§!
Lorenzo Taezaz
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1900, in Akele Guzay Province, Colony of Eritrea§!
Mekuria Garmame
§YBorn:§! §Lin Chencha, Gamo Province, the Ethiopian Empire§!
Mulugeta Yeggazu
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1865, in Menz, Shewa Province, Ethiopian Empire§!
Abebe Aregai
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 18th, 1903, in Woira Amba-Jirru, Shewa Province, Ethiopian Empire§!
Kassa Haile Darge
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 8th, 1881, in Selale, Shewa Province, Ethiopian Empire§!
Hailu Tekle Haymanot
§YBorn:§! §L1868, in Gojjam Province, Ethiopian Empire§!
Gamtesa Gidera
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Ethiopian Empire§!
Ayalew Birru
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in Begemder Province, Ethiopian Empire§!
Hailu Kebede
§YBorn:§! §L1893, in Lasta, Wollo Province, Ethiopian Empire§!
Ethiopian Military Council
§YFounded:§! §LOctober 26th, 1907, in Addis Ababa, Shewa Province, Ethiopian Empire§!
Negusa Nagast
Negusa Nagast
The Red Prince
