ICU (Africanist)
Industrial and Commercial Workers' Union (Africanist)
ICU (Syndicalist)
Industrial and Commercial Workers' Union (Syndicalist)
ISL
International Socialist League
National Council Labour
Labour Party (National Council)
SAP (Liberals)
South African Party (Liberals)
SAP (Unionists)
South African Party (Unionists)
SAP (Conservatives)
South African Party (Conservatives)
National (Moderates)
National Party (Moderates)
National (Afrikaner)
National Party (Afrikaner Nationalists)
National (Extremists)
National Party (Extremists)
Purified National
Labour
Labour Party
SALC
South African Trades and Labour Council
National
National Party
Purified National
Purified National
Purified National Party (Afrikaner Nationalists)
Purified National Party (Extremists)
NCP
National Conservative Party
Independents
Unionist Independents
United
United South African National Party (Liberals)
United South African National Party (Conservatives)
United South African National Party (Nationalists)
VP
Volksparty
Reunited National
Reunited National Party (Moderates)
Reunited National Party (Afrikaner Nationalists)
Reunited National Party (Extremists)
UFP
Union Federal Party
Dominion
Dominion Party
ANC (Socialists)
African National Congress (Socialists)
ANC (Liberals)
African National Congress (Liberals)
ANC (Conservatives)
African National Congress (Conservatives)
ANC (Nationalists)
African National Congress (Nationalists)
Liberals
Liberal Party of South Africa
Afrikaner
Afrikaner Party
South Africa Focus Tree
South African Socialist Focus Tree
The South African Federal Focus Tree
Revolution in South Africa
A Response to Black Monday
The economic crisis threatens to tear the Union apart. We must reform our country's economy to solve mass unemployment, but the Volksraad stands divided on the path to take forwards. This choice will certainly have repercussions in the years to come, and may even exacerbate existing divides.
Repeal the Industrial Conciliation Act
The Industrial Conciliation Act was a direct reaction to the Rand Rebellion in 1922 and gave white trade unions privileges that are slowing economic recovery. The Act must be repealed, and the unions must be brought to heel if we are to get the nation's economy back on track. This will obviously be extremely unpopular with white workers.
Attract Canadian Investment
By encouraging Canadian investment, we will give our economy the influx of capital that it desperately needs while also hopefully providing thousands of jobs to our struggling workforce.
Opportunities for the Unemployed
Be it through the use of bailouts or investment, slowly but surely the amount of jobs in South Africa is climbing out of its lowest point. As more and more people have a job again, they can also spend a bit again, which goes to the benefit of other sectors in the economy.
The Witwatersrand Roars Again!
The mineral wealth in the Witwatersrand has been a commercial safety net during the economic crisis. While it has been hurt as much as any other part of the South African economy by this crisis, it is clearly starting to reach pre-crisis levels again, pushing our economy to recovery with it.
Establish Work Programmes
A series of work programmes for the unemployed is a safe bet for economic recovery and consequently has general support in the party with exception to the hardline unionists within the SAP.
Farmer Bail Out
The ongoing crisis is a time of suffering for all people of South Africa, but the heaviest burden is without a doubt being carried by our farmers. Rock-bottom prices are necessitating bail outs for both internal producers and exporters aimed at saving our agricultural sector from collapse.
Complete the Recovery
Finally, we are able to put Black Monday behind us once and for all. Let us move forward into an era of strength for the South African economy!
Deal with the Protectorates
Following the collapse of the British Empire in 1925, the duty to garrison the High Commissioner Territories passed to the Union Defence Force. Since then, the region has stagnated. Elements within the South African government propose we reassess our relationship with the territories.
Establish the Nuweveld
Turning the newly annexed territories over to white settlers will encourage the establishment of new settlements throughout the Nuweveld and the cultural integration of the new regions. The locals, however, would lose access to most agricultural lands, forcing them to migrate to the cities for work as transient labour.
Encourage Farmer Settlement
The financial plight of our farmers presents us with a unique opportunity to apply the Nuweveldt project. If we can encourage resettlement to the ranges of Bechuanaland, we can turn the economic crisis into an opportunity for thousands of destitute white farmers.
Long-Standing Investment Loans
By providing guaranteed loans we can provide a low-cost incentive for entrepreneurs across the nation to move to the newly allotted lands in Bechuanaland.
Build the Kariba Dam
Finishing the Kariba Dam will be long and arduous work, but it will provide plenty of energy for our growing industry in Rhodesia and the settlements springing out from the colonisation of the Nuweveld.
Annex the Protectorates
It is time to end the Protectorates. After the successful implementation of the Nuweveldt project, we can easily bring the territories under our direct control. The British treaties with the natives will be cast aside and the paramount chiefs will be dethroned. The time of a united South Africa is upon us!
Stellaland Affairs Act
The integration of the former Protectorates will require formal, albeit mostly symbolic legislation. Basutoland and Swaziland will be integrated into the Cape Province and Transvaal respectively, but Bechuanaland will be admitted as the province of Stellaland in honour of the former Boer Republic.
Expand the Outer Rail Connection
Developing the infrastructure of Nuweveldt lands will not only encourage settlement but also ensure that the lands are finally being put to a productive use.
Towns and Villages Spring Up
The founding of new urban centres will encourage city workers to migrate into the Nuweveldt alongside our rural workers and increase our total population in these areas.
Diversified Territorial Economy
Striving for a diversified economy for the Nuweveldt territories can only help their economic growth which will in turn attract more settlers.
Empower the Paramount Chiefs
Granting autonomy to the local rulers of the High Commissioner Territories will ensure the Paramount Chiefs of their respective ethnic groups (the Tswana in Bechuanaland, the Basotho in Basutoland and the Swazi in Swaziland) shall be loyal to the central government.
Develop Basutoland and Swaziland
Despite their location between the original four provinces of South Africa, the living standard in Basutoland and Swaziland still immensely lags behind that of the rest of South Africa. A series of investments will aid in resolving this situation.
Develop Bechuanaland
The sparsely populated region of Bechuanaland is without hyperbolics the least developed region in all of Africa, with any kind of construction remaining limited to a few wooden huts in most places. A series of well-placed investments will soften the contrast with South Africa just over the border.
Root Out Slavery Practices
Slavery has long proven difficult to root out of the High Commissioner Territories, but the recent investment gives us leverage with the paramount chiefs to resolve the persisting issues, by making investments dependent on their action on slavery.
Question of Native Autonomy
We have decided to grant autonomy to the local rulers of the High Commission Territories, the new Paramount Chiefs of the respective ethnic groups (the Tswana in Bechuanaland, the Basotho in Basutoland and the Swazi in Swaziland). But we need to clarify the extent of the Chiefs power - is it limited to within the borders of the HCT or does it encompass all of their peoples throughout South Africa?
Strengthen the Advisory Councils
By strengthening the influence of the advisory councils on policy, we can assure that the interests of the Paramount Chief are at least somewhat balanced with both the European and native interests. It will also lay the groundwork for eventual reform into a bona fide democratic framework in the future.
Form the Territorial Justice System
At current the status of the law in the High Commissioner Territories is rather vague, members of the tribes are usually tried according to their own tribal traditions while Europeans are tried as if they were in South African territory, with certain exceptions. It is time we formalise a system with trained justices specifically to ensure fair trials for everyone in the territories.
Reform the Commissioner System
We have made our fair investments in the High Commissioner Territories, but at current we still merely have a temporary mandate from the royal government. In parliament in Cape Town proposals are made to pursue the official and permanent inclusion of the territories within South Africa, but the British exile government would need to cooperate.
The Union's Affairs
The elections are over and a mandate is to be fulfilled. Let us put our affairs in order, and then move on to the order of the day.
Proclaim the Republic
For too long the Afrikaans people and South Africa at large have been subjected to the will of a monarchy that is not their own. It is time we move on from this chapter in history and establish a fully independent and sovereign Republic of South Africa, which has the interest of South Africa at heart, rather than that of the British.
Replace the Pound
Since we are now a fully sovereign and independent nation, it will not do any longer to make use of a currency intrinsically tied to a British past and tied to the Pound Sterling. Let us introduce our own South African Rand - tied to the Witwatersrand, where we find our gold - and thrive in our independent future.
Reorganise the National Party
Dr. Malan, the pathetic constitutionalist barrister, is allowing our Afrikaner destiny to be held back with this insistence to adhere to the South African constitution, binding us to worthless parliamentary procedures and endangering our nation's hold on power in South Africa in the process. If only a decisive and unrelenting figure could just do away with parliamentarianism and the liberals that thrive in it...
Implement Apartheid
After a period of consolidation, we are now in a position to strengthen existing segregation laws to bring about full separation of the four South African nations both socially and politically. The Volksraad is behind us and set to carry our government's programme through.
An Independent Perspective
We are a free and independent country now, not beholden to the will of Britain to sacrifice Afrikaner men to reverse their own failures at home, or to bully our German brethren, who have never done us wrong. Yet, as an independent South Africa pursuing South African interests, we are not against allies.
Retreat from European Affairs
General Smuts dragged us into the Weltkrieg, sending Afrikaners to die in the cold mud of a land alien to their own to further the imperial interest of an island that was not their own either. Now that South Africa is a free and independent country, we will cease to involve ourselves in the petty squabbles of the European powers.
The Native Representation Act
A long-term Nationalist goal has been to remove native South Africans from the voting rolls and to allow them to vote for three separate white members of the Volksraad instead of pooling their property-qualified vote into South Africa's general electorate. The time to implement this plan is now!
Gerrymander the Districts
Troublingly, we are having trouble in getting a majority of the electorate to support us, and we mainly owe our hold over the government to the fact that rural constituencies are overrepresented compared to urban constituencies. Perhaps if we slightly redraw the borders, we can ensure this situation remains locked down in our favour.
Flags Amendment Act
It is the result of compromise that South Africa, proud nation as it is, needs to fly the Union Jack, a symbol of oppression by Britain, next to its national flag in an official capacity. This act will ensure that our national flag will no longer see competition from the British national flag.
Expel Johannes van Rensburg
The power-hungry and paramilitary former administrator of the Orange Free State, Johannes van Rensburg, has been plotting to unconstitutionally seize the apparatus of state for himself for years now. It is time we distance ourselves from this shady figure by revoking his party membership.
'Coloured' Enfranchisement Act
Of all racial groups in South Africa, the mixed race 'Coloured' group is definitely the one seen as the closest to an equal by the South Africa's white European population. The first step towards gradually turning South Africa in a truly comprehensive democracy would be to abolish the property qualifications of this community in the Cape and Rhodesia, while extending franchise to them in the other provinces.
Native Trust and Land Act
The Native Trust and Land Act increases the designated 8% of South African land which has been reserved for South Africa's native population to approximately 13% of South Africa's territory. This measure will mean that land currently owned by whites will have to be bought by the government, a process that can take years, if not decades.
Asiatic Land Tenure Act
Conservatives within our party, especially those based in Natal, consider that Indian merchants are posing a threat to the white community by outcompeting their stores, both among whites and natives. They would like to ensure that white South Africans can secure their position by limiting the land which can be owned by Indians to certain designated areas.
Natives (Urban Areas) Consolidation Act
For a long time, we have been using pass laws to prevent native South Africans from encroaching on our urban areas, which are inhabited by white South Africans. The following act has been proposed by the conservatives to refine the pass laws and ensure that the privileged position of the urban whites can be maintained.
Complete the Vaalhart Irrigation Scheme
The Orange Free State, Northern Cape and Transvaal regions of South Africa are quite dry and therefore less suitable for agriculture. By building an extensive irrigation system out of the Vaal River we can ensure that our farms receive enough water for a good output of agricultural produce.
Expand the Krugerpark
The Krugerpark is a wildlife reserve with its roots in the Sabi Game Reserve of the South African Republic (commonly known as the (boer republic of) Transvaal). In recent years it has attracted a modest amount of tourism from both the British and German spheres of influence who seem enthusiastic about the wildlife rail tours through the national park.
Recover British Africa
In the darkest hour of the empire, the revolution of 1925, the vile Germans illegally occupied most of British Africa, only leaving alone South Africa, the High Commissioner Territories, Gambia and Sierra Leone. Generals Pierre van Ryneveld and Jan Smuts have put together a plan to bring back at least the relatively easily accessible colonies of Northern Rhodesia and East Africa in the imperial fold.
Fire 'Broeder' Civil Servants
The Afrikaner Broederbond, a secret society of Afrikaners, posing as a cultural organisation encompassing many prominent South African politicians, soldiers and civil servants, has sought to push Afrikaner issues and rule South Africa from behind the curtains since its foundation. It is time we curtail the influence of these secretive men by requiring all of our civil servants to distance from them.
Asiatic Enfranchisement Act
The Asiatic racial group of South Africa, comprised of Cape Malays who have been here since Dutch rule and Indian indentured workers introduced mainly in Natal, but also in the Transvaal and Cape province, form only a small fraction of the South African population, but most of them are currently denied the right to vote under similar conditions as the native majority. It is time to abolish these restrictions.
Found the SABC
[SAF_found_sabc_focus_desc]
While radio broadcasters have been active in South Africa since 1923, the revolution has staggered their development somewhat. Even among the capitalists, there were proposals to establish a national radio network - and many in our government are hopeful that establishing a South African Broadcasting Cooperative will restart development in radio and foster an informed people.
Radio broadcasters have been active in South Africa since 1923, but South Africa has so far lacked a national radio network. As such, voices have risen in Pretoria to officially establish a 'South African Broadcasting Corporation', or, in Afrikaans, 'Suid-Afrikaanse Uitsaaikorporasie', which will broadcast two radio services: one in English, and one in Afrikaans.
Expand University Funding
Education, as everyone knows, is essential for national development - In particular, higher education provides highly trained people that fuel economic and technological expansion. While South Africa has universities of her own, they have become aged in comparison to the world's finest and are increasingly struggling to catch up. An increase in government grants should hopefully alleviate this.
Form the Mathematical Society
The South African Mathematical Society is a group of South African intellectuals, who, contrary to the name of the society, deal not only in mathematics but also physics and other such endeavours.
Focus on Agricultural Expansion
[SAF_focus_on_agricultural_expansion_focus_desc]
South Africa is a bountiful land, with rich, fertile soil. We must expand upon this, and ensure that regardless of colour, that a man can work for his bread.
Our history is rooted in the exploits of the farmers who came to South Africa. It would be foolish to throw our cash into the pockets of the already rich British capitalists, who are ever hungry for workers to exploit, those workers being the Africans when the Afrikaners become too expensive. Agriculture is the strength of our nation and the root of our culture.
[SAF_subsidized_farming_focus_name]
Agrarian Socialism
Subsidised Farming
[SAF_subsidized_farming_focus_desc]
With the previous system of farming in South Africa hailing from the old imperialistic system now no more, we will promote racial harmony with socialist ideals and will remove those who go against us.
One way to support our hard-working farmers is to hand out subsidies, allowing them to perhaps expand their lands a bit, take better precautions against wildlife aiming to attack their livestock, and investing in new machinery.
Support Cape Wineries
The Mediterranean climate of the Cape is perfect for the cultivation of wine grapes, and as such, South African wine is world-renowned. We should make use of this export boom, and support our wineries in their endeavours.
[SAF_encourage_sharecropping_focus_name]
Establish National Farming Cooperatives
Encourage Sharecropping
[SAF_encourage_sharecropping_focus_desc]
With the removal of Imperialist and Nationalist organisations, the people of all colours are now able to work the land. Under our guidance, we shall form farming cooperatives of mixed race, to further ease racial tensions, and promote syndicalist ideals.
Sharecropping holds that a landowner allows a tenant to farm on his land in return for a part of the produce. Many Afrikaner farmers are unable to work all of their stretched land of our outstretched nation. It would be economically responsible to encourage them to allow sharecroppers to work this excess land.
Aid Small Farming Communities
Not all farming communities within South Africa are large, due to population settlement, and the crops being grown. With this, an initiative has been created to aid these communities, to promote growth of these communities and to ensure there is a level of diversity in our crops.
Industrial Farming Equipment
The Industrial revolution did not only revolutionise industrial efforts but also revolutionised agriculture. We have the means, so we could definitely increase our agricultural efficiency by investing in this kind of machinery.
The Granary of Africa
Our agricultural achievements have not gone without notice: South African bread is exported through the continent and beyond, feeding colonist and colonial alike. As such, South Africa is quickly becoming known as the Granary of Africa.
South Africa's Gold
South Africa has significant gold reserves. The presence of gold means we have the means to back up our currency and it's something other countries desire for a similar goal. It would be foolish not to exploit the money that lies below our soil.
Focus on Industrial Expansion
In the late 19th century, the industrial revolution has truly taken root in South Africa. The combination of natural resources and manpower to work the factories sets South Africa up perfectly to become an industrial powerhouse!
Manufacturing Expansion Plan
Hendrik van der Bijl, the innovative engineer behind Eskom, our electricity company, and the Iron and Steel [SAF_getCorp_or_Coop] of South Africa (ISCOR), is perfectly suited to help expand our industrial base.
Form the IDCSA
The Industrial Development [SAF_getCorp_or_Coop] of South Africa will become a financial institution aiding South Africa's industrial development through the distribution of grants to build certain required industries and contribute to our economic growth, allowing our industry to grow.
Recruit Native Labour
[SAF_recruit_native_labour_focus_desc]
For too long the Natives of this great land have been forced into the role of a servitor. No more, for they shall now be employed to work in our ever expanding industries.
While the Afrikaners and white labourers may resent the encroachment of natives on our industrial zones, the reality is that the white labour pool is simply too small to optimally use the industrial potential of South Africa. With the entire workforce available, we are well on our way to become one of the foremost industrial nations of the world.
The Great Repair Shop
Our industry has rapidly evolved over the last years to enable us to properly support a long-term war effort. This has been so successful that by now, South Africa is known as the 'Great Repair Shop', where our allies' equipment in North Africa, the Middle East and Southern Europe goes when it needs repairing.
[SAF_support_iscor_expansion_focus_name]
Support the Metalworker's Union
Support ISCOR Expansion
[SAF_support_iscor_expansion_focus_desc]
The Metalworker's Union was formed to ensure the rights of the worker were protected by the Imperialists and their unfathomable greed. We should support this movement, and ensure it is promoting syndicalist ideals.
The Iron and Steel Corporation of South Africa (ISCOR) has for years been a commercially successful steel corporation. By allowing them to expand their operations, we may expect our steel output to rise markedly.
[SAF_vanderbijlparks_steelworks_focus_name]
Expand the Rand Steelworks
Vanderbijlpark's Steelworks
[SAF_vanderbijlparks_steelworks_focus_desc]
With the Metalworker's Union now firmly influenced by the party, we can see to expanding the newly liberated steelwork industries within South Africa.
Demand for steel is ever increasing. In light of this fact, Director-General Van der Bijl has overseen an ISCOR acquisition of some 100 square kilometres to build a large new steel plant and a model town surrounding it, living off the steel plant in their vicinity. Reportedly, Van der Bijl himself intends to live in the town he is founding.
Industrial Innovation
As we push further with industrial expansion, we must secure the means of innovation to ensure we are on the bleeding edge of industrial technology.
[SAF_post_war_boom_focus_name]
Socialist Prosperity
The South African Exports Boom
[SAF_post_war_boom_focus_desc]
Through blood, sweat and tears, we have secured a level of prosperity in South Africa that would've never been reached if the Imperialist or the Nationalist agendas had not been removed. We have truly \
While all across the world nations are suffering from the catastrophic effects of war, South Africa has been mostly spared from the devastation. It is only natural then, that the rest of the world is looking towards South Africa for its goods. Exports are booming, and because of this, so is South Africa.
The Johannesburg Convention
The foul capitalists have been vanquished and a worker's South Africa has been born. It is time we gather at the heart of the revolution: the city of Johannesburg, where the proletariat has long been toiling, to decide our future. A future that belongs to us!
Abolish Formal Segregation
Long have the capitalist-imperialists been using simplistic racial rhetoric to convince the white proletarian that his black comrade would be his adversary, allowing them to entrench their own interests and falsify a sense of need for collaboration by the white worker. It is time we abolish the legislation designed to keep us in their hands.
Broad Land Reform
The colonisers have driven the South Africans from their land, confining them to a wholly unfulfilling 8% of South African soil, forcing our people into famine and overpopulation in a nation that is more than large enough for our people. We shall take back what was stolen from us, and give it back to the people!
Establish a National Health Service
Healthcare in South Africa has long been managed by the Ministry of the Interior, who saw little desire to fund or modernise the disparate hospitals and nursing schools scattered throughout the country. Under the leadership of Dr. Henry Gluckman, a cooperative member from the left of the South Africa Party and a strong proponent of a nationwide, free and racially equal health service, we shall establish a dedicated Department of Health modelled after the French and British systems.
The Native Republic
With the sweeping reforms enacted by La Guma's government, South Africa once again belongs to the South African people, rather than a minority of Europeans weaponising their corrupt sense of \
Outlaw Colour Bars
Colour Bars, meant to prevent cheaper black workers from replacing white workers, are an outdated concept now. Every South African is a brother to one another in our move towards socialism and the vile profit motive has been quashed. Such discriminatory measures are nothing but shameful and can't be left in place.
An End to all Pass Laws
The pass laws of the minority regime have left scars that may never heal on the South African psyche, pushing the vast majority of South Africans away, except if they were needed to do the existing inhabitants' dirty work. While it is likely that the abolition of these laws will attract many rural South Africans to the cities in hopes to find opportunity, this move is non-negotiable.
Urban Housing Expansion
Our loosening of migration restrictions on urban areas has, as could be expected, resulted in a giant inflow from South Africa's less developed rural areas of South Africans looking for new opportunities. Unfortunately our housing facilities can't keep up to the demand and the new migrants live in squalor as a result. The only option left is to build more housing facilities, and to erect them fast.
Diversify Higher Education
Traditionally our institutions of higher education have been quite hostile to non-white students, preferring to gate themselves off and leaving non-whites little choice but to go to less prestigious education facilities. Now that we are creating a new and more fair South Africa, it is time we motivate our institutions of higher education to make their student base more representative to all South Africa.
Curtail Reactionary Activity
Our enemies are many still: Afrikaner Nationalists are trying to lure our Afrikaner worker base into treason by appealing to their skin complexion. Canada and the exiles from the previous government are plotting a monarchist restoration. Tribal chiefs want to preserve their way of life contrary to our values. We need to suppress them all.
Reform the South African Police
The South African Police has been a strong tool for the previous regime to keep their hold on our nation and to oppress the worker. It is imperative that we reform this rotten institution from the bottom up so that the police force shall defend the population, rather than keep them down.
Seize Control over the Narrative
The media is the key to the heart of the people. By assuming control over broadcasting institutions throughout South Africa, and filtering out the capitalist nonsense inserted by partisan journalists, we can ensure that our population will not be seduced by imperialist lies any longer.
Seize Our Industrial Capital
Since the discovery of natural resources in the Rand and the Western Cape, South Africa has steadily grown into possibly the lone industrial state in Africa. Unfortunately, South Africans never benefited from it. British men in high hats reaped the benefits of the labour of South Africans and gave us a hunger wage. Not anymore: South African industry will benefit South Africans.
Tolerate Small Farming Enterprises
While nothing but our wrath shall be directed to the corporations attempting to monopolise the most precious tenet of a civilisation: the food supply, it would not be fair to deprive small family businesses of their livelihood on this basis. While in a very banal way it does resemble capitalism if one works their land and sells the returns for a tidy profit, on a small scale it is acceptable.
Nationalise Our Agrarian Potential
Capitalists have taken our farmlands for themselves and sell food, the most fundamental need of the human being, for profit. It is time we collectivise the agrarian sector and reorganise the land into farming cooperatives. This will ensure it will stay a fair profession, devoid of the corruptive profit motive it once suffered.
Appropriate the Mines
South Africa's soil is rich: diamonds, gold, coal... It can all be found right there under our feet. But unfortunately, Rhodes and his successors have taken control over our very earth. These plutocrats force miners to shed blood, sweat and tears exhuming diamonds for an extremely low wage while they sell them to jewelers in Ottawa for exorbitantly high prices where tea-sipping aristocrats happily wear them. No longer!
Divide the Spoils of Class War
We have spent our time taking what rightfully belongs to the South African from the international capitalist. Of course, there is pain involved in this business. But now that the wealth has flowed into our hands, we can return it to the people, who shall thrive with it!
I See You!
Industrial and Commercial Workers' Union, ICU for short - correctly assessed by a white judge to be pronounced as 'I see you'. Indeed, the Black South African did see the White South African, when he was denied access to sidewalks, beaches and jobs by him. And now, through the ICU's action, for perhaps the first time, the White South African sees him too...
Organise Native Unions
The black population of South Africa is to a much lesser degree involved in trade unionism. Where the whites have been involved in it for a long time, black trade unions were suppressed and otherwise had trouble organising their work force. Now, with government support, we can change this.
Inspire Communal Engagement
Small, often traditionalist communities, are not very inclined to involve themselves into the affairs of the state. But now we are a pluralist nation and we value the engagement of our citizens, so we should work with them to engage them.
Native Education Programme
Any and all public education in South Africa had been reserved to whites during the previous regime, relegating black South Africans to the goodwill of missionaries and religious institutions. While the quality was passable, it was unsurprisingly riddled with religiosity, the cleric's tool to keep the proletariat in line. It is time we open up objective education for non-whites.
Incorporate the SAIC
To fully ensure the cooperation of the Indian community in South Africa, it is paramount that we incorporate their interest group, the South African Indian Congress, into the government like we did with the Industrial and Commercial Workers' Union.
Support the SAIC
While incorporation is perhaps a bit too extreme for such a small diaspora, the South African Indian Congress are the most significant interest group for the Indian South African community. It is important that we support their efforts.
Inclusive Participation Doctrine
If we are to succeed as a truly fair and equal nation, we need every racial group to participate. For this reason we have the Inclusive Participation Doctrine: by engaging with our communities and special programmes, we can ensure that we are not a government of compassionate whites and black intellectuals while the rest of South Africa is apathetic.
The Durban Convention
We have made tremendous strides in the last few years: the Larneys have been crushed and racial affairs have been made more equitable. South Africa, for perhaps the first time since the concept exists, belongs to the South African. Still, there is more work to be done as we pave our road to socialism; and part of that is the participation of the public.
Dethrone the Paramount Chiefs
The Paramount Chiefs represent the kowtowing of the native population to the imperialism and the corruption it imparts. They must be \
Found the Bechuanaland Election Committee
With the Paramount Chiefs removed, we must now move to establish a true form of representation for the inhabitants of Bechuanaland. By setting up BEC's in the settlements dotted throughout the region, we can ensure the Tswana can properly voice their concerns in the South African government.
Annex Basutoland and Swaziland
Basutoland and Swaziland are quite small, and putting an end to the tribal structures is relatively easy as such. By integrating them in their neighbouring provinces of Eastern Cape and Natal, we can assure their continued prosperity as South Africans.
Political Development in the Protectorates
20th century politics in the protectorates is far and few between. To some degree these provinces are still under the tribal authorities from which all mankind stems eventually. Unfortunately, this state of affairs is much less equitable than our socialist system. Through education, we can change this state of affairs.
Establish Bechuanaland Autonomous Commune
Even if it was beholden to the Paramount Chiefs, the Tswana people have had autonomy over their own affairs since time immemorial, even under British administration. It would not be equitable to deprive them of this, thus the legal framework for the Bechuanaland Autonomous Commune is being drafted, a territory which will possess the right to pass its own laws devolved from our national government.
Extend Citizenship to the Swazi and Sotho
Now that we have integrated their homeland into our nation, it seems straightforward that the Sotho and Swazi that live there should be extended a South African passport. Otherwise, they'd be farcically stateless on their own land.
Ethnic Representation Councils
Not only the former High Commissioner Territories, but South Africa as a whole is divided by several ethnicities, like the Xhosa, the Zulu and the Ndebele. To ensure the interests of these group are fairly represented, we should establish Ethnic Representation Councils elected by members of those ethnic groups.
Develop the Borderlands
The outer layer of South Africa, Bechuanaland and Southern Rhodesia, were much less settled by Europeans and as such not nearly as much developed by them. It is time we redirect some funds to ensure the borderlands adhere to the same standards as inner South Africa, although this will not be easy or cheap. They are South Africans too!
Communal Defence Auxiliaries
By arming the inhabitants of the (former) protectorates, we can increase the fighting power of our military. Whereas the racists constantly tried to limit their arms to the Assegai, we shall deliver real guns to those willing to fight for South Africa and for the cause of socialism in Africa.
Complete the Integration
It has been hard work, but the protectorates are now administrative equals to the rest of our nation, and can no longer be denied as equally integral to South Africa as Cape Town or Johannesburg are.
The New South Africa Act
The South Africa Act passed by parliament in 1909 has evidently been unsuccessful in keeping the ethnic tensions in South Africa resolved. It has handed the Afrikaner the keys to South Africa and resulted in two ethnic rebellions in the short time that South Africa has been a concept. A new South Africa Act will be necessary.
Milner's Kindergarten
It is high time we root out boorish Boer culture and supplant it with the true beacon of civilisation: the queen's English. South Africa is a British dominion and until such simplistic concepts as Afrikaner culture are a thing of the past, there will be no end to ethnic strife.
Herald our English Language
English is superior to Afrikaans in every way. Many more South Africans, especially those who speak Afrikaans, can already speak it. It is not a crude patois and it does not sound like German. It is the language of business and the language you use when you interact with the Americans and the rest of the Empire. It should be heralded!
Attract Exile Settlement
Fearful of losing the Afrikaner's dominant demographic position to the British-South African, Hertzog has tried to make South Africa as unattractive to exiles as possible, trying to get them to go Australasia or Canada instead. Not for any longer. The Federation welcomes those who pledge their loyalty to the Union Jack.
Support British Companies
The Afrikaners had been trying to get their own kind into entrepreneurialism, resulting in some competition from Afrikaners, but it's clear that the Englishman has a better sense of business and that for economic growth one should look at the Englishman. Inefficient subsidies shall now be directed towards those who actually can do business without them!
Banish Afrikaans from the Bureaucracy
Translating everything to Dutch is horribly inefficient, and only serves to help the language survive. We should thoroughly anglicise our bureaucracy, forcing the Afrikaners to speak English when they want to interact with the government, and we will finally set in motion the assimilation we had been looking to achieve for a long time.
Close Afrikaner Institutions
All those Afrikaner Institutions founded following the formation of the Union of South Africa have only served to bring South Africa suffering. They influenced and lobbied the government which ultimately led to the illegal republic, and perpetuate ethnic tension by defending Afrikaner culture. Not anymore.
Teachers from the Empire
By bringing in teachers from all corners of the Empire, from Canada and the West Indies to Australia and New Zealand, we can finally entrench English as the dominant language of South Africa, and put an end to the misery and ethnic conflict the different languages of the nation have caused ever since Britain's ascendancy once and for all.
Tea Time for South Africa
Now that we have entrenched our position, it will be under our stewardship that we shall see to it that South Africa will never drift from the Empire again. South Africa is, through and through, a member of the Anglosphere now, and it shall remain that way!
A New Attempt at Reconciliation
The hope that we had finally ended the sectarian violence that plagued South Africa since the British takeover of the Cape Colony in the early 19th century has been shattered. Once again, our country was split among language lines over the direction of our country, and once again the devastation has been great.
Federal Elections
The system in which we de-facto handed political power in South Africa to the Afrikaners on the basis that they were the majority of South Africans with white skin has terribly backfired, but this does not mean the concept of democracy has lost meaning. By implementing additional measures assuring the power of the states, and of the British diaspora, we can maintain our parliamentary system.
War Amnesty Arrangement
Some hawks want to prosecute as many Afrikaners as possible for following Malan to his illegitimate republic, but we have to be realistic: this will only breed resentment and at the end of the day they simply followed the orders of an elected government, even if that elected government tread outside the bounds of the law. It would be most wise to only go after those who were closest to Malan.
Symmetric Veteran Stipends
No matter on which side of the war you fought, you should receive compensation for what you did for South Africa. Some may find it distasteful that we would fund those who fought against the Empire but we ought to recognise that on the ground one often has no choice, and that the course they followed was that of the elected Prime Minister. They cannot help it, and we cannot leave them behind.
Restore Bilingualism
Because of the Pietermaritzburg administration there was a tendency to only ever use English, but we should restore the status of Dutch (including Afrikaans as decided in the 1920s). It is a pipe dream that we would ever convince the proud Afrikaner people to abandon their mother tongue, and attempting to do so will only breed a movement of resistance against our government. We need a united nation.
Curb German Influence
Following their victory in the Weltkrieg, Germany has been trying to expand its influence in South Africa, which it seems to have viewed as the least secure corner of the British Empire, which might be lured to their side. It is likely that Germany has been stoking republican sentiment which eventually resulted in so much suffering in our nation. It is time we curb the vile influence the Germans are exerting over us.
Reconstruction Efforts
Our nation has been scarred by its third war between the Boers and the British in a century. Now that the most pressing issues to ensure the same will not happen again have been dealt with, it is time that the government puts its full weight into the reconstruction. From the ashes will arise a new Federal South Africa, which will hopefully last longer than the Union.
Peace and Prosperity
The era of struggle between the British and Afrikaner races is finally put to an end. From the ashes has arisen a more united South Africa under a federal system, in which each province, now state, can handle its own affairs. Afrikaner and Englishman alike shall march in peace to a new nationhood.
Military Expansion
The South African armed forces leave a lot to be desired. While they performed admirably during the Great War, the government has struggled to keep them modernised since and the reluctance of many Boers to support a military that would aid the British has left little incentive for expanding them. However, the return of international tensions has lead to a revisiting of the topic - some expansion is necessary for national security.
Modernise the Rifles
One of the most pressing issues facing the army is their weapons - many units are still using Lee-Enfield rifles dating back to the Great War, even as technology marches on. With newer, more effective rifles becoming increasingly common, we owe it to ourselves to obtain modernised guns of our own.
Expand the Cape Corps
The Cape Corps is the first 'coloured' unit to be formed in South Africa, having its history stretch all the way back to 1781 with the 'Corps Bastaard Hottentoten' - Corps of Bastards Hottentot. More serving in a non combatant roles, Jan Smuts had wished to expand their roles to include front line infantry and to be included into other branches of the military - and we will make that a reality.
South African Military College
With the expansion of the South African military to now include an air force and a navy, it's only natural that these services are provided a place to train the next military minds of the South African armed forces. The college grounds is an expansion of the old Dutch East India Company 'Militere Kweekskool' located in Pretoria, where it helps develop local cadets.
Recruitment Drive
Manpower is a very real concern for any possible military operation - even putting aside the largely white army that South Africa has historically fielded, our immediate neighbours are empires with larger populations, as are most enemies we could be fighting abroad. Every effort must be put into ensuring that we can recruit enough men to maintain an effective army.
Expand the Dockyards
Several of our ports and docks have seen better days, with many not having been in service since the Great War. With renewed investment and expertise from abroad, we have begun to overhaul these docks to better assist our fledgling naval forces.
New Destroyer Designs
With the threat of submarines, comes the advancement of Destroyer Chassis to hunt for the new wolves of the sea. Armed with the latest designs, we can defeat these threats and assert our superiority over the Cape.
New Cruiser Designs
While fully-fledged battleships are likely beyond the capacities of our naval industries, there has been interest in the navy for a foray into cruiser designs - medium-sized craft capable for being fitted for either escort or capital duties. These could be produced in South African shipyards, and allow us to fill in a naval niche we presently lack.
Continue Britain's Legacy
Whether we like it or not, our military heritage is distinctly tied to Britain's, an exposure that has shaped our strategic thinking towards a naval direction. We sit on a stretch of greatly strategic water - trade and naval vessels that cannot pass through the Suez Canal must go around the Cape to get from Europe from the Indian Ocean, and vice versa. We should play to this strength.
Strengthen the Navy
Whether they are deployed at home or abroad, control of the oceans will be crucial to most military operations we might undertake, either to defend our country or to aid foreign ventures. As such, efforts must be made to ensure that the South African navy is up to any task needed of it.
Trade Route Protection
Both our military and civilian economies are dependent on foreign trade for proper functioning: we have metals that we must be able to export and strategic materials that we must be able to import. We must be able to ensure that these trade routes remain secure from raiding, as well as any troop transports abroad.
Retrofitting Scheme
In spite of our best efforts, our naval production capabilities will never be extensive. In the event that it becomes necessary to pad out our navy, it's been suggested to retrofit modern weapons onto older naval chassis. It's not ideal, but it is faster and cheaper than building a new boat from scratch and could make the difference when it counts.
Greater Reach
It's an increasingly likely possibility that our naval forces will need to engage enemies far away from South Africa. Although we have never needed to give much thought to long-distance operations owing to our geopolitical position, it's an aspect we can no longer afford to ignore.
Troop Specialisation
Amphibious operations are looking to a skill increasingly in demand among the armed forces of the world - on all corners of the planet, militaries are looking into ways to perform naval invasions in less time, with more troops, and to greater effect than ever before. It's looking more and more to be an arms race - and we would do well not to be left behind.
Artillery Integration
One of the greatest lessons learned from the Great War is that modern artillery is a very frightening thing to be shot with. Two decades removed, large guns do not seem to have gotten any less scary - indeed, it looks like fire support will be a crucial piece of armies for some time yet. It's time to start fleshing out our artillery tactics.
Casualty Minimisation
South Africa has a limited manpower pool to draw from compared to most nations we could expect to be fighting. However, the advancement of modern medicine and the treatment of battlefield trauma has allowed for the development of programmes and protocols to ensure that men are patched up and returned back to service in good time.
Special Boat Service
The specialisation of just a few troops is not enough - the amphibious operations of the next war are expected have troop counts in the tens of thousands, if not even more, encompassing several divisions' worth of men. To ensure that we are prepared for any eventuality, we have decided to expand our efforts and create a dedicated unit to amphibious invasions and maritime operations.
RADAR Installations
Lately, naval researchers have been claiming to us that they have developed a potentially groundbreaking technology — a means of detecting objects through the use of radio waves, something they have called 
New Fighter Designs
Aviation technology has improved by leaps and bounds since the Great War - in particular, military aircraft have been getting faster, stronger, and more agile with each year. What was previously something of a secondary aspect of war is becoming increasingly more practical as planes become more capable of various tasks, making controlling airspace a necessity for our military.
New Bomber Designs
While the concept of aerial bombing is not a new one, it is one that has not been employed in Africa at length, nor even that common in Europe during the Great War. However, advances in aviation technology have made air-to-ground bombing of military production targets a much more practical strategy than it was before - something we should capitalise on.
Modern Air Support
Air power, long envisioned as the 
Develop the Air Force
The decision to shift our strategy into one that emphasises the role of air power has already led to the appearance of more air-oriented military theorists, it has been a very spontaneous development without much direction. Giving it that direction should lead to a more cohesive doctrine, one that will fit the kind of wars that we can expect to fight.
A Local Aviation Industry
You can't have an air force without planes, and anyone who tells you differently should probably not be allowed to speak on the matter. Unfortunately, we are a long way away from established aviation production hubs, making imports a difficult process. By fostering a local aviation industry, geared towards providing military aircraft, we can get around this.
Integrated Air Recon
With greater coordination between the Air and Army branches of the South Africa's armed forces, the use of Scout Planes has become the backbone of this coordination. With eyes in the sky, relaying information to provide commanders better planning and strategies against the enemy forces.
A Doctrine of Our Own
By no means are we obligated to follow the course of the British - while they historically influenced our doctrines, their naval inclination is arguably a distraction from more helpful courses. Indeed, some prefer putting the navy to this side in favour of technologies in land and air - mechanisation and air force initiatives already show great promise.
Heavy Armour
South Africa is one of relatively few places on earth with significant sources of chromium - and we have a lot of it. Fortuitously, chromium is a critical aspect in the production of heavy armour, where it strengthens the material, and allows it to remain strong under the extreme heat of enemy fire. With this knowledge, we can exploit our reserves to make tanks of great resilience.
Mechanised Warfare
While we may have the strategic resources necessary to make heavy armour, we lack the industrial base to make its production an easy affair. Some in the military suggest an alternate course of light mechanisation - using trucks and armoured troop carriers to create faster divisions that would be easier to produce and supply than hulking heavy tanks.
Increase Tank Production
With armour rolling off the production line and into the field, we have begun to learn more about the practical implementation of armoured warfare theory. Increasingly, our forces understand how to use these weapons of modern war to their greatest effect - using them to pierce lines, neutralise strongpoints, overwhelm enemy defences, and avoid dangerous attacks. Our knowledge grows with each battle and each exercise.
Local Arms
Inevitably, guns win wars - a soldier that is unarmed can't be expected to perform very well. While we might be able to rely on imports somewhat, it is far from reliable sourcing - to ensure that South African soldiers have the weapons to fight their enemies, we must ensure that they have access to South African arms, and this means building a native arms industry.
Sturdy Designs
The yields of our forays into native mechanised production are not simply tactical - our engineers have been learning a great deal about the nuances of production and the importance of foolproof design, even if it took some accidents to get there. But every accident is a lesson, and our designs have been carrying fewer and fewer aspects that can be used incorrectly.
Armoured Corps
To overcome the lack of manpower and to maximise the Army's effectiveness, theorists have been increasingly advocating for an expansion of armour production and the establish the creation of a proper armoured corps to better concentrate armoured forces and their command. The aim with this initiative is to allow armoured forces to mass more effectively and present a more coordinated and overwhelming presence.
Rapid Warfare
While much of war has always rested on manoeuvre, modern warfare is increasingly revealing itself to emphasise the importance of rapid tempo and even more rapid movement. By putting together our developments in aerial recon, mechanised warfare, and military command, we have forged a military capable swift planning and swifter execution. Our enemies have fallen one step behind, and the gap only grows.
South African Iron and Steel Industrial Corp.
University of Cape Town
African Explosives and Industries
Pretoria National Mint
Dorman Long
Marmon-Herrington South Africa
South African Railways
Zwartkop Manufacturing
de Havilland South Africa
Vickers-Armstrong South Africa
Elgin, Brown & Hamer
Retief, De Ville & Co.
Anglo-American Corporation
Engen Petroleum
Directorate of Supplies
High Commissioner Territory
Autonomous Commune
Advisor Effect: $ZIM_godfrey_martin_huggins$
Effects of Black Monday
Black Monday has struck our country harshly due to our dependence on German trade. Unrest is growing and our economy falters, we must find an ambitious solution to this problem, and quickly!
Racial Segregation
South Africa is a divided nation. While the vast majority of the population belongs to the various native ethnic African groups, socio-economic power is held by the white European minority. This group is in turn is divided between the Afrikaners, the Dutch-speaking descendants of the original Dutch colonists, the majority of the white population in the Cape Province, Orange Free State and Transvaal, and the British who form the majority of the white population in Natal and Rhodesia.\n\nWhile segregation under white rule is not something that will be resolved overnight, likely taking decades for us to properly address, steps can still be taken to improve things... or make them worse.
Apartheid
South African Gold
South Africans come from a mix stock of native Africans, Europeans, and from other areas of the world. Though this hasn't watered down their Dutch ancestors greed for gold. The touch of it, the smell of it...
The Wavering Dominion
While officially part of the British Empire, many Afrikaners feel little allegiance to the British Empire or the Entente, and would prefer establishing an unaligned republic instead. As such, South African participation in the homecoming is far from certain.
While officially part of the British Empire, many Afrikaners feel little allegiance to the British Empire or the Entente, and would prefer establishing an unaligned republic instead.
The Neutral Dominion
While officially part of the British Empire, many Afrikaners feel little allegiance to the British Empire or the Entente, and would prefer establishing an unaligned republic instead. As such, the South African government has decided to declare neutrality in the Third Weltkrieg.
Slavery in the High Commissioner Territories
Slavery has never been completely rooted out in the High Commissioner Territories of Basutoland, Swaziland and especially Bechuanaland on account of the tribal structures in these territories covertly defending the institution. The fact that these barbarous practices continue on despite attempts to curtail it forms a stain on South African honour.
Minority Government
Syndicalist Strikes
Farmer Bailout
The Justice System of the High Commissioner Territories
The justice system of the High Commissioner Territories is a reform in the HCT under South Africa's control. Under the terms of the arrangement, a chief justice will be appointed who will serve as the Chief Judicial Officer in the territories. The Chief Justice will then ensure that the law is also properly maintained in these autonomous territories.
The South African Rand
Named after the Witwatersrand where South Africa's goldmines are located, the Rand is South Africa's newfound sovereign currency following the declaration of the republic and the subsequent consideration that continued usage of the South African Pound was undesirable.
Native Trust and Land Act
The Native Trust and Land Act increases the amount of land allocated to the reserves of South Africa's native majority from around 8% to 13%. While this is still a relatively small amount given the native population makes up about 60% of South Africa's population, it at least ensures that a segment of South Africa's land is designated to them, albeit that it will likely mainly go to the elite.
Asiatic Land Tenure Act
The Asiatic Land Tenure Act confines the ownership of land by Asian South Africans to certain designated areas, especially in Transvaal and Natal, to protect the competitiveness of white shop-owners and to assuage concerns of Indian encroachment upon white neighbourhoods.
The Kruger National Park
Established in 1926 out of the Sabi Game Reserve which was established in 1895 by the Boer republic of Transvaal, the Kruger National Park is one of the largest game reserves in Africa. Recently expanded, fortunate tourists from around the world are trickling in to view the animals either from tourist cars, a new concept since 1927, or the more classical 'Round in Nine' tours by train on the track from Komatipoort to Tzaneen.
Agriculturalist Focus
Granary of Africa
Industrial Farming
Industrial Focus
Great Repairshop
Economic Boom
Hendrik Johannes van der Bijl, founder of the South Africa's electricity utility company ESKOM and steel corporation ISCOR, will be given authoritarian powers by the South African government as Director-General of War supplies to develop the South African manufacturing sector.
Great Trek Centenary Celebrations
This year it is exactly 100 years ago that the Dutch settlers of the Cape Colony embarked on their great migration into the South African hinterland to escape the influence of the British colonial administration. To celebrate this joyous occasion, a grand parade of ox-wagons follows 'Die Pad van Suid-Afrika' from Cape Town to Pretoria, organising Afrikaner-Nationalist festivities in the towns and cities they pass through.
Kariba Dam
The impressive Kariba Dam dams off the Zambezi River in the north of Southern Rhodesia, inducing large quantities of electricity when water is allowed to stream through the structure. This large amount of energy enables industrial activity in Southern Rhodesia and beyond.
South African Mathematical Society
The South African Mathematical Society is a society of highly educated South Africans, who, despite what the society's name would imply, extend their research into not only mathematics but also physics and chemistry.
South African Broadcasting Corporation
The South African Broadcasting Corporation has been established by South Africa's parliament and shortly thereafter acquired the African Broadcasting Company from businessman I.W. Schlesinger. It functions as South Africa's national radio network.
Native Advisory Councils
Hearing out the issues on the minds of our native population is key to keeping the peace. Rather than pretending they don't exist, we should give them the time of day and respond to their problems which can often be fixed rather easily. We will be rewarded with cooperation and stability.
Syndicalist Constitution
The new provisional syndicalist government of South Africa has chosen to draft a completely new and independent constitution for South Africa. This constitution shall form the basis of the new South African state, and likely influence strongly how it will take form.
Unofficial Racial Segregation
Despite the new syndicalist government's measures to dismantle the system of segregation that has been in place in South Africa since its formation, the situation on the ground is that segregation is still omnipresent, with the racial groups of South Africa, especially white South Africans, in many cases distancing themselves from their fellow South Africans with a different skin colour as much as possible.
Native Republic
The new Africanist government of South Africa has heralded the so-called 'Native Republic' principle. This principle holds that South Africa is principally a nation of the original black African population over the white population that ruled it for so long.
Township Formation
With old segregational measures being slowly relaxed, the black population of rural South Africa are on the move: new people arrive en masse in cities like Cape Town, Johannesburg and Durban and local authorities have little chance at catching up with building accommodations, leaving them to build their own shacks in areas rife with crime and violence.
Reactionary Non-Cooperation
Not all South Africans have come around to the idea of a socialist, inclusive future. Especially whites, both Afrikaners and English-speakers, and the old black elites, often still respected for their statuses as tribal chiefs, are distressed at the idea and are actively trying to undermine the socialist system in the hopes of returning to the old system of oppression. Unfortunately, the narrow education standards of the previous regime mean that their expertise is nowhere to be found among loyalists.
Conversion to a Syndicalist Economy
The South African Economy is still widely a capitalist one. It is now the goal of the government to properly convert the economy into socialist one similar to those of the European states. This will be a painful affair at first, but the rewards will be worth it.
Syndicalist Economy
Wage slavery under capitalist cruelty has been fully abolished under the guidance of South Africa's socialist government. The way to it has been painful, but the newly established trade union-centred economy is working well now.
Low Participation
While the new South Africa is inclusive towards all and values the input of every worker regardless of ethnicity, participation is low. Many South Africans just want to live their lives and have little affiliation with politics, of which they were excluded before regardless. As a result, the proletarian electorate is mostly made up of white workers and non-white intellectuals and activists, while most of the black labour force does not participate, despite being allowed to.
Native Trade Unions
In order to strengthen the participation of the native South African population the government has been supporting the establishment of local native trade unions, strengthening the state in the process.
Native Education Programme
Unlike the barbaric previous South African government, socialist South Africa cares for all its citizens. No longer will the native population need to be brainwashed by religious institutions to become learned, the government shall provide.
Dismantling Tribal Structures
The new socialist government of South Africa is not interested in maintaining the archaic monarchies in their lands. South Africans should look to the state that cares for them instead of a few chiefs born in the right family.
Ethnic Representation Councils
To replace the previous institution of paramount chiefs, the socialist government has instead established Ethnic Representation Councils, directly elected by the people they represent. They will instead advise the government on tribal matters.
White Flight
The syndicalist takeover has caused great distress to the white upper class of South Africa. Suddenly deprived of their protections by the government, many of them are emigrating to places they consider more friendly to their interests. Unfortunately for South Africa, they are taking their expertise with them.
Inexperienced Farmers
We have taken and redistributed the farmlands stolen from us by the European imperialists, but unfortunately many of those who have now received the right to work the land are relatively inexperienced farmers. It will take some time for the farming outputs to adjust to the new status-quo.
Compromised Intelligence
Not everyone in South Africa is pleased with the war. Certain elements in our society have come to share information about our military situation with our enemies.
Harassed Troops
Not everyone in South Africa is pleased with the war. Certain elements in our society have come to harass service members for their audacity to fight in the war.
Recruitment Drive
Ossewabrandwag members have translated their enthusiasm to our cause into encouraging Afrikaners to enlist into the army.
Industrial Strikes
The Industrial and Commercial Workers' Union strongly opposes the war effort. In order to sabotage the war effort, they are organising large strikes in the factories.
Miner Strikes
The Industrial and Commercial Workers' Union strongly opposes the war effort. In order to sabotage the war effort, they are organising large strikes in the mines.
Lull in Non-Violent Resistance
Non-violent resistance is the order of the day in South Africa as the popular majority of native Africans protests the equal rights they are denied. In the interest of the war however, the ICU has called off some of the actions.
Bittereinder Resistance
Many Afrikaners have still not accepted our victory in the Boer war and continue to resist our rightful triumph. Something will need to be done if we are to return to stable government.
Anglicisation Efforts
Three times South Africa has been drenched in blood because the Boers are too primitive to enable an understanding with us. Not any more. This time, their crude Dutch patois shall be eradicated, and South Africa shall identify with the Empire forever more.
Reconciliation Efforts
A third Boer War has been fought and, once again, the British have come out on top. Once more, the people of South Africa have to live with the result and the lost sons, and once again there is a desire to reconcile our differences. Perhaps this third time is the charm.
Qualified Franchise Act
Expanded Cape Corps
Troop Specialisation
Special Boat Service
Improved Retrofitting
Trade Protection
Domestic Aircraft Production
Integrated Air Recon
Mechanised Focus
Heavy Armour Focus
Rapid Warfare
Settlers Leaving for the Nuweveld
Refused Our Investment Request
Meddling in Our Affairs
Discriminatory Practices Against Indians
Allows the Recruitment of Nuweveld Settlers
Joined the Reichspakt
Colonising Imperial Lands
Unionist sympathisers with our parliamentary group in the Volksraad will expect us to §Yrepeal the Industrial Conciliation Act§!.\n
The §YRepeal the Industrial Conciliation Act§! will be cancelled.
The government does not have a §Ymajority in the Volksraad§! for the motion.
Gave in to the §Ystrikers' demands§!.
Elections have been held.
The 1943 elections have been held.
The amount of white settlers in Bechuanaland exceeds §Y30,000§!.
The §YNational Conservative Party§! has formed.
§YElections§! shall be held in six weeks.\n
The National Party will §Ygerrymander the constituencies in their own favour§!, ensuring that any future election will end in their favour.
The United Party will §Ygerrymander the constituencies in their own favour§!, ensuring that any future election will end in their favour.
§YThe Union Jack§! will be removed from the §Y'Oranje, Blanje, Blou' flag§!.\n
§YMixed-Race South Africans§! will be allowed to vote in the next general election, greatly weakening the Afrikaner Nationalists, as this demographic will be likely to vote for the [getSAPorUnited].
§YMixed-Race South Africans§! will be allowed to vote in the next general election, greatly weakening the Afrikaner Nationalists, as this demographic will be likely to vote for the Liberal Party of South Africa.
§YIndian South Africans§! and §YCape Malays§! will be allowed vote in the next general election, further solidifying South Africa's reformist path.
If we enter into a coalition with the Labour, we can pass the §Y'Coloured' Enfranchisement Act§! without compromises.
United Party
South African Party
United
SAP
Purified National Party
National Party
Purified National
National
Nuwe Rehoboth
Kalahari
Jan Hendrik Hofmeyr
Jan Smuts
Nicolaas Havenga
James Hertzog
Hofmeyr
Smuts
Havenga
Hertzog
The §Yliberal wing§! will become the §Ydominant wing of the [getSAPorUnited]§!.\n
The 'Coloured' Enfranchisement Act stranded in the first reading.
The South African Party and the National Party are currently fused together in the United Party.
The South African Party and the National Party are currently fused together in the United Party led by §YJan Hendrik Hofmeyr§!.
The South African Party and the National Party are currently fused together in the United Party led by §YNicolaas Havenga§!.
The Liberal Party of South Africa is governing in coalition with the United Party.
§RRacial reform must not be taken lightly in South Africa: if insufficient precautions are taken to placate them, conservatives within the [getSAPorUnited] may doom the progressive cause.§!\n
§YJacobus Gideon Strauss§! will become the new leader of the §Yconservative wing of the South African Party§!.\nThe §Ysocial liberal wing of the South African Party§! will become the dominant wing.\n
Our population-growth will temporarily be §Rslightly lowered§! each time South Africa recruits new settlers.
§GNon-Existent§!
§GNegligible§!
§YPresent§!
§RUnavoidable§!
§RCritical§!
£GFX_pol_power §Y10§! £command_power §Y25§!
£GFX_pol_power §R10§! £command_power §R25§!
It costs $SAF_pp_10_cp_25$ to take the decision
Settler Attractiveness is reset to §Y2%§!.
Settler Attractiveness: $RIGHT|+=%0$
§YThe Tswana Insurgency§! is enabled.\n
§R... and other hilarious jokes you can tell yourself.§!\n
The §YSouth African Party§! and the §YNational Party§! will merge into the §YUnited South African National Party§!.\n
The §Yconservative wing§! will become the §Ydominant wing of the United Party§!.\n
The §Yliberal wing§! will become the §Ydominant wing of the United Party§!.\n
§YA constitution will be approved and a government will be elected by the newly founded bodies.§!
The §Yconversion to a socialist economy§! will §Gnot grow in intensity§!, but completing the conversion will have §Rless benefits§!.\n
The §YAfrikaner Nationalist wing§! will become the §Ydominant wing of the National Party§!.\n
The §YStrength of the Ossewabrandwag§! exceeds §R0%§!.\n
The §YStrength of the ICU§! exceeds §R0%§!.\n
The §YStrength of the Ossewabrandwag§! is reduced by $RIGHT|G0%$.\n
The §YStrength of the ICU§! is reduced by $RIGHT|G0%$.\n
The strain on the prison system §Rincreases§!.\n
Our §YDetention Capacity§! will be §Ggreatly enhanced§!.
The §YOssewabrandwag§! is no longer active in South Africa.
The §YICU§! is no longer active in South Africa.
§YOB members§! harass South African Army Personnel:\n
§YStormjaers§! dynamite a railroad or powerline:\n
§YOB members§! spread anti-war propaganda:\n
§YOB members§! share information of our military situation with the enemy:\n
The §YOssewabrandwag§! is indifferent to the war effort and is not expected to cause trouble, nor to actively support our war effort.\n
The §YIndustrial and Commercial Workers' Union§! is indifferent to the war effort and is not expected to cause trouble, nor to actively support our war effort.\n
The §YOssewabrandwag§! is too weak to perform any activities.\n
§YStormjaers§! beat up ICU members:\nThe §YStrength of the ICU§! is reduced by §G10%§!.\n
The §YOssewabrandwag§! begins a recruitment drive for the army among Afrikaners:\n
§YStormjaers§! lynches citizens of enemy countries:\n
§YOB members§! spread war propaganda:\n
The §YICU§! organises large-scale industrial strikes:\n
§YICU activists§! sabotage military factories:\n
§YICU activists§! sabotage civilian factories:\n
§YICU activists§! share information of our military situation with the enemy:\n
§YICU activists§! spread anti-war propaganda:\n
The §YICU§! organises large-scale mining strikes:\n
§YICU members§! report a weapon hideout of the §YOssewabrandwag§!:\nThe '§YSuppress the Ossewabrandwag§!' decision becomes §Gmore effective§! for one time.\n
The §YICU§! suspends some non-violent resistance:\n
The §YICU§! calls for the recruitment of natives as fighting troops:\n
§YICU activists§! spread war propaganda:\n
The §YICU§! is too weak to perform any activities.\n
Appointing §YFagan§! will render it more likely that the commission comes to a §Yprogressive§! conclusion.\n
Appointing §YSauer§! will render it more likely that the commission comes to a §Yconservative§! conclusion.\n
The §YUnemployment Level§! has dropped below $RIGHT|R%0$.
The §YExtremist wing§! will become the §Ydominant wing of the National Party§!.\n
The §YZambezi§! will form the new border between §YSouth Africa§! and §YMittelafrika§! in §YMozambique§!.\n
The §YInternal Resistance§! against the war will start to organise.
§YOrganisation Inactive§!
§RAnti-War§!
§YNeutral§!
§GPro-War§!
§GGood§!
§YFull§!
§ROverwhelmed§!
Cooperative
Corporation
If we successfully defeat the Republic, we will become the §YSouth African Federation§!.
If this focus is completed, §Y$SAF_divide_the_spoils$§! will:
Replace §Y$SAF_protectorate$§! with §Y$SAF_autonomous_commune$§!\nEffective Change:\n$MODIFIER_LOCAL_MANPOWER$: [?0.4|+=%0]\n$MODIFIER_LOCAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: [?3|+=0]
[THIS.GetName] has been elected as MP
§HRhodesia§!:\n   $MODIFIER_LOCAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: §G+3§!\n   $MODIFIER_STATE_RESOURCES_FACTOR$: §G+33%§!\n   $MODIFIER_STATE_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: §G+25%§!
§YThis modifier will be disabled if $ZIM_godfrey_martin_huggins$ is no longer an active advisor§!
The Nuweveld Project
The wild lands of Bechuanaland have been mostly untouched by civilisation, not in the last place because the Tswana people secured themselves the protection of the United Kingdom. Now the South African government has decided to repudiate these arrangements and to open up Bechuanaland for white settlement.\n\nWhite settlers in Bechuanaland: §G[?542.SAF_whites_in_botswana]§!\nSettler Attractiveness: [?542.SAF_settling_attractiveness|%+0]\nInsurgency Risk: [SAF_getTswanaInsurgency]
Ryneveld Doctrine
The Ryneveld Doctrine, formulated by generals Jan Smuts and Pierre van Ryneveld, sets out that the former colonies belonging to the United Kingdom, lost after their collapse at the end for the Weltkrieg, cannot be left in anarchy until a coherent native force that might threaten western civilisation in South Africa forms. In the name of our national security, it is vital that we get these colonies back and expand our dominion over southern and eastern Africa.
Response to Black Monday
During the 1920s the South African government opted to intensify its economic ties to the Kaiserreich in the hopes of alleviating the ill effects of the Great Depression, with only limited effect. Now that Germany has been hit by its own national crisis, the effects have quickly expanded into South Africa's manufacturing sector. After only a few years of relative prosperity the nation's economy is in shambles once again.\n\nFree Budget: [saffaBudgetAmount] SA Pounds.\nInflation: [?saf_var_inflation|%-0].\nUnemployment: [?saf_var_unemployment|%R0].\nRelated debt: [saffaDebtAmount] SA Pounds.
Fight the Tswana Insurgency
The Tswana people have armed themselves and have risen in rebellion against the white encroachment on the lands that historically belonged to their tribe.\nTo prevent them from hurting our colonisation efforts, we must make good use of the UDF to contain the insurgency.
Attract South African Settlers
South Africa proper already has a significant settler pool. By raising awareness about the project and the government-induced benefits for moving to the borderlands we can likely increase the settlement rate with a fair amount.
Ask for permission to recruit [From.GetAdjective] settlers
[From.GetNameDefCap] has a pool of settlers in cultural-political conformity with Afrikanerdom who might be fit to bring civilisation to the Nuweveld. Of course, to set up a recruitment campaign among them we would first need to secure permission from their government.
Recruit settlers from [From.GetNameDef]
[From.GetNameDefCap] has a pool of settlers in cultural-political conformity with Afrikanerdom. With the previously acquired permission of their government we can attempt to attract settlers from this place to the Nuweveld.
Yearly Nuweveld Report
Every year the Nuweveld commission will forward a report to the South African government detailing the progress made with the Nuweveld project.
Control the Tswana Insurgency
The Tswana people have risen in revolt against our technically not completely legal encroachment on their formerly protected lands. If our colonisation project is to become a success, we must make sure that we can control the Tswana insurgents roaming the savannahs, who hit and then retreat back into the bush.
Upgrade Housing Conditions in the Townships
With previous restrictions on the movement of black South Africans to our cities lifted, the townships surrounding these cities have grown increasingly overpopulated, overwhelming the local governments and causing living conditions in these townships to be poor. Solving this problem will require a large-scale housing programme.
Paramilitary and Militant Trade Union Activity
South Africa is at war, but not everyone is convinced it should be. As a result, on both sides of the spectrum, South Africans have organised in organisations, to either support the government or to sabotage the war effort. The South African government will need to keep both these groups in check, for those who are at present supportive of the good fight may conspire treason in the future.\n\n§YOssewabrandwag§!:\n§YStrength§!: [?saf_ob_strength|0%]\n§YStance on the war§!: [SAF_getOBWarStance]\n\n§YIndustrial and Commercial Workers' Union§!:\n§YStrength§!: [?saf_icu_strength|0%]\n§YStance on the war§!: [SAF_getICUWarStance]\n\n§YDetention Capacity§!: [SAF_getDetentionCapacity]
Suppress the Ossewabrandwag
Concerns are rising about the growing power of the Ossewabrandwag. Voices call for us to curtail their rise by having the South African Police Service crack down on their activities.
Suppress the ICU
Concerns are rising about the growing power of the Industrial and Commercial Workers' Union. Voices call for us to curtail their rise by having the South African Police Service crack down on their activities.
Construct Detainment Camps
Illicit ICU and OB activities have caused the amount of detainees in the justice system to increase significantly, causing our prison system to become slowly but steadily overwhelmed. Proposals have risen to establish detainment camps to enhance our capacity to keep these people off the streets, but comparisons with the concentration camps during the Boer War will surely be swiftly made.
Ossewabrandwag Activities
The Ossewabrandwag may be plotting to undercut, or inversely, support, our war effort. It will be important to keep an eye on their activities.
ICU Activities
The Industrial and Commercial Workers' Union may be plotting to undercut, or inversely, support, our war effort. It will be important to keep an eye on their activities.
Intervene in South West Africa
Although South West Africa has never been de jure part of the British Empire, South Africa has administered the territory between the successful pacification of the territory and the ratification of the treaty of Copenhagen. South West Africa also hosts a relatively significant population of Afrikaner 'Dorsland Trekkers', rendering the territory interesting for Afrikaner Nationalists.
Intervene in Northern Rhodesia
The colony of Northern Rhodesia has been a contentious area for a while. Having been the connecting area between Portuguese Angola and Mozambique, and German South West and East Africa, the region has been desired by both these powers. Great Britain originally managed to secure it in their attempt to establish a continuous land corridor from the Cape to Cairo, but when the Empire fell apart like a house of cards in 1925 Germany took away with it. Now that the Germans are gone, we are here to reclaim it!
Enforce the Nyasaland Protectorate
The Nyasaland Protectorate in the Zambezi area has seen imperial interest since the explorations of David Livingstone, although its sovereignty has been contested by the Portuguese from Mozambique. The Empire eventually won out, but the region was occupied by Germany following the collapse. Now it is time we reclaim the region.
Invade Mozambique
The former Portuguese colony of Mozambique has never been part of the British Empire. However, south of the River Zambezi it is part of Jan Smuts' designs for a greater South African dominion which would be able to compete with Canada and Australasia. Besides, the Mozambican ports would be a great boon for our industry along the Witwatersrand and the region could serve as a buffer zone between South Africa proper and non-South African part of Africa.
Invade [TZN.GetNameDef]
[TZN.GetNameDefCap] has never been part of the British Empire, but it is in the way on the road to the other centre of gravity of British African colonialism: Kenya. Perhaps control over it can be leveraged to convince the Germans to abandon its claims elsewhere, or otherwise it at least makes arch-imperialist Cecil C. Rhodes' dream of continuous British rule from the Cape to Cairo possible.
Enforce the Uganda Protectorate
The Buganda Kingdom was, until the imperial collapse resulted in a German takeover of the region, a protectorate of the British Empire. Now that we have (re-)established a presence in the region it is our duty to ensure that this defunct relationship is properly restored.
Enforce the Zanzibar Protectorate
The establishment of a protectorate over the Sultanate of Zanzibar is famous for having been the shortest war. The relationship became defunct after the collapse of the Empire, during which Germany showed its true colours and occupied the sultanate ignoring the Zanzibar-Heligoland Treaty between Britain and Germany entirely. It is our duty to restore the rightful order.
Enforce the East Africa Protectorate
The East Africa Protectorate in Kenya has historically served as the point of gravity in British-controlled East Africa, and the highlands of it host the third largest population of white settlers in what is supposed to be British Africa behind the Union of South Africa itself and Northern Rhodesia. We cannot leave them behind.
Demand [KTG.GetNameDef] retreats from Northern Rhodesia
[KTG.GetNameDefCap] has taken control over parts of Northern Rhodesia, which officially belongs to the British Empire. We have no interest in occupying the [KTG.GetAdjective] hinterland, but the return of the Northern Rhodesian Territories is non-negotiable.
Demand [KIV.GetNameDef] retreats from Uganda
[KIV.GetNameDefCap] has taken control over Uganda, which officially belongs to the British Empire. We have no interest in occupying the [KIV.GetAdjective] hinterland, but the return of Uganda is non-negotiable.
Demand [SOM.GetNameDef] retreats from Jubaland
[SOM.GetNameDefCap] has taken control over Jubaland, which officially belongs to the British Empire as part of the East Africa Protectorate. We have no interest in occupying the [SOM.GetAdjective] hinterland, but the return of Jubaland is non-negotiable.
Exploit Resources
The mining industry is currently one of the main driving forces of the [SAF.getname], with its history and development rotating around this. With the discovery of Diamonds, Gold, Coal, and many other resources required to fuel the economies of the modern world, it's no wonder why many come to [SAF.getname]. With this in mind, the South African region is still a land rich nation, with deposits waiting to be exploited, though the expertise and equipment is still just out of reach for our skilled miners... for now.
Develop Chromium in the Orange Free State
We have discovered additional chromium deposits in the Orange Free State, and it will take some time and effort to create a productive mine there.
Develop Steel in the Orange Free State
The development of the border territories has resulted in a population influx in South Africa proper as a by-effect, supplying the cheap labour required to develop iron deposits along the Orange River.
Develop Steel in Southern Rhodesia
The development of the border territories has resulted in a population influx in Southern Rhodesia as a by-effect, supplying the cheap labour required to develop iron deposits near Bulawayo.
Expand the Iron Mines of Transvaal
We have discovered additional iron deposits in the province of Transvaal, and it will take some time and effort to create a productive mine there.
Develop Steel in the Northern Cape
We have discovered steel deposits near Kimberley, and it will take some time and effort to create a productive mine there.
Develop Aluminium in the Northern Cape
We have discovered aluminium deposits near Kimberley, and it will take some time and effort to create a productive mine there.
Develop Steel in Natal
We have discovered iron deposits in the province of Natal, and it will take some time and effort to create a productive mine there.
Build Factory in Cape Town
South Africa's largest city and main port of Cape Town lies ideally placed for the expansion of our war industry and the Industrial Development [SAF_getCorp_or_Coop] stands ready to exploit this opportunity.
Build Factory in Durban
While the town of Durban only fairly recently truly took off, it is ideally placed at the sea from our main industrial base at the Witwatersrand and has access to a relatively large base of potential Zulu labourers. It is not surprising therefore, that the Industrial Development [SAF_getCorp_or_Coop] regards Durban as a prime spot to expand South Africa's wartime industries.
Build Factory in Johannesburg
As the main city in the Witwatersrand, South Africa's direct mining and industrial base, Johannesburg forms a prime location to expand South Africa's war industries. The Industrial Development [SAF_getCorp_or_Coop], readily set up in this region, has prepared ambitious plans for expansion here.
Build Factory in Salisbury
While Salisbury is regarded by many as a backwater that cannot possibly compare to South Africa proper, its easy access to the Zambezi and the Kariba Dam makes it rather well suited for at least a modest industrial base which could be expanded upon by the Industrial Development [SAF_getCorp_or_Coop].
Invest in Cape Town
Strategically placed in relative vicinity to Africa's southern tip, Cape Town is South Africa's largest and richest city. A few well-placed investments can be assured to allow it to prosper to an even greater degree!
Invest in Durban
As the largest port on South Africa's east coast, Durban forms a prime recipient for investments: easy access to our mining industry in the Witwatersrand in Transvaal ensures that its value cannot be overstated!
Expand Vanderbijlpark
Vanderbijlpark is where the heart of the South African steel industry is located. Demands for steel is only ever increasing however, and with international tensions ever rising, and economies growing worldwide, this will not be different in the foreseeable future.
Invest in the Witwatersrand
As our largest mining belt, the Witwatersrand has been Southern Africa's, if not Africa's, largest industrial region since the time of the Boer republics. It is clear that investment here will doubtlessly result in economic expansion.
Print Extra Money
We can order the South African Reserve Bank to print us extra money to spend. However, this may cause the value of the South African Pound to drop.
Borrow 2 Million SA Pounds
We can take a loan of 2 million SA Pounds to add to our budget, but this can not be done indefinitely.
Repay 2 Million SA Pounds
We can repay 2 million SA Pounds from our budget, so we won't have to pay interest over it anymore.
Cut Military Funding
We can save quite a bit of money by cutting the funding of the military. Jan Smuts and his allies oppose such a measure however, pointing at South Africa's moral obligation to eventually help the British monarchy extinguish the British revolution.
Raise Taxes
We can bring in some extra money to spend on countering Black Monday by raising some extra taxes. This may stifle the market even further however, and the rich mine owners of the Witwatersrand behind the South African Party would not be pleased.
Start a Public Works Programme
The most straightforward way to combat unemployment is to kickstart large public works projects the unemployed can participate in. They can then use the money they earn with this to take care of their families. As an added bonus, the money they spend will enter the economy and help it recover.
Subsidise Precious Metals Export
South Africa's economy relies in significant part on our gold and diamond mines. By subsidising these exports, we will find our fair amount of foreign currency flowing our way, which will aid our recovery significantly.
Nationalise a Major Company
Fact is that the goals of major companies are often aimed at making the most profit rather than providing as many people as possible with a living. To that end it might be worthwhile to nationalise one of these major companies and redirect it towards that goal. This will not be cheap, however.
Implement Tariffs
We can try protecting our own economy by implementing tariffs against the cheap goods that enter South Africa while bringing in some money as well. Such actions could potentially motivate the countries whose economies are negatively impacted by this action to reciprocate with South African goods entering their market however.
Increase the South African Reserve Bank Interest
Banks in South Africa take loans from the South African Reserve Bank. By increasing the interest over these loans, we can influence the money supply and lower our inflation once.
Soften the Colour Bar
South Africa's workforce is not insignificant, but South African companies are hindered in tapping in this base as a result of regulation limiting the use of non-white personnel. We can help our companies and our economy as a whole by softening these requirements somewhat, even if this is a politically tedious move.
We will print extra money: this will increase our budget by §G2 million South African Pounds§! but our inflation will grow!
We will take a loan of §G2 million South African Pounds§!. §RWe will have to pay interest over the sum until we repay it!§!
Has §Y2 million South African Pounds§! of debt that may be repaid.
We repay §G2 million South African Pounds§! of debt.
Abandoning the Gold Standard
We save §G5 million South African Pounds§! of military funding that will be added to our budget to combat Black Monday.\n
We will collect §G2 million South African Pounds§! of taxes that will be added to our budget to combat Black Monday.\n
Floating the South Arican Pound, and abandoning the Gold Standard will lead to inflation, and will assist with the unemployment crisis.\n
§H2 million§! Pounds
§R2 million§! Pounds
It costs $SAF_tt_two_million_kronor_blocked$ to take this decision
§H3 million§! Pounds.
§R3 million§! Pounds.
It costs $SAF_tt_three_million_kronor_blocked$ to take this decision
§H5 million§! Pounds
§R5 million§! Pounds
It costs $SAF_tt_five_million_kronor_blocked$ to take this decision
We collect §G1 million South African Pounds§! of tariffs that will be added to our budget to combat Black Monday.\n
We have less than §Y10 million South African Pounds§! of related debt.
We pay §R[?saf_var_interest|1] million South African Pounds§! in interests over our loans!\n
§Y0§!
§G[?saf_var_budget|1] million§!
§R[?saf_var_debt|1] million§!
Some would say South Africa is the place where the British Empire's decline became visible to the world: the trouble they had pacifying the insurgent Boers laying bare the rot which would later cost them the Great War. Britain eventually did prevail against them, and from the ashes arose the Union of South Africa in 1910, a British Dominion. Since then, the Empire collapsed, and now South Africa, in its new role as the last vanguard of British influence on the African continent, is at a crossroads: is its dominion status beneficial as prime minister Jan Smuts asserts? Or has the time come for South Africa to seize its destiny for itself?
GFX_SAF_intro
The Union of South Africa
Formed in 1910 as a merger of the various British possessions in South Africa - the Cape Colony, Natal, Transvaal, and the Orange Free State - after the Second Boer War, the Union of South Africa remains as the last remnants of British presence in Africa.\n\nBut the dominion is wavering: the white Afrikaner population yearns back to the independence of the Boer republics of old, while on the other side of the political spectrum syndicalism, already influential in the region since before the Commune of France or the Union of Britain materialised, is creeping into the minds of the impoverished underclass, of every racial group, who are chafing under the effects of the economic downturn.\n\nThe Union's politics revolve around a two-party system: the South African Party of General Jan Smuts, and the National Party of general J.B.M. Hertzog. A smaller party, the Labour Party, currently divided into two opposing factions, also holds a presence in the South African Parliament. Between 1924 and 1929, they ruled with the National Party in a coalition government, but after their failure to tame the Great Depression, the South African Party secured a majority again, first with the help of breakaway Nationalists, and then, after 1933, after being credited for relieving the effects of the Great Depression, on its own.
Race in South Africa
South Africa's population is perhaps the most diverse in all of Africa, but racism and segregation are institutionalised and omnipresent.\n\nThe white European population forms the top of South Africa's racial hierarchy; they hold socio-economic power in the nation and enforce a degree of segregation throughout South Africa. The group is divided between the Afrikaners, the descendants of Dutch colonists who arrived in the Cape during Dutch rule, who hold political power owing to being the majority of the almost exclusively white electorate, and the British South Africans, English-speaking descendants of colonists who arrived in the 19th century, who hold most economic power, although this is shifting somewhat to the Afrikaner advantage in recent years.\n\nOf the non-white population, the so-called 'Coloured' community enjoys the most respect. This group is made up of people of mixed heritage and most of them speak Afrikaans, the same language as white Afrikaners. They make up the majority of population in the western Cape Province, and make up the largest part of the non-white property-based voters in that same province as well as in Southern Rhodesia.\n\nThen there is the Asiatic group: South Africans of Asian descent. The majority in this group are former indentured workers from British India or their descendants, who live primarily in Natal and to a smaller extent in Transvaal. In the Cape one can also find the Cape Malays, who were brought here from Maritime Southeast Asia by the Dutch in the 17th and 18th centuries.\n\nThe least respected are the original (native) black Africans. Most of them belong to one of several Bantu peoples, the Xhosa, the Zulu, the Sotho or one of several smaller tribal groups. Despite making up the majority of the South African population by far, they have very little political power, even in the provinces where non-whites can theoretically vote, where very few of them fulfil the needed property requirements. With an entrenched white electorate, hopes for reform are dim.
The South Africa Act
The South Africa Act of 1909 passed by Westminster serves as the Union's constitution: the Union of South Africa is a unitary state, rather than a federation, with each colony's parliaments abolished and replaced with provincial councils.\n\nThe national Parliament consists of two parts: the Volksraad and Senate. The Volksraad members are elected mostly by the country's white minority under first past the post, although the franchise varies depending upon the province. In the Cape and Southern Rhodesia, a qualified franchise based upon property and education requirements is in place, while the vote is white-only everywhere else. The Senate is appointed by an electoral college consisting of members of each of the five Provincial Councils and members of the Volksraad. The government follows the Westminster model, and is appointed by the Governor-General of South Africa, presently the Earl of Clarendon.\n\nSouth Africa has been administering Bechuanaland, Basutoland and Swaziland as protectorates in the place of Britain ever since the British revolution in the 1920s, while Southern Rhodesia has been admitted as a province of the union in 1922.
§MThe New Union§! ($social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot If you take the focus §YEstablish Work Programmes§!, call an early election and have the §cSAP§! win; if you don't call an early election, do not let §aNational§! into your coalition and elect the §cSAP§! in the 1938 elections.\n£white_dot Complete the focus §YAsiatic Land Tenure Act§!.\n£white_dot You will now be able to take the §YColoured Enfranchisement Act§! focus without failing it, when started the §lLiberals§! will become the dominant wing of the faction.\n£white_dot In the next election, we will only be able to elect the §lLiberals§! into power, but in the next and all following ones we will able to elect the §SLabour Party§! too.\n\n§MThe United Dominion§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Take the focus §YEstablish Work Programmes§! and then let §aNational§! into your coalition.\n£white_dot In September of 1937, the event \
South Africa
South African
South Africa
South African People's Union
the South African People's Union
South African People's Union
the South African People's Union
South African People's Union
the South African People's Union
Union of South Africa
the Union of South Africa
Union of South Africa
the Union of South Africa
Union of South Africa
the Union of South Africa
Union of South Africa
the Union of South Africa
Union of South Africa
the Union of South Africa
Union of South Africa
the Union of South Africa
Union of South Africa
the Union of South Africa
Union of South Africa
the Union of South Africa
Union of South Africa
the Union of South Africa
Union of South Africa
the Union of South Africa
Union of South Africa
the Union of South Africa
Union of South Africa
the Union of South Africa
Union of South Africa
the Union of South Africa
Union of South Africa
the Union of South Africa
South African Federation
the South African Federation
South African Federation
the South African Federation
South African Federation
the South African Federation
South African Federation
the South African Federation
South African Federation
the South African Federation
South African Federation
the South African Federation
South African Federation
the South African Federation
Republic of South Africa
the Republic of South Africa
Republic of South Africa
the Republic of South Africa
Republic of South Africa
the Republic of South Africa
Republic of South Africa
the Republic of South Africa
Republic of South Africa
the Republic of South Africa
Republic of South Africa
the Republic of South Africa
Republic of South Africa
the Republic of South Africa
South African Republic
the South African Republic
South African Republic
the South African Republic
South African Republic
the South African Republic
South African Republic
the South African Republic
South African Republic
the South African Republic
South African Republic
the South African Republic
South African Republic
the South African Republic
Second Rand Revolt
Socialist
the Second Rand Revolt
James Arnold La Guma
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 23rd, 1894, in Bloemfontein, Orange Free State§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJames \
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 23rd, 1894, in Bloemfontein, Orange Free State§!
Clements Kadalie
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1896, in Chifira, West Nyasa District, British Central Africa Protectorate§!\n§YBackground:§! §LClements Kadalie was born with the native name Lameck Koniwaka Kadali Muwamba to a minor chiefly family. His father and uncle's influence helped secure him entrance to a missionary school, where he turned out to be an exemplary student. At age 16, he was granted a position as a teacher to a minor village school in Nyasaland, but after a year he decided to seek employment as a clerk instead. This eventually brought him to Cape Town, where he first started going by the anglicised name \
Moses Mauane Kotane
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 9th, 1905, in Pella, Transvaal Colony§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMoses Mauane Kotane was born to a Black literate family belonging to the Tswana peoples. Despite his father being a Lutheran preacher, young Moses received little formal schooling as a child and as the second oldest son among eleven siblings was expected to find work at an early age, to help provide for the family. As a teenager, he initially found employment as a farmworker and was paid primarily in livestock that was given to his family. By the time he finally entered school, Moses was far behind his fellow students and grew increasingly confrontational with his teachers, who he believed were unqualified and did not properly nurture his talents. In 1924 he moved to Johannesburg and worked a variety of jobs, eventually joining the ANC and the ICU's trade unions. With backing from his fellow trade unionist Albert Nzula, Moses was soon elected as vice-chair of a national trade union conference and introduced to the wider world of the black, white and coloured intelligentsia in South Africa. He grew close to the ISL, particularly the clique surrounding Sidney Bunting, David Ivon Jones and Eddie Roux, who were greatly sympathetic to encouraging black membership in the South African labour movement. He also briefly flirted with Africanist, nativist ideas due to Nzula's influence, but ultimately feared that black nationalism would lead to racial chauvinism and tribal animosity, endangering the carefully maintained alliances between blacks and coloureds. Moses went on to serve as a typesetter and Setswana translator for various socialist newspapers under Roux' editorship.\n\nBy the 1930s, Moses packed his bags for Cape Town in an attempt to build a new political following away from the socialist leadership in Johannesburg, but also to slip beneath the South African government's notice, forging secret alliances with coastal trade unions. This paid off after the socialist revolution, as these unions elected Moses as a key member of the new ISL government, eventually paving the way for him to take over as David Ivon Jones' successor, serving as a young, charismatic, black leader of the nation's socialist movement.§!
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 9th, 1905, in Pella, Transvaal Colony§!
Josiah Tshangana Gumede
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 9th, 1867, in Healdtown, Cape Colony§!
Davidson Don Tengo Jabavu
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 20th, 1885, in King Williams Town, Cape Colony§!
Alfred Bitini Xuma
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 8th, 1893, in Manzana, Cape Colony§!
Anton Muziwakhe Lembede
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 30th, 1914, in Eston, Province of Natal, Union of South Africa§!
David Ivon Jones
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 18th, 1883, in Aberystwyth, Cardiganshire, Wales§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDavid Ivon Jones was born in Wales to a prominent family of liberal radicals. His grandfather John Jones had been a champion of Welsh rural politics and a participant in the religious Nonconformist movement, which heavily affected David growing up. Though initially following in his grandfather's footsteps and taking up the cause of Welsh nationalism, David contracted tuberculosis in his early 20s, a disease that has haunted him ever since. After being recommended to move to a drier climate to convalesce, David first packed his bags for New Zealand, but later in 1909 migrated to South Africa where he settled in the Witwatersrand. He witnessed vast social and economic inequality among the miners, as well as the racial divides in the labour movement. David thought both white and black labourers were treated as slaves, but put emphasis on how thoroughly downtrodden the blacks were, abandoned by the white workers who could have been their comrades. Motivated by Christian Unitarianism, along with his moralist and nascent socialist views, David proclaimed that the South African worker would have to \
William Henry Andrews
§YBorn:§! §LApril 20th, 1870, in Leiston, Suffolk, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWilliam Henry Andrews, commonly known as \
Walter Bayley Madeley
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 28th, 1873, in Woolwich, London, England§!
Jan Hendrik Hofmeyr
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 20th, 1894, in Cape Town, Cape Colony§!
Gideon Brand van Zyl
§YBorn:§! §LJune 3rd, 1873, in Cape Town, Cape Colony§!
Jan Christian Smuts
§YBorn:§! §LMay 24th, 1870, in Bovenplaats, Cape Colony§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJan Christiaan Smuts, though an Afrikaner veteran of the Second Boer-War, had, by the onset of the Weltkrieg, become a staunch proponent of South African autonomy within the British Empire. During the Weltkrieg, Smuts led South Africa's armies against the Germans in Namibia and clashed with the famous Paul von Lettow-Vorbeck in East Africa. In defeat, Smuts continued for South Africa's future; while he was temporarily swept out of power in 1924 by the National Party, who wanted to break with Britain permanently, he was back in charge in 1929. He has been fighting for South Africa's alliance with the Entente for his entire career, and it does not appear he is about to give up.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 24th, 1870, in Bovenplaats, Cape Colony§!
Jacobus Gideon Nel Strauss
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 17th, 1900, in Calvinia, Cape Colony§!
James Barry Munnik Hertzog
§YBorn:§! §LApril 3rd, 1866, in Wellington, Cape Colony§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJames Barry Munnik Hertzog first rose to prominence as a Boer guerrilla leader in the second Anglo-Boer war; defiant to the last, he resisted the British long after the war had been definitively lost. Even in defeat, however, Hertzog continued to champion the Afrikaner people. He rose to leadership of the Afrikaner dominated \
§YBorn:§! §LApril 3rd, 1866, in Wellington, Cape Colony§!
Nicolaas Christiaan Havenga
§YBorn:§! §LMay 1st, 1882, in Fauresmith, Orange Free State§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNicolaas Christiaan Havenga, once a loyal supporter of the James Hertzog and the National Party, and perhaps an even more radical Afrikaner nationalist, left the party over disagreements with its economic policies. He founded the 'Afrikaner Party' in opposition to what was, in his view, the regressive economic platform of the National Party. As president, Havenga seeks to deregulate foreign trade and promote the exploitation of South Africa's vast gold deposits.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 1st, 1882, in Fauresmith, Orange Free State§!
Daniel François Malan
§YBorn:§! §LMay 22nd, 1874, in Riebeek-West, Cape Colony§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDaniel François Malan, former editor of the National Party's newspaper, Die Burger, has outmanoeuvred rival James Hertzog to secure dominance of South Africa's nationalist faction. Malan is, even by Afrikaner Nationalist standards, a hard-line proponent of racial segregation and the suppression of South Africa's black population. As State President, Malan strives to transform South Africa into a nation completely by and for the Afrikaner people, and by nearly any means necessary.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 22nd, 1874, in Riebeek-West, Cape Colony§!
Johannes Frederik Janse van Rensburg
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1898, in Winburg, Orange Free State§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrom secretary of former Justice Minister Tielman Roos, to dictator of South Africa. Few will have foreseen how events turned out. Van Rensburg has always been the leader of the most extreme wing of the National Party, speaking of the Afrikaner nation, appealing to the emotion and the religiosity of his audience while not making a secret of his disdain for the democratic system, the British and the supposed threat that the native South African poses to the Afrikaner \
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1898, in Winburg, Orange Free State§!
George Herbert Hyde Villiers
§YBorn:§! §LJune 7th, 1877, in London, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGeorge Herbert Hyde Villiers, the Right Honourable Earl of Clarendon, previously member of the British Government in Exile in Canada, was appointed Governor-General of South Africa in 1931, taking care of His Majesty's duties in South Africa for him: appointing the cabinet and dissolving parliament if need be. Notably, the earl is also the chief scout of South Africa. Despite the fact that his political wit induces respect, some voice concerns over the fact that South Africa's Governor-General is not a South African...§!
Patrick Duncan
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 21st, 1870, in Fortrie, Banffshire, Scotland§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSir Patrick Duncan was born in a time quite different from now, when Britain still ruled the world. Having emigrated to South Africa during the Boer War, after which he practised as an attorney and then joined politics first as a member of the pro-British Unionist Party and then after the merger the South African Party, Duncan is the first South African citizen to be appointed as Governor-General of the Union. A milestone.§!
Nicolaas Jacobus de Wet
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 11th, 1873, in Aliwal North, Cape Colony§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNicolaas Jacobus de Wet was never supposed to be acting Governor-General of South Africa: a judge by profession, he was Chief Justice of the nation when unexpectedly the existing Governor-General, sir Patrick Duncan, passed away. It was ruled that De Wet would do as an acting Officer Administering the Government of South Africa, and as such, De Wet is now both the first Afrikaner and first South African born in South Africa who takes care of His Majesty's duties as Head of State.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 11th, 1873, in Aliwal North, Cape Colony§!
Ernest George Jansen
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 7th, 1881, in Dundee, Colony of Natal§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPushed through on the insistence of the National Party, who were determined to get a \
George Edwin Brink
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1889, in Jagersfontein, Orange Free State§!
Daniel Hermanus Pienaar
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 27th, 1893, in Ladybrand, Orange Free State§!
Andries Jacob Brink
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 21st, 1877, in Somerset West, Cape Colony§!
Hendrik Balzazar Klopper
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1903, in Somerset East, Cape Colony§!
Isaac Pierre de Villiers
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 20th, 1891, in Somerset East, Cape Colony§!
William Henry Evered Poole
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1902, in Caledon, Cape Colony§!
Christiaan Ludolph de Wet du Toit
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1901, in Stellenbosch, Cape Colony§!
Dolf de la Rey
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 17th, 1875, in Magaliesburg, South African Republic§!
Philip Hamond
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1883, in East Dereham, Norfolk, England§!
Lancelot John Morley-Turney
§YBorn:§! §Lin Newlands, Province of the Cape of Good Hope§!
Percy John Hodgson
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 17th, 1910, in Roodepoort, Province of Transvaal, Union of South Africa§!
Govan Archibald Mvuyelwa Mbeki
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 9th, 1910, in Nqamakwe, Province of the Cape of Good Hope, Union of South Africa§!
Thabo Edwin Mofutsanyana
§YBorn:§! §L1899, in Witsieshoek, Orange Free State§!
Walter Max Ulyate Sisulu
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1912, in Province of the Cape of Good Hope, Union of South Africa§!
Guy Waterhouse Hallifax
§YBorn:§! §LJune 21st, 1884, in South Stoneham, Hampshire, England§!
Pieter de Waal
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 31st, 1899, in Zeerust, South African Republic§!
Cecil George Williams
§YBorn:§! §L1906, in Bodmin, Cornwall, England§!
Albert Thomas Nzula
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 16th, 1905, in Rouxville, Orange River Colony§!
Emil Solomon Sachs
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 11th, 1900, in Kamajai, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
John Stephen Gomas
§YBorn:§! §LApril 8th, 1901, in Malmesbury, Cape Colony§!
South African Parliament
§YFounded:§! §LMay 31st, 1910, in Cape Town, Province of the Cape of Good Hope, Union of South Africa§!
Yusuf Mohamed Dadoo
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 5th, 1909, in Krugersdorp, South African Republic§!
Alan Stewart Paton
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 11th, 1903, in Pietermaritzburg, Colony of Natal§!
Charles Frampton Stallard
§YBorn:§! §LJune 4th, 1871, in London, England§!
Hendrik Johannes van der Bijl
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 23rd, 1887, in Pretoria, South African Republic§!
Henry Allan Fagan
§YBorn:§! §LApril 4th, 1889, in Tulbagh, Cape Colony§!
Paul Oliver Sauer
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1898, in Wynberg, Cape Colony§!
Harry Frederick Oppenheimer
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 28th, 1908, in Kimberly, Cape Colony§!
Gustav Imroth
§YBorn:§! §LJune 29th, 1862, in Friedberg, Province of Upper Hesse, Grand Duchy of Hesse§!
Herbert Baker
§YBorn:§! §LJune 9th, 1862, in Cobham, Kent, England§!
Henning Johannes Klopper
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 17th, 1895, in Heilbron, Orange Free State§!
Leila Agnes Buissinné Reitz
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 13th, 1887, in Cape Town, Cape Colony§!
Zainunissa Gool
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 6th, 1897, in Cape Town, Cape Colony§!
William Henry Clark
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 4th, 1876, in Cambridge, England§!
Oswald Pirow
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 14th, 1890, in Aberdeen, Cape Colony§!
Henry Gluckmann
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 12th, 1893, in Žagarė, Kovno Governorate, Russian Empire§!
§YBackground:§! §LThe Head of Intelligence of the South Africa can change with each incoming administration.§!
James Shields
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1900, in Greenock, Renfrewshire, Scotland§!
Henry Landau
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1892, in Bethel, South African Republic§!
François Christiaan Erasmus
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 19th, 1896, in Houtenbeck, Cape Colony§!
Leonard Beyers
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 22nd, 1894, in Kimberley, Cape Colony§!
Edward Neville Syfret
§YBorn:§! §LJune 20th, 1889, in Newlands, Cape Colony§!
Frederick Dean
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 1st, 1900§!
Hesperus Andrias van Ryneveld
§YBorn:§! §LMay 2nd, 1891, in Senekal, Orange Free State§!
Francis Richard Gurney Hoare
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 14th, 1879, in Frognal, Hampstead, London§!
Kenneth van der Spuy
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 18th, 1892, in Stellenbosch, Cape Colony§!
Christoffel Venter
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 1st, 1892, in Middelburg, Cape Colony§!
Hector Cyril Daniel
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 19th, 1898, in Senekal, Orange Free State§!
James Thom Durrant
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1913, in Johannesburg, Province of Transvaal, Union of South Africa§!
Adolph Gysbert Malan
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 3rd, 1910, in Wellington, Province of the Cape of Good Hope, Union of South Africa§!
Union Defence Council
§YFounded:§! §LJuly 1st, 1912, in Pretoria, Province of Transvaal, Union of South Africa§!
Industrial Electrifier
Leader of the ANC
Orange Administrator
Reformist Englishman
Afrikaner Hardliner
Actual Representative
Political Pioneer
Chairman of the Broederbond
High Commissioner
Administrator of South Rhodesia
British Commander
§LThis leader is a British officer, and will only serve us as long as we remain loyal to the Entente.§!
Boer Commander
§LThis leader is a Boer officer, and will only serve an Afrikaner-friendly regime.§!
