Austria Focus Tree
Zerstörer (Z)
Torpedobootzerstörer (TZ)
Torpedoboote (TB)
Aufklärungskreuzer (AK)
Leichter Kreuzer (LK)
Kreuzer (K)
Großer Kreuzer (GK)
Battles
Admirals
Cities
U-Boot-Jäger (UJ)
Minenabwehrfahrzeug (MT)
Flakschiffe (FS)
Panzerschiffe (PZS)
Schlachtschiffe (SS)
Historical Persons & Monarchs
Geleitflugzeugträger (GFT)
Flugzeugträger (FT)
Weltkrieg Aces and Naval Reformers
U-Boote
Freedom for our Slovak Brethren
The Bačkan Question
Our Transcarpathia
Rethinking our Administration
Our Economy must be ready for such undertakings.\n\nThis of course means we need to overcome any ongoing economic crises.
Has not applied economic sanctions against Greece
We may now request army divisions from our Cisleithanian component states.
We may now request army divisions from Hungary.
§RYour allies will not be happy with this!§!
§RYour subjects will not be happy with this!§!
The Republic has accepted our diplomatic requests
We have supported the Two Sicilies in Italy
The Two Sicilies has refused our support
We have supported the Republicans in Italy
The Republicans in Italy have refused our support
Austria has been defeated by the Belgrade Pact
All kingdoms invited to the Ausgleich.
All nationalities invited to the Ausgleich.
§CAll [THIS.GetAdjective] divisions will be §Yinherited§!.§!
§CAll [THIS.GetAdjective] divisions will be §Ydisbanded§! and their equipment and manpower transferred to our stockpile.§!
Austro-Italian Friendship
Austro-Italian Rivalry
Oesterreichisch-Alpine Montangesellschaft
Puch
Leopold Gasser Waffenfabrik
Semperit
Austro Daimler
Hansa-Brandenburg
Škoda
Phönix Flugzeugwerke
Steyr
Ganz Danubius
AG Kapsch & Söhne
Gräf & Stift
Austria Aviatik
Lohner
Sauerwerke
Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino
Bayer Austria
Böhler AG
Simmering-Graz-Pauker
Třinecké Železárny
Wiener Neustädter Lokomotivfabrik
Wiener Neustädter Flugzeugwerke
Hirtenberger
Škodovy Závody
Baťa
Elektro Praga
Spolchemie
Č-Z
Praga Automobily
Laurin a Klement
Škoda Lokomotivy
Tatra Kopřivnice
Praga
Aero
Letov
Škoda Plzeň
Zbrojovka Brno
Tatra
Avia
FÉG
Rába
MAVAG
Ganz-MAVAG
Ganz
Manfréd Weiss Steel and Metal Works
Feigl & Rotter
Apollo Refinery
Orion Electronics
Magyar Lloyd
Ungarische Flugzeugfabrik A.G.
Danubian Aircraft Company
CLB
Uniwersytet Jagielloński
Standard-Nobel
Zakłady Mechaniczne Tarnów
Aviatik Galizien und Lodomerien
LWL
Ganz Kroatien-Slawonien
Elektra
INA
Prva Hrvatska Tvornica Rublja
TAZ
TŽV Gredelj
Aviatik Kroatien-Slawonien
Brodosplit
Aluminij
Univerzitet u Sarajevu
Energopetrol
BNT Tvornica
IGMAN
Bosanske Drzave Zeljeznice
Aviatik Bosnia
Ganz Danubius
Austro-Hungarian Ties Broken
The Crown of Hungary refuses to pay their taxes into the common coffers for the common ministries.\n\nThey are still discontent with the formation of the Kingdom of Illyria as a resolution of the South Slavic revolts of 1926, and see themselves as betrayed by the Viennese government. They wish to be compensated for the loss of the Croatian lands.
Austro-Hungarian Ties Broken
Slovak Pro-Independence Demonstrations
Transylvanian Pro-Independence Demonstrations
Paid Hungary Reparations
The Vienna Circle
The Vienna Circle is a group of philosophers and scientists, drawn from the natural and social sciences, logic and mathematics, who have met regularly at the University of Vienna since 1924.\n\nThe central thought behind their activities was 
The Vienna Circle
The Vienna Circle is a group of philosophers and scientists, drawn from the natural and social sciences, logic and mathematics, who have met regularly at the University of Vienna since 1924.\n\nThe central thought behind their activities was 
Socialist Promises
Divided Society
Almost half of the population is unhappy with the result of the elections. We should fix this.
Aftermath of Black Monday
Aftermath of Black Monday
Aftermath of Black Monday
Aftermath of Black Monday
Tuned Economy
Aftermath of Black Monday
Aftermath of Black Monday
Aftermath of Black Monday
Workers' Spirit
Imperial Development Scheme
Faith in the Kaiser
The people have come to trust in the new Realm. Gott erhalte unseren Kaiser!
Military Integration
Political Instability
The National Personal Autonomy Principle is in place. The many ethnicities of Austria are currently re-organising them in nation-parties, leaving the political landscape a chaos. Such a radical change was sure to come with a lot of instability, but even sceptics didn't anticipate it being so bad.
Political Instability
The National Personal Autonomy Principle is in place. The many ethnicities of Austria are currently re-organising them in nation-parties, leaving the political landscape a chaos. Such a radical change was sure to come with a lot of instability, but even sceptics didn't anticipate it being so bad.
Political Instability
The National Personal Autonomy Principle is in place. The many ethnicities of Austria are currently re-organising them in nation-parties, leaving the political landscape a chaos. Such a radical change was sure to come with a lot of instability, but even sceptics didn't anticipate it being so bad.
Modernisation of the Common Army
Victory Through Firepower
k.u.k. Fliegerkorps
Crownlands in Revolt
The Syndicalist Menace
Our neighbours and old allies are at war with France, a fact that one can hardly miss. What German military minds had expected to be over in a few weeks, has turned into a repeat of the Weltkrieg. Should the Communards be the victors of this war, not only will our interests in Italy be compromised, but the integrity of our Empire may be at stake. It might be best to put our differences aside and to fight side-by-side with the Germans once more.
The Russian Menace
The Great Russian Bear has reared its head in the east again, and threatens to not only retake all the land it lost during the Weltkrieg, but also to march into Germany itself. There is little doubt that, should Russia succeed in its aims, there will eventually turn their attention to us as well. It appears we must wade into the Eastern front once more, whether we like it or not.
Reform the Donau-Adriabund
Now that the war is over, the time has come to resume leadership on our own terms: as the head of the Donau-Adriabund alliance.
Elections Decisions
Endorse the Christlichsoziale
Endorse the SDAP
Already endorsing a party
Join the Belgrade Pact
Join the [GER.GetFactionName]
The Anti-Belgrade Pact
Leave the [BPL.GetFactionName]
Form Czechoslovakia
Unite with Poland
Ultimatum to [FROM.GetNameDef]
We have a simple demand to the \
Unite with Germany
Join the Vienna Circle
Economic Rehabilitation Plan
Established in 1935 during a conference to discuss the sluggish state of the Austrian industry, the Economic Rehabilitation Plan had to be put on halt due to the ongoing economic crisis. Still, its contents, with slight alterations, describe a good way to combat the disastrous effects of the Black Monday crash and to strengthen Austrian industry, now bereft of their main competitor.
Škoda
During the Weltkrieg, the Škoda Works to the west of Prague was our biggest arms producer, but has fallen on hard times with the overbearing power of German industries. With Germany rocked to the core by Black Monday, subsidies for Škoda is a large step in repairing our economy.
Austro Daimler
The Austro Daimler company made us many armoured vehicles and engines for our war effort. German cars and engines have flooded the market in the last decades, but with Porsche teetering on the verge of bankruptcy and Mercedes-Benz looking to follow suit, it is time to breathe new life into our automotive industry^.
Institutionalise the Vienna Circle
The Vienna Circle is a gathering of the brightest minds of the University of Vienna, brilliant mathematicians, philosophers, natural scientists who are at the forefront of scientific and philosophic research. We will make government funds available to them, but also move their work to new, more practical fields.
Invite Others to Join the Vienna Circle
With the Vienna Circle being well-established, funded, and gaining international recognition, the next step is to invite foreign countries with ties to the crown to take part in the research conducted there.
Electrifying the Südbahn
The Südbahn, or Southern Railway, is a railroad that runs from Vienna over Graz to Laibach and Triest, the main seaport of the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy, and finally Milano. Though still a major line of transportation, it was built from 1836 to 1860, so the tracks are in dire need of modernisation. Electrifying the connection would go over relatively swiftly, and help a lot with that.
Austrian Civilian Economy
Our already weak economy was reduced to tatters by the Black Monday crash, and the shock can be felt strongly in and around Vienna, but especially in the heavily industrialised Bohemia. Despite our neighbours suffering a similar fate, they already start recovering and outproducing us, so we must enhance our own economy through subsidies for key automotive and electrical companies in order to better compete.
Alpine Mines
The Alps have always been a rich mineral resource, but until now we had no idea true extend of the wealth we have been sitting on. Huge amounts of iron ore are being taken from our previous mines and new mines are springing up daily. Subsidising or partially nationalising these industries would greatly increase our economic independence.
Austrian Military Economy
The Austrian Army has always suffered from mismanagement and poor equipment, but in this day and age that is something we can no longer accept. Threats from Hungarian 'liberalists' and the nearby syndicalist nations that have vowed for our destruction are growing daily, so we must properly arm our brave soldiers in order to survive.
Expand the Austrian Airbases
The new technology of longer range monoplanes gives us great opportunities, both military and economic. If used as bases for the Fliegerkorps, it will allow us to gain aerial superiority without losing thousands of men. It can also be used to flying in new products and stimulate local economies.
Ports of Istria
Triest and Pflaum are our two principal naval bases, and are vitally important for our overseas trade. The navy, traditionally ignored by successive emperors, has begged us to increase the spending on industrial works and naval bases in Istria, and, swayed by their arguments about increased trade revenue, this emperor has listened.
Expand Domestic Farms
The fertile plains of Hungary and Lower Austria are covered in fields and farms, growing food to feed our empire. But these regions, particularly Hungary, suffer from less industrial investment and mechanisation. Starting a large scale effort to improve the farming techniques will cost us, but we will be rewarded with young, fit men ready for service.
General Elections of 1936
Elections were held every six years in the Austrian part of the Dual Monarchy, though since the end of the Weltkrieg, several of these acting periods have been cut short by reform or scandals.\nAustrian politics are dominated by the SDAP, the Social-Democrat Worker's Party, and the CS, the Christian-Socials. Both have different ideas on how to solve the ongoing crisis, but who will win?
Public Welfare Reforms
The main concern of the SDAP during the election campaign was to see that the Austrian worker lives through the ongoing crisis. They plan to reaffirm the many reforms introduced in conjunction with the CS since the Weltkrieg, and to provide pension for all those who have lost their jobs.
Schools, Hospitals, and Parks
Building new things is a great way to create short-term jobs. What is more, the things being built might end up providing even more jobs, and if it's schools, hospitals and parks, they are for the common good anyways, so apart from government money, there's nothing to lose.
Naturfreunde
Socialist tendencies were always something mostly harboured by city folk - and these city folk have since the dawn of the century found a new pastime: hiking. Many Viennese, many of them partymen, have come to enjoy climbing Austria's innumerable mountains in groups. Bringing hiking clubs to the countryside might help with bringing socialist sympathies to traditionally conservative areas.
National Broadcasts
Delivering concise and neutral news to the many remote regions of Austria has always been a bit of a problem, especially since the local newspapers have always had a certain political view inherent to them despite claiming otherwise. However, the radio might prove a solution to the problem - investing in the new machines might just bring Austria closer together.
Work for the Workless
Those who have lost their jobs with the ongoing crisis have already been granted pensions to hold them over the water. However, they still want work - since we already pay them anyways, we might as well employ them. Factories that have previously been shut down by their owners are now starting to sluggishly operate again, led by state-controlled councils.
Initial Recovery
The re-opening of some key industries has set the hare running again. While not quite turning a profit yet, we are producing what the people need again, and that is just what an economy needs to run smoothly. We're slowly opening up more industries, but only time will tell whether continuing to do so will lead to a full recovery.
Past the Bottleneck
After some initial recovery, the status of our economy has stalled for a while. However, it seems like it is finally taking a turn for the better, private industries are starting to follow the public lead and broaden production to keep up with their state-sponsored counterparts.
A Recovering Industry
The crisis is fading away, and in contrast to it, it seems like the Red Vienna policies have led to an age of prosperity. May the French and British say what they want, Social Democracy works for us.
National Austerity Council
The most important thing we need to remember when dealing with the ongoing economic crisis is that we must not let it accrue to already existing national debt. Austria's coffers need to be full, not empty, in the following years, and there is only one way to achieve this: Cutting spending drastically.
Fill the Coffers
What little we have, we must spend carefully - such was the creed of the CSP during the elections. Having in the last six years been involved in a major banking scandal, it was not sure that the people would trust us with their money. Now, we show them that they can.
Getting Inflation under Control
A nice bit of inflation is not a bad thing, hyperinflation is. We have to get rid of all that money circulating the market, and fast. The prices of bonds have been lowered and interest rates cranked up to the maximum; now we wait to see the effects of these measures.
Careful Investments
With our currency's value secured, we should take care that the little money we dare to spend goes to places that will return the investment. That of course means we have to look carefully at where our money can work the most. Thankfully, we have the assistance of a group of Austria's best economists.
Compromise with the SDAP
The Socialists have done quite the job stuffing their nonsense into the heads of the lowly cityfolk. Now that we are in power, we have to deal with that. We are meeting with the SDAP people to discuss the institution of some of the reforms they were marching for.
Subsidies for Farmers
The CSP has always been the party of the countryfolk. Socialists concern themselves only with the workers, and the farmers are too often forgotten. We are making this up for them by offering development grants.
Mend the Social Rift
All kinds of social classes are blaming each other for the disappearance of wealth, be it monetary or in goods. The Citizen blames the Farmer that he has no food, and the Farmer blames the Citizen that he has no money. Society is split, and only through careful discourse shall it be mended. This is where that arduous journey begins.
What We Need
Colonial Empires and Reichspakt labour are all fine and dandy, but it they are luxuries we do not need. You cannot live on consuming ivory and cast steel. Germany can go get sunburnt, as the man in Vienna knows his place, and wants what he truly needs - a functioning economy and society, free from outside influences.
Expand the Austrian Military
The economic woes of the Monarchy since the Weltkrieg has made it difficult for funds to reach the military. With the economic situation improving and tensions growing across the continent, military funding has significantly increased, allowing us to finally modernise our forces.
k.u.k. Technisches Militärkomitee
The Imperial & Royal Technical Military Committee, or TMK, with its origins dating from 1717, is an institution of the k.u.k. War Ministry tasked with the observation, development and application of military technology. Their role in modernising our armies is absolutely essential, ensuring that the Monarchy does not fall behind in terms of technological developments and that our troops remain well-equipped.
Rifle Trials
While the TMK was able to keep the Empire from falling too far behind despite limited resources, the War Ministry has yet to adopt a self-loading rifle for our forces. The committee wishes to rectify this and the Empire's numerous arms company are eager to compete for government contracts. In order to ensure that the best rifle is adopted, the TMK is organising new rifle trials.
Artillery Modernisation
While companies like Škoda and Böhler have been able to keep up with artillery development throughout the world thanks to foreign contracts, most of our artillery dates from the Weltkrieg. With the artillery being one of the most important pieces of military technology, the TMK is eager to replacing the military's ageing guns with modern ones as we expand our arsenal.
Expand the Gebirgstruppe
The Gebirgstruppe (Mountain Troops) includes some of the Monarchy's most decorated and respected units that repeatedly fought off Italian invasions. As they are essential to the Empire's defence and there are plenty of potential recruits in the Alpine and Carpathian regions, expanding and improving these units are a priority.
Militär-Automobilwesen Expansion
While the Austro-Hungarian Empire were pioneers in adopting automobiles for the military, they were always limited in numbers. The k.u.k. Militär-Automobilwesen is the section of the TMK responsible for the development and deployment of military vehicles. The importance of trucks is already clear to the General Staff and they made the motorisation of the army a priority.
Tank Trials
With the trauma of the Weltkrieg still fresh for many, tanks were eagerly embraced in the Austro-Hungarian military as their use were proven during the war, with companies such as Škoda and ČKD developing some of the most advanced tank designs in the world. As tank development rapidly advances, the TMK wants to hold trials for new tanks for different purposes.
Funkgestützte Flugzeugortung
The Hungarian mathematician Zoltán Lajos Bay's work on radars has caught the attention of the TMK and the Fliegerkorps, eager to put the invention into practice in order to improve the Empire's defences against threats from the skies. Experiments on the Funkgestützte Flugzeugortung (Radio-based Aircraft Locator) are proving fruitful and the Monarchy should have a working radar soon.
Raketenflugtechnik
There are a number of rocket scientists throughout the Empire, such as Eugen Sänger and Theodor von Kármán. While there are doubt about rocketry and its military applications, the Committee wants to develop rockets further, believing that their potential is too great to ignore.
Reform the Armeeoberkommando
The Armeeoberkommando (AOK), or Army High Command, was first formed in 1914. Its task was to unite the different commands of the Common Army, the Navy, the Austrian Landwehr and the Hungarian Honvéd to direct the war effort. Shortly after the war, however, the AOK was disbanded and our forces were divided once more. Recreating the AOK is deemed necessary to reunite the different forces.
Janša's Central Planning
Feldmarschall-Leutnant Alfred Janša von Tannenau, one of the possible candidates for the next Chief of Staff, believes in a defensive strategy for the Empire after the traumatic losses of the Weltkrieg. He believes that thorough planning and preparation are the best way to conduct a war, wanting to improve communications between commanders in order to limit casualties as much as possible.
Hickmann's Superior Firepower
Generalmajor-Ingenieur Emil Hickmann, a member of the General Staff, believes that the army should be focused on gaining a technical edge against the Monarchy's enemies. As the Weltkrieg remains a traumatic experience, limiting casualties is of utmost importance and Hickmann believes that improved fire support and equipment is key in modern warfare.
Von Hubicki's Mobile Warfare
General der Kavallerie Alfred von Hubicki, currently the commander of the Austro-Hungarian Cavalry, believes that the future of warfare are tanks and trucks. Mobility is key, with tanks being the new Hussars and Cuirassiers of the battlefield. This new cavalry must outmanoeuvre and overwhelm its enemies before they can react.
Improved Communications
Since the Weltkrieg began, inventions such as the radio has made communications between commanders and troops far easier. With better communications, high command can react to unforeseen events far more quickly, limit the damage they can cause, and counter.
Maximise Fire Support
Units must be properly equipped to be effective. The more support they have, the better they will perform with less casualties. This not only includes artillery, but trucks to evacuate the wounded, proper reconnaissance and maintenance units, and so on.
Mechanised Cavalry
While tanks are strong and all, they require support from the infantry or else they become extremely vulnerable. The infantry must be able to keep up with the tanks, and while trucks are good on roads, a tracked transport vehicle would be idea. Fortunately, a Hungarian unit has rebuilt obsolete tanks and artillery tractors into improvised armoured troop transports, which would fill the gap perfectly.
Kavalleriepanzer Project
As their name implies, Cavalry tanks effectively fill the role cavalry used to. Austria-Hungary has successfully developed and adopted several designs already and there is little impetus to change this. Since mobility is a key part of our new doctrine, development of new cavalry tanks must be prioritised.
Infanteriepanzer Project
While the military already has numerous successful cavalry tank designs, the Infantry tank project has been, thus far, unable to provide results. This must be rectified as infantry support is prioritised in our new doctrine and the project should be pushed further. The upcoming designs are becoming heavier and more expensive, but powerful and better protected.
Modern Auftragstaktik
Auftragstaktik, or Mission-type tactics, have been successfully adopted during the Weltkrieg. These tactics involve high command giving clearly-defined missions that subordinates work independently to accomplish, giving the latter great flexibility and encouraging initiative. Auftragstaktik can be adapted for modern war and applied to the new doctrine.
k.u.k. Fliegerkorps
Formerly known as the k.u.k. Luftfahrtruppen, the Fliegerkorps is the air service of Austria-Hungary. It was stretched thin during the Weltkrieg and had a limited number of aircraft at its disposal. Since the end of the war, little was done to rectify this as funding became scarce. With the military receiving substantial funds once more, modernising and expanding the Fliegerkorps is finally possible.
Uzelac's Ground Support Plan
Milan Emil Uzelac is the first commander of the Luftfahrtruppen and remains influential within the General Staff and the Fliegerkorps. He believes that the Fliegerkorps exists mainly to support the army in its operations. Therefore, the air force must focus on fighter aircraft to maintain air superiority and light bombers to attack enemy positions on the front.
Löhr's Offensive Air Plan
Generalmajor Alexander Löhr is a proponent of strategic bombing and granting the Fliegerkorps further independence from the Army. With heavy bombers, the Fliegerkorps could bring the fight to any enemies of the Monarchy and destroy their military capabilities and morale.
Found the k.u.k. Flugschule
While there are numerous flying schools across Austria-Hungary, there has never been a centralised academy to coordinate the training of pilots and officers for the Fliegerkorps. The creation of such an institution is essential to the reforms as it will create a new generation of officers and pilots, while also streamlining the Korps into something less ad-hoc.
Fighter Trials
Aircraft development is advancing at an amazing pace. In order to keep up, trials are to be held to adopt a new fighter aircraft for the Fliegerkorps. After all, fighters are arguably the backbone of the air force and will help ensure the safety of our skies.
Light Bomber Trials
Since supporting operations of the army is a priority for the Fliegerkorps, the adoption of a light bomber aircraft for this role is necessary. Potential designs vary from relatively \
Heavy Bomber Trials
Heavy bombers are a relatively recent development in aircraft technology and proponents of strategic bombing see their potential. Their long range and large bomb loads make them perfect for the role. Thus, trials are being held and aircraft companies are eager to win such a lucrative contract.
Medium Bomber Trials
The potential of a versatile medium two-engine bombers for a variety of different missions has caught the attention of high command. Since a tactical bomber would be very useful for the Fliegerkorps, aircraft manufacturers are, once again, competing in trials for the next generation of bombers.
Phönix
During the Weltkrieg, a small company in Vienna, bearing the name Phönix company has supplied our air force by producing licenced German planes for our market. Since then, the company has experimented with various designs, some of which might be the key to modernising the Fliegerkorps.
The New k.u.k. Armee
The reform of our army has been a long and expensive process, but it has finally paid off. New tanks, guns, ships and planes are rolling off the assembly lines and into our waiting armies, reformed and ready for battle with the enemies of the Empire!
Reinforce the k.u.k. Kriegsmarine
The k.u.k. Kriegsmarine has always been underfunded and unappreciated by the Austrian government and her people. Without a colonial empire the navy never had any real backing or strategic purpose. However, this is a dangerous mentality, and with new syndicalist threats in the Mediterranean, whole new Kriegsmarine is vital to protect our heartlands.
Flexible Warfare
Our naval staff have decided to pursue a doctrine surrounding U-boats and convoy raiding, in order to be able to afflict as much damage as possible without having to face the overwhelming power of the French and British navies. Our Unterseeboots will strike the enemy where it hurts most, in the economy.
Large Navy Plan
In line with traditional doctrine, the Kriegsmarine staff have decided to support the larger surface fleet we currently possess. Centred around larger and larger battleships and increasing our firepower through larger naval guns, these ideas will help us project our power and support land operations.
Austrian Capital Ship Plan
The staff have begun a concerted effort to improve upon our battleship designs, bringing more firepower to our battles. Increasing the size of the guns and the armoured belt allows our battleships to take far more of a beating leading attacks and deal far more damage in them as well.
Austrian Small Ship Plan
It has been decided that we need new models for destroyers and light cruisers, to combat enemy submarines and establish a surface presence. While our submarines are all well and good, larger ships are need to support land operations and do the tasks submarines do not have the firepower to complete.
The Cattaro Airbase
First built in 1914 as a base from which reconnaissance flights over the Adria were flown during the Weltkrieg, the k.k. airbase in the Bay of Cattaro, or Kotor, has fallen in disuse after the end of the war. However, its position close to the entry of the Adria might still prove strategically important.
Ausgleich Renegotiations of 1937
Every ten years, 60 delegates from each half of the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy meet to adjust each half's financial burden to Common affairs. Since 1927, Hungary has refused to pay its part in protest the creation of Illyria. This year's renegotiations could completely change the internal balance of the Monarchy.
End the Dual Rule
The rebellious crownlands have been subdued, but we have no intention of letting them free in any capacity in the near future. Let all those who even think to challenge the Austrian Empire face the same fate they have.
Status Quo
Just like a decade prior, our negotiations for an administratively united Empire fell flat. We cannot do more than bide our time while trying to bind Transleithania closer by reform.
The All-Austrian Development Scheme
Although nominally the Empire has been reunited under one central government, the reality is a vastly different story. The old realms need time and effort to be integrated with the imperial administration, and for the myriad peoples of the Empire to accept our rule.
Renew Sicilian Ties
After the Weltkrieg, we reorganised Italy into a Federation of pre-unification states led by a Habsburg, but after we withdrew from the south of Italy in 1925 most of the Federation abandoned our ambition and it collapsed. Should we rekindle our Neapolitan ties?
Regime Change in the Republic
The Italian Republic in Milan to our South will always be a danger and thorn in our side. If we wish to return Austrian dominance to Italy, we must demand the Republicans restore power to the Council of the Italian Federation, so that they can't betray us when they have taken the rest of northern Italy.
End the ANI
The Italian Nationalist Association is, almost by definition, our mortal enemy. Their leaders are madmen, their nationalist rhetoric is dangerous, and their claims on our southern lands are unacceptable. We are not as vulnerable as they thought, and we will crush them like the insects they are.
Friendship with Milan
Since the southern Italian states seem unlikely to help us restore the Federation, we should put all our hopes in our ally in Milan. They have kept faith with us for a long time, and we shall return that friendship.
Unify the Italian Lands
The rising of the Italian syndicalists in Turin split the country in two, with the French backed Socialist Republic of Italy in the West, and the Italian Republic on our border. With Germany and France openly hostile to each other, helping out the Republic will not only endear us to them, but secure our flank for a war with France.
The Transcarpathian Railway
Reaching the far ends of the Empire had been hard to do for the past two decades, with Hungary refusing to let us modernise their railway network. Now that we are in control again, let us implement an old plan - a high velocity railway straight across the Carpathian Basin.
Expand the Bohemian Infrastructure
As the main border region between us and Germany it is vital that roads and rail systems remain well maintained and large enough to transport our army should a conflict break out. After the short but very mechanised war, Bohemia's roads are everything but well maintained, not helped by the fighting in the region from Czech rebels.
Expand the Prag Ironworks
With Prag now under the control of the new central government, it has become evident that the steel production of the city has fallen far from what should be. A new plan to subsidise the Prag Ironworks has been floated by the Kaiserrat, and it seems to have caught the attention of the Kaiser and the imperial administration.
Rebuild the Hungarian Industry
While mainly a rural country, Hungary did have large civilian industries towards the west, where, unfortunately, the majority of the fighting took place. Budapest, partially destroyed from the war, shall become the centrepiece of an effort by the imperial government to return the war-torn area to its former glory.
Claim the Hungarian Skies
Hungary is a vast country, and it is difficult to respond quickly to any new threat, especially from Romania and the Balkans. The construction of new airfields across the country will remedy this problem, as well as supporting local economies and the rebuilding effort across the country.
Expand Bosnian and Croat Industry
While not as damaged by warfare as Hungary, Bosnia and Croatia still suffered damage, which is being exacerbated by ethnic terrorism and dissent. However, as an important region for our navy and for civilian trade, the creation of new industries in this area would do far more for our economy than can be ignored.
Buildup Adriatic Ports
With new industry in place, it is time to increase our shipbuilding capacities and our capability to facilitate trade vital to our industries. These brand new shipyards will support our navy and merchant marine, ensuring our primary in the Adriatic over any potential Italian usurpers.
Crush Serbia
Serbia has long been a thorn in our side, from raids into Hungary during the period of Ottoman dominance to the death of Franz Ferdinand and the attacks on Bosnia. Such a belligerent nation cannot be allowed to sit on our border unchallenged, defying the authority of the Emperor solely by its own existence.
Claim Romanian Lands
The Romanian regime under Corneliu Codreanu claimed large parts of Transylvania and our easternmost provinces, on the grounds of large ethnic Romanian communities in the area. However, the current political instability renders the Romanian army far less effective than it could be, so now is the time to claim all Romania and Romanians for the Emperor!
Reclaim Silesia
Silesia was seized by the Prussians in 1742 during the War of Austrian Succession, and have held onto the former industrial heart of Austria-Hungary for nearly two hundred years now. With Germany being particularly unstable this time of year, we feel like now would be a good time to retake what is ours.
The Empire Reborn
Austria is not just a geographical region or a country. It is an idea, an expression of the belief in a holy Catholic Empire that has been given a mandate to watch over Europe. Though for centuries our authority has been challenged within and without, our Empire has always persisted, for it is Austria's destiny to rule the world.
The Cisleithanian Development Scheme
Proposed not just in part as a way to undercut Hungary by outperforming them, the Cisleithanian Development Scheme aims to bring the many regions of Cisleithanian Austria closer together, and to bring them economically up to par with the more developed areas of the Empire.
The Illyrian Südbahn
The Südbahn, already competed towards Triest, could be easily extended into Illyria, which could help integrate the Agram basin and the Illyrian coastline into the Empies industries. This would also allow us to speed up production of new ships for our navy.
The Agram Industrial Complex
Agram, or Zagreb, has been made the capital of Illyria just a little more than a decade ago. It was mostly a choice of convenience, for the city was close to the Austrian border. However, a newly proposed plan sees the opening of a large-scale industrial complex to make it more worthy to be an capital of all Illyrians.
Our Ports on the Adria
One of Austria's dreams has always been to rule over the Adriatic Sea. With Italy significantly weakened, and the Illyrian coastline ready for more docks and naval bases to be constructed, this dream could become a reality.
The Northern Railway: Galicia
Construction of the Northen Railway would continue starting from Moravia, through Krakau, and then toward Lemberg and further important industrial targets.
Drill for Oil
We have found out that Eastern Galicia harbours oil. Extracting it would allow us to build up more industry in this rather remote part of the Empire.
The Northern Railway: Bohemia
Given the fact that the Hungarian railway system is not up to par with what an industrialised Galicia would need to be integrated into the Empire's economy, the k.k. Staatsbahnen have put forth a plan to just go around the Carpathian basin. This would start by building a solid connection through Moravia, to reach Galician lands.
The Morava Industrial Park
Concrete and Steel, wherever you set your eyes. The Morava Industrial Park is a revolutionary complex, and will produce mostly heavy machinery.
The k.k. Ministeria
The k.k. Ministeria are, similar to the once common Ministeria with Hungary, meant to coordinate administrative efforts with the new subjects.
The k.k. Administrative Reform
What is reformed in Vienna, should also be reformed in Prague, Cracow and Zagreb. Based on this though, we are currently developing a new local administrative system.
Centralise the Governments
We are currently formulating a plan on how to reintegrate the new subject, now that they are bound closer to Vienna.
The k.k. Education Reform
By bringing the various reforms of the Education System that have happened in Austria Proper during the 1920s into the other states of Cisleithania, we can educate the youth of our subjects both more efficiently, and more open to the idea of a United Austria.
The k.k. Identity
The Austro-Hungarian Empire has often been described as a heap of independent countries who just happen to be ruled by the same family. May they mock our Empire as much as they want, we have Trust in our Kaiser.
Drastic Measures in Dire Times
The ongoing war has strained the Cisleithanian government, and put the local governance in disarray. We must assume more direct control over our federated subjects, if we are to live through this.
Still Their King
Hungary can claim what they want, we are still their suzerain, and we are at war against and external threat now. No matter how this ends, we need to put our differences aside for now.
Cisleithania Together
Our ongoing reforms have brought the Empire together. Sure, Hungary still resists, but even they cannot deny that Austria is more united than ever.
Ausgleich Renegotiations of 1947
Once more, the Ausgleich is to be renegotiated, and this time, the Austrian half of the Empire is in a far stronger position than last time. We shall impose our will on them now.
Embrace Pluralism
The time has come to federate the Empire to a more democratic government. The founding of the centralised federated state will lead to a brighter future for all Austrian peoples.
Nations within a State
The old borders of the Empire and the old administration don't acknowledge how absurdly ethnically diverse our Empire is. There are no Bohemians, only Germans and Czechs - likewise no Galicians, only Poles and Ruthenians. The old administration doesn't even keep track which nationality people are. This has to end.
A Federation of Equals
The United States of Greater Austria, or 
Decentralised Development Scheme
We can no longer pretend that the benefits of our rule are self-evident. We must secure the loyalty of all constituent parts of our state with a new programme to assist development. The fruits of our wealth must be shared by all.
Instigate Infrastructural Overhaul
If we are to foster a common identity between our nations, it would be wise to overhaul and link up our creaking infrastructure so that no matter where in our lands one travels, they will never be far from civilisation.
Military Buildup Scheme
For too long we have centred far too much of our arms manufacturing efforts in a small area to discourage rebellion and abuse. This situation must change, and the natural benefits that these major job creators bring to a region must be available to all.
Naval Buildup Scheme
Everybody knows that a strong navy is the sign of a truly significant power. Our federalising efforts can only work if they are tied into the prestigious naval arms race, and expanding our shipbuilding capability will go a long way to supporting them.
Industrial Parks
As part of our Scheme it is imperative that we do not ignore the civilian sector, no matter the state of current geopolitics. Workers need goods, and we must of course be in a position to export and import consumer products and natural resources.
Industrial Regions
We need to go further. By going beyond merely incentivising the growth of industrial parks and centres, we must foster development by any means necessary - including through the creation of quasi-independent regional manufacturing bodies.
Transformation of Nature
Our efforts have to go beyond merely the matter of mankind, it must go into the very fabric of nature itself. If we are to develop our newly reinvigorated state further we have to do whatever it takes, even despoiling some of our beautiful wilderness.
Dig for Resources
Our nation is hungry, and it must be sated with the blood of the land. Galicia may be relatively backward, but it is blessed with an abundant supply of oil which can help power our nation into the future. All that it takes to reach it is will.
Stabilising the Country
For too long our 'nation' has been an unwieldly collection of peoples worthy of the greatest of Vienna's menageries. With our attempts to federalise still raw, we must ensure that all of our government's efforts are focussed on keeping this union together.
The Worst is Over
Though it has been a struggle, our nation has demonstrably shown its resilience in recent months. It has surprised even our most optimistic of leaders how quickly our nation has recovered from the trauma of sudden federalisation. All the same, there is still some way to go before the instability ebbs.
End the Ausgleich
For too long we have endured this farce known as the Ausgleich. It must end if we are to soldier on into the future as a strong and unified nation. Though it may be a leap into the dark, this arcane process must be stopped no matter the consequences.
Hungary Yields
The united front that has arrayed itself against the stubborn Hungarians has finally succeeded. No longer can they hold out against the inevitable, for our nation's greatness has increasingly become clear to all. Even proud Hungary has fallen into line to reap the benefits.
Into the World
Our nation has finally overcome its internal divisions after decades of chaos and internecine bickering. What we have accomplished in only a few short years beggars belief, and it is finally time to enjoy the fruits of peace and harmony.
Approaching the Autonomies
If we are to overcome the divisions of the past, it is essential that we set about treating them, no longer as mere subjects, but members of a true union of states.
Integrating Cisleithania
The Cisleithanian lands are ripe for unification. We must break down the internal boundaries in our section of the Empire if we are to implement truly radical reform.
Deal with Hungary
The thorn that is Hungary has to be removed from our side, no matter what. We have prepared the reparations they have been asking for over a decade now.
A Union No Longer in Name Only
There is no longer a pretence to unity in Austria, there is true unity. Where once there was squabbling and infighting, there now exists concord. We are now a true United States.
Looking Outwards
With the divisions of the past cast aside, the United States can now turn its attention to greater matters of state. No longer will we remain saddled with the burden of internal politicking, but instead we shall face the world - together.
Protector of the Balkans
The Weltkrieg has left the Balkans by large as an Austrian zone of influence. Unfortunately, we had to focus on other things during the last few years. We shall now remedy this and once again show who is the master of the house.
Approaching Albania
We can no longer sit idly by as Albania sits to our south free of our influence. It is time to settle the question of where they stand.
Approaching Greece
There yet remains a lingering question over Greece's position. We should seek to drag her kicking and screaming into our sphere of influence.
Old Friends in Bulgaria
Bulgaria was an essential ally during the Weltkrieg, helping us keep Serbian overambitions in check- or so we thought. The dissolution of the Central Powers after the war enabled the perfidious Serbs to escape our grasp. Once again, Bulgaria is key to restoring peace and stability in the Balkans once and for all.
Approaching Montenegro
Following the defeat of the Belgrade Pact at the hands of Bulgaria, the newly independent country of Montenegro finds itself in a rather precarious situation. We should reach out and offer them our protection against any who may threaten their sovereignty.
SAR
Sozialistischer Arbeiterrat
SAR
Sozialistischer Arbeiterrat
ASP
Arbeitsgemeinschaft Sozialistischer Parteien
SDAP
Sozialdemokratische Arbeiterpartei
LB
Liberale Bewegung
NLP
Nationalliberale Partei
CS
Christlichsoziale
LB
Landbund
GDVP
Großdeutsche Volkspartei
HB
Heimatblock
MR
Militärregierung
Škoda Tank Factories
Kaiser Karl's reign continues in Vienna, and since its victory in the Weltkrieg, the Austro-Hungarian Empire remains united under his rule. However, his diverse realms are wracked with division; between the left and the right, between those who wish to modernise the Empire, and those that wish to keep what they hold, just the way it is. The renegotiation of the Ausgleich, the agreement which brought together the Austrian and Hungarian halves of the Empire, is soon approaching. Balancing reform with tradition, and state with nationhood will be no easy task for the Kaiser, and will be yet another challenge for the peoples of the Danube.
GFX_AUS_intro
The Situation of Austria in 1936
Despite standing amongst the victors of the Weltkrieg, the war revealed the divisions of culture, class and ideology within the Empire ever so clearly, and the inner unrest continued on as the war ended.\n\nKaiser Karl, following in the footsteps of the assassinated Franz Ferdinand in trying to reform the multinational Austro-Hungarian Empire into something that could survive in the twentieth century, launched a series of large scale reforms; however, his efforts were largely blocked by nobility of the Hungarian side of the Empire - leading to his plans of federalisation progressing only slowly, and only on the Cisleithanian side of the Empire.\n\nHowever, many feel that there is hope for Austria - the last decades were hard on the Empire, but the effort has started paying off. Cisleithanian Austria, now a federation-state, has calmed down - but the same cannot be said for Transleithania. It is, however, unlikely that the Carpathian basin will continue to remain in Magyar hands, since Hungary's peoples have been gazing upon the liberties across the Leitha, wishing to have such autonomy for themselves. Whether reform will be able to find its way to Hungary, only the Kaiser knows for sure.
§MStatus Quo§! ($social_conservative_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot During the 1937 Ausgleich favour Hungary enough over the other Crownlands to prevent their delegates from storming out or conflict breaking out.\n£white_dot After this you will be able to pick the Status Quo focus, keeping the empire decentralised.\n\n§MDanubian Federation§! ($social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the 1936 election, have the popularity of the §SSozialdemokratische Arbeiterpartei§! be higher than the §cChristlichsoziale§!.\n£white_dot During the 1937 Ausgleich favour the Crownlands over Hungary, which will result in the Hungarian delegates storming out.\n£white_dot Issue an ultimatum to Hungary after their suppression of peaceful protests, this will lead to a civil war with Hungary if they refuse.\n£white_dot Once the Hungarians have been defeated, release Hungary and the other new Crownlands which will unlock the Pluralism tree for forming the Danubian Federation.\n\n§MUnited States of Greater Austria§! ($social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot Follow the above guide for the Danubian Federation, but have the popularity of the §cChristlichsoziale§! be higher than the §SSozialdemokratische Arbeiterpartei§! during the 1936 elections which will instead allow you to form the United States of Greater Austria.\n\n§MEnd the Dual Rule§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot During the 1937 Ausgleich favour the Crownlands over Hungary and trigger the civil war as described above.\n£white_dot Do not release Hungary and the other Crownlands after winning the civil war, which will trigger a second civil war with the remaining Crownlands\n£white_dot Win the civil war against the Crownlands, after which you will be able to take the End the Dual Rule focus.\n
Black Monday Hits Austria
Black Monday has hit Germany and it would not be long before its shockwave rippled across Europe. Given its close proximity, Austria was among the first to be affected. The economy is struggling and troubling times lie ahead.
Ach, Gott!
The Death of Kaiser Karl
Suffering from chronical bronchitis, Kaiser Karl has died today.
Long Live Kaiser Otto!
Emil Freiherr von Škoda Passes Away
The grandson of the illustrious founder of the Škoda conglomerate passed away today from heart failure.\n\nEmil von Škoda, sharing the name of the company's founder, succeeded his father, Karl, as head in 1929. While his grandfather founded the company and led it soaring, Karl led the company through the Weltkrieg, seeing even greater heights. On the other hand, Karl never reached the same popularity as the founder, often treating his Czech employees poorly. Emil could not have been more different in this regard; perfectly fluent in Czech, he often sympathised with his workers and could speak with them with no issue. Furthermore, he led the company through some of its biggest hardships with the Creditanstalt Crisis and Black Monday.\n\nAlas, with his and his younger brother's passing earlier this year, the male line of the Škoda family dies with him. While the family's immense fortune will be split between his younger sister Hedwig and the family matriarch Hermine, leadership of the company will likely move away from their direction. The Škoda, however, is certainly not going anywhere and will continue to live on as titans of the arms industry.\n\nDe facto leadership of Austrian industry has moved towards the Federation of Austrian Industries and its founder, Hans Lauda, currently heading the Veitscher company.
Their line ends, but their name continues.
Alamut - Newest Book of Vladimir Bartol
The Slovenes are one of the lesser talked-about minorities of our Empire, though even after hundreds of years of being part of it, they've stuck to their own language and culture. The newest best-seller in the Slovene-speaking territories, written by Bartol, is a story of Turkish and Persian struggles to control the fortress of Alamut. The action is set in the 11th century, when Seljuk Turks started expanding into Asia Minor. It is suspected that the book will be translated into German and various other languages soon enough.
Great!
Austria-Hungary Federalises
For the past few decades, the Austro-Hungarian Empire has decentralised authority from Vienna and Budapest, most prominently with the creation of Illyria in 1927. Now that process has taken another great leap forward, with the creation of [AUS.GetNameDef].\n\nThe Monarchy has restructured its internal structures to be more representative, while institutionally bringing its lands closer together. With the replacement of a decentralised, squabbling Empire with a unified state, the balance of power in Europe has shifted against all enemies of the status quo and the Habsburgs.
Will it truly change anything?
Their conservative \
Austrian Elections of 1936
Since federalisation begun, and the 'Austrian elections' were mostly reduced to the German-speaking part of the Empire, two major parties have dominated Austrian politics: the CS and the SDAP.\n\nThis year's elections, too, are harshly fought; the SDAP and CS have very different ideas of dealing with the ongoing economic crisis. The SDAP's programme focuses on easing the worker's plight, with a focus on unemployment benefits and government intervention. The CS, on the other hand, follow a programme of severe austerity measurements.
It is for the people to decide.
Opening of School & SDAP Rally
Even if the economic situation of Austria has been dire for a while, the first years after the Weltkrieg, when the CS and SDAP still cooperated in their governance, [Root.GetNameDef] saw widespread reforms in education and welfare. Academies for specialised workers began construction, workers' pensions were introduced, and child labour was once and for all eliminated. Vienna has been regarded as a front-runner in socialist circles.\n\nToday, a new academy is opened in the ninth district of Vienna, which the SDAP sees as a major success. Many speeches by various politicians are held, Karl Renner always standing in the background.\n\nRenner has been the effective head of the party since he found the goodwill of the Emperor during the Weltkrieg with a policy of Burgfrieden and cooperation with the Crown.
Their efforts are praiseworthy.
I'd prefer it if they didn't claim the successes of a joint government as their own.
Adler Denounces the SDAP
Friedrich Adler, son of the former head of the SDAP and a Radical Socialist mostly known for shooting Graf Stürgkh in protest of the Weltkrieg, has denounced the SDAP as 
Radicals will be Radicals.
The CS Invites Prince Otto to Hunt
The CS, the party of the petite bourgeoisie, the Catholic church, and the conservative countryside, usually refrains from holding large public events. In Vienna, they instead focus their efforts on smaller, private meetings. One such planned meeting will be in the form of a hunt in the Wienerwald.\n\nPrince Otto was formally invited to join the hunt. Having enjoyed an aristocratic education, the Habsburg heir is already used to such social occasions.
If he wants to...
The Imperial Family is above such trivial things.
Successful Hunt for the CS
Following the hunt, a feast was held, during which a radio interview with several prominent CS figures, but also Prince Otto, was recorded. It seems like this was on purpose, as Prince Otto is now being associated with the party, and support amongst our most devoted subjects for the party has increased.
Is this what they were hunting for?
Hunting Accident: Is Prince Otto hurt?
During what has been confirmed as an accident by all bystanders, the hunting rifle of the son of a prominent CS politician misfired, grazing Prince Otto's right leg in the process. While the heir to the throne sustained no serious injuries during the incident, the media are already spinning their conspiracy theories.
Are they trying to kill off my heir?
The Elections
The final tally is in. After this hard-fought election campaign we shall now find out the winner.
Isn't this exciting!.
CS Win the Elections
The final counts for the elections are in. While it was a close call, the overwhelming majority of the countryside votes have made the CS come first.
Austria is Christlich-Sozial.
SDAP Win the Elections
The final counts for the elections are in. While it was a close call, the votes of the City of Vienna have made the SDAP the clear winner.
Austria is Social-Democrat.
Our Relations with Naples
Though our Italian Federation and plans for an Austrian-dominated Italy failed, we are far stronger now than we were in 1926. Should we send an envoy to the court of King Ferdinand III, asking him to mend our broken ties, and help restore order to Italy?
Renew our southern ties!
Milan is a safer bet.
A Message of Friendship from Austria
Today, a distinguished Austrian ambassador arrived in the capital. He spoke of the great friendship our two nations have always enjoyed. He also said that the Imperial and Royal Government viewed with trepidation the threat to our west, and that Kaiser Karl encouraged swift reunification.
This sounds like a great idea.
The Austrians are our natural enemy.
Austro-Italian Friendship
Today, our ambassador returned from Italy. He informed us about the Italian agreement to our proposal of friendship. A great future lies before our countries.
Good.
Austro-Italian Rivalry
Today, our ambassador returned from Italy. He informed us that the Italians have declined our proposal of friendship. This is an insult against all our country stands for. Maybe we should once more point our armies at them, as we did during the Weltkrieg.
We will have our revenge.
Austria Suggests a War
The Austrian ambassador today suggested that we prepare our forces for an attack on the socialists. He said the time has come to strike at them and unite Italy.
We will crush them!
We cannot do that.
War in Italy
In response to our suggestion, Italy declared war on the SRI. While they have undoubtedly prepared for this day, we could augment their weapon stores with some of our own equipment, and even set up some volunteer regiments from our Italian-speaking lands. Should we send them this aid?
Send them help.
They will make do.
Austrian Help Arrives
Today, Austrian help has arrived in our land. They have sent us troops and weapons to defeat the enemy.
Thank God.
Naples Accepts
The Kingdom of the Two Sicilies has, surprisingly, accepted our offer of friendship, even though we abandoned them in 1926. However, now that they have proven receptive once again to their rightful protector and ally, we shall be sure to never fail them again!
We won't fail you again.
The Bourbons Refuse
Angry at our last betrayal and openly doubting the usefulness of our friendship, the Sicilian ambassador has informed our government that there is to be no deal between Naples and Vienna. We must rely on Milan and Venice for an Italian ally.
Damn.
Ausgleich Preparations
Every ten years since 1867, Austrian and Hungarian delegations meet to discuss how much each side of the Empire puts into the Common ministries: the ministries for foreign, military and financial affairs.\n\nHowever, due to their loss and demand for reparations for the Croatian territories, the re-negotiations of 1927 came to a standstill, resulting in Hungary not having paid anything into the common treasury for the last decade.\n\nHungary's state as a renegade Crown under the Kaiser's reign has been a thorn in Austria's side for a while now, and at least some efforts have to be made to bring them back to the herd.
Invite them formally.
An Invitation to the Ausgleich
The Viennese government has invited us to re-negotiate the Ausgleich. While this happens every ten years since 1867, when Hungary was put on the same level as Vienna, relations have been sour since the last time our countries met at the table in 1927, when the man in Vienna tried to force us to accept the loss of Croatia.
We shall see what comes of this.
Hungary Attends the Ausgleich Renegotiations
While there was some doubt whether Hungary would be willing to sort out the diplomatic differences between our two halves of the Empire, they have agreed
Naturally they do.
Invite Others to the Ausgleich?
The Ausgleich has always been conducted as a meeting of the Austrian and the Hungarian elite. However, we have had politicians from Bohemia, Galicia and Illyria petition for a more open, multi-ethnical negotiations this year, with delegations from all constituent states of Empire present.\n\nAlso, gathering delegations from all of Austria-Hungary's corners might help mediate some of the internal tensions that have been going on since the Weltkrieg has ended.
No way. This is between us and the Magyars.
You are right. Invite the Bohemians, Galicians and Illyrians.
We need to think bigger. Invite all peoples of the Dual Monarchy.
Other Nations at the Ausgleich
Reportedly, Austria has sent for delegations from the other parts of the Empire to take part in the Ausgleich Renegotiations of 1937. Prominent Politicians have voiced their opposition to such an Ausgleich, calling it a political manoeuvre to give Austria the upper hand during the negotiations.
Slovaks and Romanians Invited to the Ausgleich
As if it weren't enough that the Viennese government has called for Czechs, Poles, and all the other ethnicities of the other side of the Empire to the negotiation table, reportedly they have done the same even for nationalist groups within our borders!\n\nThe Slovaks and Romanians in the Carpathian Basin had been subdued successfully for centuries, but support from Vienna has awoken underground nationalist movements from their slumber.
This is an outrage. Formally protest their decision.
Just protesting is not enough. We shall not take part in such an Ausgleich.
We must go with the times.
An Invitation to the Ausgleich
The rumours that have been circulating amongst the members of our local government have turned out to be true. A courier has arrived in [Root.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] carrying an invitation to the Ausgleich negotiations. We are to send a [AUS_ausgleich_delegation] delegation to the negotiations. The Kaiser seems to have taken the opportunity of Hungary being willing to talk out their differences with the Cisleithanian Empire to allow us to bring our side to the discussion table.
What an honour.
What an honour. We shall do as commanded.
[AUS_ausgleich_dominated_delegation]
[Root.GetAdjective] delegation
delegation of both Bohemian-Germans and Czechs
delegation of both Poles and Ruthenians
delegation of all Illyrian peoples
We can go a bit heavier on the Bohemian-Germans though, can't we?
We are a Polish state. We will send our elite, not Ruthenian peasants.
There is only one Illyrian people.
Hungary Protests Against the Other Delegations
Word has come from Hungary that they condemn the fact that we have invited other delegations than them to the negotiations. Whether this condemnation is backed with anything, we will have to see.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Agrees to Attend
Our courier has returned from [From.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], carrying a reply from the [From.GetAdjective] government. They are very happy to be able to attend the negotiations, and send their best wishes.
It's the way forward.
Excellent.
The Hungarian Delegation Arrives
The Hungarian delegation has arrived in Vienna yesterday, eager to discuss the future of the Dual Monarchy. The festivities lasted long into the night.
The Delegations Arrive
Despite the fear that Hungary would not take kindly to us having invited other delegations beside theirs to the negotiations, they have arrived in Vienna yesterday amongst the delegations from Bohemia, Galicia and Illyria.\n\nWhile this year's Ausgleich Renegotiations are attended by politicians and thinkers from all over the Empire, the Hungarians remain at the centre, since their problem is the most important to solve. The festivities lasted long into the night.
The Delegations Arrive - With Hungary Absent
It was feared that Hungary would not take kindly to us having invited other delegations beside theirs to the negotiations, and critics of the move had already suspected that they would boycott the occasion for that reason.\n\nNonetheless, the other delegations have arrived, and are willing to discuss how to solve the issue of a defiant Hungary. The festivities lasted long into the night.
What a night.
What is there to negotiate without Hungary?
A Hungarian Delegate Holds a Speech
On the first day of the negotiations, speeches were held. One Hungarian politician has delivered the following:\n\n'Are we not to be proud of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. For decades now the man in Vienna has strived to reform what was already perfect. I believe that Austria, and Hungary, together, have a part to play in the future of the world. Together, we shall make Austria-Hungary great again.'\n\nWhile his compatriots were visibly disturbed by this implication that Kaiser Karl's federalisation politics were a mistake, he himself seemed rather pleased, despite the absence of applause.
How insolent.
Remove him from the negotiations.
He's right though, isn't he?
Hungary Demands Reparations
As anticipated, the Hungarian delegation once again demands compensation for the loss of the territories of Croatia-Slavonia, that were in vassalage under the Hungarian Crown until 1925, when said territories were occupied by the revolution of Southern Slavs, which ended with the cessation of the lands in 1926 to the newly reformed Kingdom of Illyria.\n\nThe Hungarian delegation still claims the lands as their own, but acknowledges that having them be under Hungarian control again is impossible. Therefore, like in 1927, they demand a hefty sum of money to be transferred to their treasury.
Offer them to pay from our own coffers.
This debt should be paid by the Illyrians.
This debt should be paid by the Illyrians. Let's try to negotiate here.
That is precisely why you pay less taxes now.
If they miss Croatia-Slavonia that much, they might as well have it back.
Bohemia Proposes a Slovak State
In the vain of the discussions on the day before, the Bohemian delegation brings up the issue that is the Slovak people living under direct rule of the Hungarian Crown. Without any special rights or autonomy, the Slovak people have been the victim of an ongoing policy of Magyarisation.\n\nThe Bohemian delegation proposes the creation of an autonomous state for the Slovak people as a solution 'to free their brothers from the Magyar yoke'.
This is certainly a thing Hungary should consider.
It should be done. Still, this requires further planning.
It should be done, and furthermore it should include all Slovak territory.
Galicia Demands Transcarpathia
Joining in on the recent trend of demanding Hungarian lands, the Ruthenian delegation reminds us that their brothers across the Carpathians are not even recognised by the Hungarian government.
The Ausgleich Negotiations are not a place to ask for territorial concessions.
It should be done. Let us work towards it.
Illyria Demands the Bačka
Joining in on the recent trend of demanding Hungarian land, Illyria now too demands cessation of the Bačka territory. While it is home to many Illyrians, claiming this strip of land in the southernmost region of Hungary is a rather audacious move by the Illyrian delegation, especially considering that Hungary is not yet formally recognising the South Slavic State.
The Ausgleich Negotiations are not a place to ask for territorial concessions.
It should be done. Let us work towards it.
Illyria should control the entire basin.
The Polish Propose a Polish Protectorate
Several prominent members of the Polish delegation have endorsed a more active stance in our diplomatic relationship with Poland. While Poland was left to be in the German sphere after the War, the Galicians still see Poland as their homeland, now suppressed by Prussian rule. They wish for us to liberate their compatriots.\n\nPoland is not yet lost.
We shall consider this.
Romanians: an Autonomous Transylvania?
While Transylvania hold some recognition by Hungary, it is by no means near the level Cisleithanian states enjoy. The Romanian delegation puts in a word for being put on the same level as the states of the Austrian half.
The Hungarian delegation should consider this.
Yes, it shall happen...
... and it shall include Partium and the Banat.
Hungary Abandons the Ausgleich
Having had enough of the 'mockery of old traditions' that the Hungarian delegation calls this year's negotiations, they have left the discussions.
This is bad, isn't it?
The Delegation Returns Home Early
Upset with the way the negotiations were going, our delegates returned home early. We will not be reimbursed for now.
Suboptimal.
The End of the Ausgleich
Today at dawn, the Hungarian delegation left for Budapest, to inform their government of what has transpired the last days, of the open arms that welcomed them in Vienna, and of their promised gains. The Ausgleich renegotiations of 1937 were a success, and things are looking up for the Dual Monarchy.
The Ausgleich came to an end yesterday - when Hungary decided to leave them prematurely.
The Ausgleich came to an end yesterday. All delegations went home today.
Despite Hungary's earlier departure, the Ausgleich came to an end yesterday, and the rest of delegations went home today.
Let's hope this upholds peace within the Empire.
It could have gone better, but also worse.
The Ausgleich Negotiations Are Over
Our delegation was successful in negotiating a resolution to our differences with Vienna.
Good.
Austria Agrees to Pay Reparations
We have successfully negotiated for the payment of reparations for the loss of Illyria.
Send the demand.
Hungary Sends Her Demands
Hungary takes us up on our offer for reparations.
If that is what it takes.
[From.GetName] Agrees to Pay
[From.GetName] Agrees to Pay
Good to know.
Hungary Demands Reparations
Hungary Demands Reparations
Wait, what?
If that has been decided...
Illyria Refuses to Pay
Illyria Refuses to Pay
Well, let's start a war in the Balkans. What could go wrong?
Not much we can do then.
Hungary Declares War On Us
Hungary Declares War On Us
This isn't good.
The Illyrian Crisis
Following the refusal of the Illyrian government to pay what they've described as 
This is outrageous.
Leave them to it.
It's happening.
Austro-Hungarian Split of Former Illyria
We must choose what to do with the occupied Illyrian lands.
Restore the 1921 borders.
Give Croatia-Slavonia to Hungary and restore Illyria in the rest of the land.
Occupy the whole thing for now.
Austria Occupies All of Illyria
Austria has chosen not respect their promise. How should we respond?
They'll pay for this.
Delegation Returns From the Ausgleich
Our delegation to the Ausgleich Renegotiations has arrived home in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] today. While no major diplomatic breakthroughs were made from our side, at least we were able to establish closer ties to Vienna.
Our delegation to the Ausgleich Renegotiations has arrived home in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] today. A major diplomatic breakthrough was achieved, as Vienna now recognises some of our claims with regards to Hungarian lands.
Certainly a valuable lesson for them.
Good.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Rebels!
Incensed by our betrayal of the weaker member states of our Empire, [FROM.GetName] has revolted against us! However, the K.u.k. Kriegsminister assures us that Austria and Hungary combined should prove easily victorious.
How dare they!
[AUS_ausgleich_demonstrations] Nationalism
Without doubt inspired by the support the King and his government in Vienna have given them during the Ausgleich Renegotiations, [AUS_ausgleich_demonstrations] protestors are marching the streets, holding pro-Austrian, but anti-Hungarian protests.
Put them down.
Slovak and Romanian
Slovak
Romanian
Slovakia and Transylvania
Slovakia
Transylvania
[AUS_ausgleich_demonstrations] Demonstrations Put Down in Hungary
At the start of the week, peaceful demonstrations of support for Vienna in several cities of [AUS_ausgleich_demonstrations_cities] ended with the Hungarian police violently dispersing the crowd. However, this has only played into the narrative the resistance is pushing, and now [AUS_ausgleich_demonstrations] leaders are asking our government to mediate the dispute.
Agreed. Hungary is to move its forces from the disputed territories.
We cannot meddle with Hungarian affairs.
Austria Demands Our Authorities Evacuate [AUS_ausgleich_demonstrations_cities]
Austria has demanded our administration and armed forces leave [AUS_ausgleich_demonstrations_cities].
We must do as they say.
Never!
Hungary Accepts Our Ultimatum
Hungary has left the disputed territories, leaving our forces free to march into them and restore order - the order we want, of course.
Great.
Hungary Refuses Our Ultimatum
Hungary declines our ultimatum and refuses to leave the disputed territories.
You know what this means, don't you?
Oh well.
Hungarian Victory in the Crisis on the Danube
It has become increasingly clear, with both the Armee-Oberkommando (Army High Command) and the Foreign Ministry in panic, that the war with our upstart crownland Hungary has taken a turn for the worse. With the core of the monarchy threatened, even the once-confident AOK is fearing for the worst and that not only is the territorial integrity of the Empire no longer salvageable, but that it may already be at the doorstep of complete collapse. To save face and prevent this potential collapse, it has been suggested to the Emperor-King that we must sue for peace or face the dismantlement of the Habsburg Monarchy altogether.
We have no choice but to accept the Hungarians privileged status within the empire.
There will be no negotiations with the Magyars!
Austria Sues For Peace
The tyrannical Habsburg Monarchy's troops who previously threatened to dismantle our country have been beaten on the field by our glorious armies. Seeing the writing on the wall, [AUS.GetNameDef] has sued for peace. They are willing to accept Hungary's rightfully earned position in the empire, cede our claims in Croatia, and guarantee to never threaten our status ever again. It is clear they are desperate to salvage what is left of the empire. With our position protected, there is little reason to refuse this generous offer even if the prospect of marching through Vienna's Heldenplatz and finishing off the dying corpse of an Empire is indeed tempting.
We agree to their terms.
No, we shall end the Habsburgs once and for all!
Austria Demands Re-Integration
They say we should be ruled directly from Vienna again.
What can we do against Vienna?
What about no.
Isn't this where we rebel?
[From.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Reintegration
The [From.GetAdjective] government has agreed to our proposal of a more centralised state.
Excellent.\n(Keep divisions)
Excellent.\n(Disband divisions)
[From.GetNameDefCap] Invades Hungary!
The vultures in [FROM.GetNameDef] have decided to take advantage of our internal troubles by invading the Kingdom of Hungary. Despite their state of revolt, Hungary in its entirety is one of the core Habsburg realms and must be defended against our bloodthirsty neighbours. Even though we are already occupied with putting down the Magyar revolt, we must consider their invasion an attack against the Monarchy as a whole regardless of our state of affairs.
We must protect our territorial integrity!
We can do nothing...
Austrian Betrayal
Worrying news from Vienna! Austria has decided to revoke our home rule, placing our people under military occupation again. We need to protect ourselves, no matter the cost, even if that means asking Serbia for protection. We'd rather have other Slavs rule over us instead of some blood-thirsty Austrians.
Austrian Betrayal
 Worrying news from Vienna! It's been decided that Hungary, after being defeated, will be placed under military occupation, revoking the compromise of 1867. It's known that every German speaking nationalist considers Bohemia not as an independent nation with its own culture, but as a part of what they call Greater Germany. They will come for us, and it's not a matter of if, but a matter of when. We need to protect ourselves from Austria, even if that means war.
Austrian Betrayal
Worrying news from Vienna! It's been decided that Hungary will get back their Croatian lands, taking back the promises they made during the Weltkrieg. They will go after Illyria, and, knowing how German speaking nationalists consider Bohemia as part of Greater Germany, instead of a country with its own culture, they will come for us. It's not a matter of if, but a matter of when. We need to protect ourselves from Austria and their Hungarian lapdogs, even if that means war.
Austrian Betrayal
 Worrying news from Vienna! It's been decided that Hungary, after being defeated, will be placed under military occupation, revoking the compromise of 1867. We'd rather reunite with our Polish brothers than having some blood-thirsty Austrians rule over us. They will come for us, and it's not a matter of if, but a matter of when. We need to protect ourselves, even if that means war.
Austrian Betrayal
Worrying news from Vienna! It's been decided that Hungary will get back their Croatian lands, taking back the promises they made during the Weltkrieg. They will go after Illyria, and, knowing what they would do to them and Bohemia, we must ask our Polish brothers for protection. They will come after us, and it's not a matter of if, but a matter of when. We need to protect ourselves from Austria and their Hungarian lapdogs, even if that means war.
We have no other choice.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Revolts Against Occupation
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Revolts Against Illyrian War
The reaction from Prague to our recent actions across the Leitha has been one of unmasked anger. Decrying the actions as tyrannical and a clear breach to the Monarchy's constitution, which they believe will be followed by the subjugation of the Crown of Saint Wenceslaus as well, the Bohemian government has declared the government in Vienna to be illegitimate and has deposed the governor, moving towards terminating Bohemia's personal union with Austria. We can only consider these moves as treachery from the perfidious Czechs, and the Bohemian crownlands is to be considered in open revolt.
With the Czechs taking arms against us, the leadership of Galicia have wrongly concluded that Austrian protection is no longer in their interests and have approached the Polish government to step in and occupy Austria's \
With Hungary under occupation and the other Slavs of the Empire in revolt, the Croats have finally made their move as well, and it is one of treachery. To make things more insulting, they have even approached the Serbs to come to their aid, potentially dragging the Balkans into our internal affairs.
They will be crushed as Hungary was.
They will be crushed.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Requests Support
Rebellion has once again begun in the Habsburg Empire. Austria has predictably tried to wrest control away from the three predominantly Slavic constituent parts of their Empire, ignoring what pitiful \
This is our chance! To war!
Austria is too strong...
[BPL.GetNameDefCap] Declares war on [AUS.GetNameDefCap]
The ambitions of the Belgrade Pact to regain their rightful lands at Austria's expense are no secret, and with the entrance of the Belgrade Pact's leader into the war we are now presented with our opportunity to end Vienna's hegemony over the Balkans once and for all. This may be challenging the Austrians sooner than we had otherwise planned, but if we believe we have chance, now is the time we must strike.
This is our chance! To war!
Austria is too strong...
[SER.GetNameDefCap] Declares war on [CRO.GetName]
The ambitions of the Belgrade Pact to regain lands at Austria's expense are no secret, and with [SER.GetNameDef]'s' declaration of war on [CRO.GetName] we are now presented with our opportunity to end Vienna's hegemony over the Balkans once and for all.
This is our chance! To war!
On second thought...
[BPL.GetName] Accepts an Alliance
[BPL.GetName] has accepted our call to arms and shall join us in our war against Vienna! Perhaps this uprising will not be so futile.
[BPL.GetName] has accepted our call to arms and shall join us in our war against Vienna! Perhaps this uprising will not be so futile.
We must rescue our Slovak brethren!
Onwards, for victory!
[BPL.GetName] Rejects an Alliance
Though we were expecting [BPL.GetName] to be enticed by a chance to seize their territorial claims while fighting on our side, they have refused our call to arms, citing that they are not prepared for a war against Austria for the time being. We stand alone in the world...
Oh no...
[FROM.GetAdjective] Requests Belgrade Pact Membership
Great news from [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]! [FROM.GetNonIdeologyName] will join our war efforts against Austria, but there's a problem: what to do with Bucovina? Our Romanian allies claim this territory as theirs, so we must decide if we will let Poland take it, or if we should pressure Warsaw to give it to our allies in Bucharest.
Great news from [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]! [FROM.GetNonIdeologyName] will join our war efforts against Austria, and with Romania owning Bucovina, we have any possible dispute over it already set. However, should we let the Poles in our alliance?
We welcome them, but they must return Bucovina to Romania.
Allies are always welcome!
We don't need them.
The Pact Demands Bukowina
Today, we received news from Romania, and they have demanded Bukowina as a condition for us to join the Belgrade Pact. We could give it to them in exchange for military cooperation, or we could keep it, considering that Austria will be busy on lots of fronts.
Gladly.
Bukowina is a rightful [ROOT.GetAdjective] territory!
The Return of Bucovina
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has accepted our offer, and Bucovina will be transferred to us. This is another victory for Romanian diplomacy.
Marvellous.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Our Offer
We received news that [FROM.GetNameDefCap] has accepted our offer, they will join the Belgrade Pact in exchange for handing Bucovina to Romania. Together we shall put down Austria once for all.
Excellent.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Our Offer
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] refused our generous offer of military assistance in exchange of Bucovina. That means our war efforts shall go separate ways.
Their loss.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Sends an Ultimatum
[FROM.GetName] has stabbed us in the back! Sensing weakness, they threaten us with arms to unify into a South Slavic state. Shall we surrender our brief independence or defend it with what we have?
We have no choice...
We will not replace one tyrant for another!
Illyria Accepts the Ultimatum
The artificial state of Illyria, the Austrian attempt to stifle South Slavic unity by creating a Croat-led monstrosity has finally been extinguished, and their leaders have surrendered to our regime.
The South Slavs are finally united.
Illyria Refuses the Ultimatum
The Croatian regime in Zagreb has refused our ultimatum and would rather defend their artificial state at war. Thus, war is what they shall receive.
So you have chosen death.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Leaves the [ROOT.GetFactionName]
Now that Austria has been dealt with, [FROM.GetNameDefCap] has decided to leave the [ROOT.GetFactionName]. From now on our paths will go down separate ways.
Not unexpected.
Fall of the Habsburgs
With the defeat in the Fifth Balkan War, Austria has now fallen far. Once a great empire, one of the winners of the Weltkrieg, now chaos reigns in Vienna. The Habsburg family has been ousted and has been blamed for the defeat, most of the army has defected to a newly independent Hungary. Now a question arises, should we join Germany for protection? We currently can barely defend ourselves, and in case of a syndicalist invasion we would stand no chance.
So it ends.
Austria Seeks Union With Germany
Today the Austrian government has officially asked us to become part of Germany, seeking protection from both external and internal threats. This might be the perfect occasion to achieve Greater Germany, but some argue it's not worth the risk.
Greater Germany has finally been achieved...
We don't need them.
Germany Refuses the Union
Berlin has refused our offer, stating they do not have enough resources to protect us, nor the interest to do so. We're alone.
Are they out of their minds?
Austria Collapses Into Anarchy
Shocking news from Vienna! The Austro-Hungarian Empire, once the hegemon of the Balkans, has now collapsed into anarchy, its Emperor overthrown in ignominy. This chaotic state of affairs has led to a mutiny in the k.u.k. Army; much of the Imperial Army has defected to the newly independent Hungary.\n\nThe Belgrade Pact, victors of the Fifth Balkan War, have carved up the Empire for their own benefit, with Czechoslovakia proclaimed following Bohemian independence. Observers raise questions about the Pact's future.\n\nAustria itself is in a precarious state. With the Phoenix's influence in the Balkans now over, the balance of power has shifted.
Shocking news from Vienna! The Austro-Hungarian Empire, once the hegemon of the Balkans, has now collapsed into anarchy, its Emperor overthrown in ignominy. This chaotic state of affairs has led to a mutiny in the k.u.k. Army; much of the Imperial Army has defected to the newly independent Hungary.\n\nAustria itself is in a precarious state. With the Phoenix's influence in the Balkans now over, the balance of power has shifted. Bulgaria nows stands as the sole hegemon of the Balkans, for the foreseeable future.
Twice the pride, double the fall.
A sad end to a grand empire.
In the end, capitalism will destroy itself.
Chaos on the Danube
Once again, blood will paint the Danube red, as has war sparked between Austria and its former crownlands, following the abolition of the practise of dual rule. It is certain the Belgrade Pact will also be involved in the conflict, seeking an occasion to attack Austria and overwhelm the Austrian land forces to seize their claims.\n\nThe Austrian Empire now faces a dire situation, facing an aggression on all fronts - will they be able to overcome yet another crisis, or will this old empire crumble under the hits of new rising European powers?
We will not fail!
Austria delenda est.
More troubles in the Balkans!?
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Annexes [CRO.GetNameDef]
Taking advantage of the war between [AUS.GetNameDef] and [CRO.GetNameDef], [SER.GetNameDef] has pressured the [CRO.GetAdjective] government into annexation. What should our response be?
This means war!
We cannot fight them right now.
It matters not.
Vienna Gone Insane
After a devastating ultranationalist coup against Emperor Karl, a highly authoritarian and German chauvinist regime has secured power in Vienna. This has created great unrest in the lands of the Dual Monarchy, especially in the Slavic Crownlands, now home to a widespread rebellious mood. We cannot in good consicience uphold our alliance with Vienna under these circumstances.
Inform Vienna of our decision.
Austrian Intervention
Today, the ambassador from Vienna stated that our southern neighbours are keen on 'helping out' with the ongoing war against [threat_country.GetNameDef], joining our alliance at least for the duration of this conflict. While the Austrian army is no longer the trainwreck it was during the Weltkrieg, and thus might prove of more help, it's possible their participation could open a southern front should they prove unable to stand firm.
Brothers-in-arms once more!
We are doing well enough on our own
Germany Declines Our Offer
Berlin has responded to our offer, stating our help was neither needed nor wanted, and that we should look to managing our internal affairs.
How rude!
Germany Accepts Our Support
Berlin welcomes the help we have offered in combating the [threat_country.GetAdjective] menace. The [Root.GetFactionName] will merge with the [From.GetFactionName], at least for the duration of this conflict.
Brothers-in-arms once more!
§YYou will have the option to reform the [Root.GetFactionName] with all existing members once you are at peace again.§!\n
The Donau-Adriabund Reforms
[AUS.GetNameDefCap] has decided to reform the Donau-Adriabund alliance, now that the war is done, and has called on [Root.GetNameDef] to take their place at their side once again.
[AUS.GetNameDefCap] has decided to reform the Donau-Adriabund alliance, now that the war is done, and has called on [Root.GetNameDef] to take their place at their side once again. If we refuse, staying in the Reichspakt will not be an option - at least not for now. We will be on our own.
Of course!
We'd rather not...
The Donau-Adriabund Reforms
With the war now over, [AUS.GetNameDef] has elected to return to its former position as the head of the Donau-Adriabund alliance.
We thank them for their assistance!
We Are On Our Own
The fall of Germany means [Root.GetNameDef] and the members of the Donau-Adriabund are now on our own!
This can't be good...
An Invitation from [From.GetNameDef]
[From.GetNameDefCap] has rekindled her policy of acting as the 'Protector of the Balkans', and towards that end has formally invited us to join into her alliance. This would mean committing our forces to any [From.GetAdjective] wars, though we would also benefit from their protection.
We agree to their protection
We want our claimed lands back, first!
No, we're doing well enough on our own
[From.GetNameDefCap] Agrees
The [From.GetAdjective] has let us know that [From.GetNameDef] is looking forward to closer cooperation with [Root.GetNameDef]. [Root.GetAdjective]-[From.GetAdjective] relationships are off to a good start.
Splendid
The [From.GetAdjective] Condition
After some talks between our governments, it appears the main obstacle to [From.GetNameDef] joining our alliance is that some of their land - such as the state of [state_example.GetName] - is claimed by them and currently in possession of our subjects. Seeing as those subjects would have little choice in giving up whatever we tell them to, is it worth bribing [From.GetNameDef] in order to get them on-board?
After some talks between our governments, it appears the main obstacle to [From.GetNameDef] joining our alliance is that some of their land - such as the state of [state_example.GetName] - is claimed by them and currently in possession of our subjects. That land, however, is considered a proper part of the empire. Giving it up to a country we don't control, even in exchange for an alliance, would not go over well with anyone in [Root.GetNameDef]. Is it truly worth such trouble to get them on board?
After some talks between our governments, it appears the main obstacle to [From.GetNameDef] joining our alliance is that some of their land - such as the state of [state_example.GetName] - is claimed by them and currently in our personal possession. The land is not, however, a core part of the empire. Is it worth giving up control over it in order to bribe the [From.GetAdjective] government into joining our alliance?
After some talks between our governments, it appears the main obstacle to [From.GetNameDef] joining our alliance is that some of their land - such as the state of [state_example.GetName] - is claimed by them and currently in our personal possession. The land is a core part of our empire, however, and giving it up to a country we don't control, even in exchange for an alliance, seems unthinkable. Would we truly consider such a thing?
After some talks between our governments, it appears the main obstacle to [From.GetNameDef] joining our alliance is that some of their land - such as the state of [state_example.GetName] - is claimed by them and currently in the possession of our allies. Seeing as we can hardly tell our allies to give it up for their sake, it appears we have no choice but to refuse their request.
We want that alliance, no matter the cost
No, they ask for too much
It was worth asking, at least
The [From.GetAdjective] Command
In order to broker an agreement with [receiver.GetNameDef] to join their alliance, the [From.GetAdjective] government has agreed to hand over [Root.GetAdjective] to them without even asking our leave. Sadly, considering our subordinate position, there is little we can do by object strenuously. Not that it matters - the deed is done.
An outrage!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Agrees to our Demand
It came as a shock to some when the [From.GetAdjective] emissary returned with the news that we would, indeed, get our claimed territories returned to us forthwith. A fortuitous beginning to our new relationship with [From.GetNameDef], it appears.
Splendid
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses our Demand
It's little surprise to any within the [Root.GetAdjective] government when the [From.GetAdjective] emissary returned and informed us that [From.GetNameDef] would not return any territory to us in exchange for our alliance, no matter the strength of our claims to it.
So much for their offer, then
[From.GetNameDefCap] Declines
Without bothering to make a counter-offer, the [From.GetAdjective] government has refused our request... and, more over, has scoffed at our pretension to the title of 'Protector of the Balkans'. It appears our alliance will need to make do without them.
Well then
Expansion of the Vienna Circle
[From.GetNameDefCap], a country with which we have many ties, has invited us to the Vienna Circle — a prestigious array of top scientists, mathematicians, and other thinkers who gather to discuss the great topics of the day and advance research through more practical means as well. The official paper reads that they look forward to working alongside the intellectuals of [Root.GetNameDef]. Our inclusion would lead to a significant boost in our own technological capacity, though a few note this may be yet another move to try and consolidate the [From.GetAdjective] sphere around its namesake member.\n\nStill, even these cynics cannot deny that it is a great step for our country's scientific sector and international prestige to be included in an organisation of such great repute.
Excellent
Austria
Austrian
Austria
Republic of Austria
the Republic of Austria
Republic of Austria
the Republic of Austria
Republic of Austria
the Republic of Austria
Austrian Empire
the Austrian Empire
Austrian Empire
the Austrian Empire
Austrian Empire
the Austrian Empire
Austrian Empire
the Austrian Empire
Austrian Empire
the Austrian Empire
Austrian Empire
the Austrian Empire
Austrian Empire
the Austrian Empire
Germany
German
Germany
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
United States of Greater Austria
the United States of Greater Austria
United States of Greater Austria
the United States of Greater Austria
United States of Greater Austria
the United States of Greater Austria
United States of Greater Austria
the United States of Greater Austria
United States of Greater Austria
the United States of Greater Austria
United States of Greater Austria
the United States of Greater Austria
United States of Greater Austria
the United States of Greater Austria
Danubia
Danubian
Danubia
Danubian Republic of Councils
the Danubian Republic of Councils
Danubian Republic of Councils
the Danubian Republic of Councils
Danubian Republic of Councils
the Danubian Republic of Councils
Danubian Federation
the Danubian Federation
Danubian Federation
the Danubian Federation
Danubian Federation
the Danubian Federation
Danubian Federation
the Danubian Federation
Danubian Federation
the Danubian Federation
Danubian Federation
the Danubian Federation
Danubian Federation
the Danubian Federation
South Germany
South German
South Germany
South German Union
the South German Union
South German Union
the South German Union
South German Union
the South German Union
South German Confederation
the South German Confederation
South German Confederation
the South German Confederation
South German Confederation
the South German Confederation
South German Confederation
the South German Confederation
South German Confederation
the South German Confederation
South German Confederation
the South German Confederation
South German Confederation
the South German Confederation
Alfred Klahr
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1904, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Friedrich Adler
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 9th, 1879, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Karl Renner
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 14th, 1870, in Unter-Tannowitz, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!
Gustav Stolper
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 25th, 1888, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Wilhelm Miklas
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1872, in Krems an der Donau, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Franz Dinghofer
§YBorn:§! §LApril 6th, 1873, in Ottensheim, Archduchy of Austria above the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Karl von Habsburg-Lothringen
Karl I
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 17th, 1887, in Persenbeug Castle, Persenbeug-Gottsdorf, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter his uncle Franz Ferdinand was assassinated in 1914, Karl von Habsburg-Lothringen became the designated successor of Kaiser Franz Josef, upon whose death Karl inherited the many thrones of the Habsburg Empire in late 1916. In spite of victory in the Weltkrieg, Austria remained burdened by an archaic political system and unrest. Emperor Karl now has the arduous task of reforming the ailing Empire despite numerous internal and external threats.§!
Otto von Habsburg-Lothringen
Otto I
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 20th, 1912, in Wartholz Castle, Reichenau an der Rax, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEmperor Otto von Habsburg-Lothringen has succeeded his father, Karl, as monarch of Austria. Otto, despite his young age, has grand ambitions of an Empire whose disparate peoples share but one national identity. His laconic speech and youthful charm have culminated in Otto garnering frequent media attention.§!
Eugen von Habsburg-Lothringen
§YBorn:§! §LMay 21st, 1863, in Gross-Seelowitz, Margraviate of Moravia, Austrian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGrandson of the \
Karol Albrecht von Habsburg-Lothringen
Karol Olbracht
Karol Olbracht Habsburg-Lotaryński
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 18th, 1888, in Pola, Margraviate of Istria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LKarl Albrecht von Habsburg-Lothringen, Austrian by birth, is a stalwart advocate for the Polish. Given charge of the, at-last, devolved Galician region within Cisleithania, Karl Albrecht does his best to represent the interests of his adopted people within the Empire.§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 18th, 1888, in Pola, Margraviate of Istria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LKarol Olbracht von Habsburg-Lothringen, Austrian by birth, is a stalwart advocate for the Polish. When Emperor Karl plotted to annex Polish lands to Austria, Karol Olbracht advocated fiercely against it. Though amicable to his native Austria, as king of Poland, Karol continues to fight for the Polish people.§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 18th, 1888, in Pola, Margraviate of Istria, Austria-Hungary§!
Joseph August von Habsburg-Lothringen
József Ágost Habsburg-Lotaringiai
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 9th, 1872, in Alcsút Palace, Alcsút, Fejér County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 9th, 1872, in Alcsút Palace, Alcsút, Fejér County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTitular Palatine of Hungary, Archduke Joseph August is the scion of the so-called Hungarian branch of the Imperial and Royal family, being born and raised in that half of the Monarchy. As expected of an Archduke, he started his military career at a young age in 1890. Unlike his kinsmen, however, he transferred to the Royal Hungarian Honvéd in 1902 when he rose to the rank of Major, with his sympathies and identity clearly laying with the Kingdom of Hungary.\nBy the start of the Weltkrieg, Archduke Joseph had already proven himself to be a talented officer, having been promoted to Major General in 1908, and Lieutenant Field Marshal (Lieutenant General) in 1911. In the opening stages of the war, the Archduke quickly proved his competence once his division was rushed from the Serbian to the Russian Front, successfully covering the retreat of the 2nd Army before fighting in the ill-fated winter fighting in the Carpathians, which failed to relieve Przemysl but did stop the Russians from invading Hungary. In May 1915, commanding the VII Corps, Archduke Joseph commanded the southern portion of the Isonzo Front, taking the brunt of numerous Italian offensives. There, he proved his personal bravery and leadership, commanding at the front where he was wounded twice and becoming the only senior commander to receive the Karl Troop Cross for twelve weeks of frontline service. He would remain on the Italian Front until December 1916, after which he was transferred to the Romanian Front for all of 1917. He returned to the Italian Front in July 1918 to take command of Armeegruppe Tirol, where he would defeat Italy's final offensive of the war in October, soon being promoted to Field Marshal.\nAfter the war, he stayed with the army, remaining well-loved and respected, but increasingly became involved in political and, especially, academic circles in Hungary. For much of the troubled years since the Weltkrieg, Joseph August remains a connecting symbol between the Monarchy and Hungary.§!
Alfred Jansa von Tannenau
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 16th, 1884, in Stanislau, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHailing from a military family, Alfred Jansa graduated from the Kriegsschule in Vienna in November 1912 and was commissioned a Captain in the staff of the Governor of Bosnia, Oskar Potiorek. Two years later, in Sarajevo, he would witness the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand and the start of the Weltkrieg.\nJansa would end up serving on nearly all fronts; from 1915 onward, he was a liaison officer, serving with distinction in the staff of famous German generals as Mackensen, Seeckt, and Below.\nAt the war's end, he was promoted to general, continuing his staff work up the chain of command. For most of the '30s, he was the military attaché to Berlin, where his connections in the German general staff from the Weltkrieg proved invaluable. As it stands, Jansa is an energetic reformer with great respect for his German counterparts, but he has been outspoken on Austria-Hungary's need to maintain the independence of its military.§!
Erhard Raus
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 8th, 1889, in Wolframitz, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGraduating from a cadet school near Brno, Raus joined a Feldjäger (light infantry) battalion when he was 18 years old. He spent most of the Weltkrieg on the Eastern Front, distinguishing himself as the commander of a bicycle company. After the war, he was promoted to Colonel in the general staff, teaching infantry tactics. With experience with mobile warfare during the Weltkrieg, he was eventually transferred to the Fast Division's cycling battalion. His promotion to General is very recent, making Raus still unproven as a field commander, but he is already proving to be naturally talented with armoured warfare.§!
Lothar Rendulic
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 25th, 1887, in Wiener Neustadt, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of an officer of Croatian origin, Rendulic first studied law before enrolling at the Theresian Military Academy. In 1910, he was commissioned Lieutenant, and fought in Galica for the first years of the Weltkrieg. At the war's end, he was a Captain in the general staff as part of XXI Corps on the Italian front.\nAfter the war, he finished his law studies before rising further up the ranks as part of the War Ministry. In 1934, after being promoted to Major General, he took command of Austria-Hungary's first mechanised unit, the Fast Division.\nDespite a respectable career at the War Ministry and commander of the Fast Division, his experience is still lacking as a relatively recent promotion, while his loyalties may be dubious with ties to German nationalist organisations.§!
Karl Eglseer
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 5th, 1890, in Bad Ischl, Archduchy of Austria above the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter graduating from the Infantry Cadet School in Marburg (Maribor), he joined the 87th Infantry Regiment in 1908 as an officer cadet, receiving his commission as Lieutenant in 1911. When the Weltkrieg began, Eglseer was sent to the front and by September 1914, he was wounded for the first time. He was sent back to the front that December, only to be seriously wounded again on Christmas Eve. This time, he was captured by the Russians and would remain in captivity until March 1918. He was promoted to Captain on his return and served with distinction on the Italian Front in time for Italy's final offensive and the Austro-Hungarian one that finally brought victory over the Italians in 1919.\nHaving spent most of the war as a prisoner of war, Eglseer's career moved up slowly and he remains one of the less experienced members of the general staff.§!
Julius Ringel
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 16th, 1889, in Völkermarkt, Duchy of Carinthia, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §L\
Franz Böhme
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1885, in Zeltweg, Duchy of Styria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBöhme joined the Austro-Hungarian Army in 1900 and was commissioned a lieutenant five years later. A year into the Weltkrieg, he was made Captain after serving with distinction in the ferocious fighting in Galicia. Böhme would continue to serve all over the Eastern Front under German Command. By the time he was transferred to the Western Front as part of the Austro-Hungarian force there, he had fought from Tarnopol in Galicia up to Dvinsk in the Baltic region. After the war, Böhme slowly rose through the ranks, briefly working for the Evidenzbureau in the field of military intelligence.\nHis membership in German nationalist organisations has brought doubts about his loyalty to the Monarchy.§!
Sigismund Schilhawsky von Bahnbrück
§YBorn:§! §LApril 7th, 1881, in Budapest, Pest-Pilis-Solt-Kiskun County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LScion of a German-Bohemian military family, \
Eduard Barger
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1882, in Leitmeritz, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAt the start of the Weltkrieg, Barger was a captain, leading a company. His wartime is nothing short of exemplary: Wounded four times, he became known for his initiative, leadership, and personal bravery. He fought in the awful conditions of the Winter campaign in the Carpathians, then in the Alps against the Italians. In the final stages of the war, he led a Czech regiment on the fierce fighting on the Asiago Plateau, reinforcing his belief in the Monarchy as his troops, despite the false rumours of their supposed unreliability, fought bravely. After the war, Barger slowly rose through the ranks, becoming a general in 1935.\nWhile his personal courage and impressive frontline leadership is impossible to overstate, the truth is that he has no experience in leading units bigger than a regiment.§!
Friedrich Materna
§YBorn:§! §LJune 21st, 1885, in Hof, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMaterna entered the Austro-Hungarian Army as an ensign in 1904. In 1913, he graduated from the Kriegsschule in Vienna, serving as a general staff officer in Galicia for the first years of the war. After 1917, he was a staff officer under Archduke Eugen, finishing the war as a Lieutenant Colonel. After the war, a staff officer through and through, he was quickly promoted to Colonel, then Major General as a member of the military inspectorate.\nWith most of his experience from being a staff officer and heading the recruitment and training department of the War Ministry, his skill as a field commander remains definitely unproven.§!
Wilhelm Zehner
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 2nd, 1883, in Bistritz, Beszterce-Naszód County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LComing from a Protestant family, Zehner joined the Austro-Hungarian Army as a Lieutenant in 1903. During training, he proved to be very capable and a skilled marksman. During the yearly manoeuvres in 1912, he received a commendation from his commanding officer. At the start of the Weltkrieg, Zehner was the intendant (administrator for supplies outside of weapons and ammunition) of XVI Corps, with the outbreak of the war moving him to the administration of the 1st Mountain Brigade on the Serbian Front. In December 1916, after requesting a transfer to frontline service, he was promoted to Captain, commanding the 7th battalion of the 64th Regiment. After serving on the Romanian Front for most of 1917 and early 1918, his battalion fought against Red Guards as the Austro-Hungarian Army advanced into Ukraine, distinguishing itself during the bitter street fighting for the capture of Mykolaiv. In April 1918, he took command of Assault Battalion 59, spending the rest of the war in Ukraine, fighting more Red Guards and taking care of border security. At the end of the war, he was highly decorated and respected, his troops calling him “Iron Zehner”. After the war, Zehner took staff officer courses and rapidly rose through the ranks. An enthusiastic moderniser and already a proven military administrator and by 1934, he was a General of Infantry, serving in the War Ministry's personnel department for several years.§!
Ludwig von Eimannsberger
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 19th, 1878, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of a career officer killed during the Occupation of Bosnia, Eimannsberger was raised by his mother, also from a military family, in a Spartan lifestyle. At the tender age of 10, he was sent to a military school before proceeding for the ancient and prestigious Technical Military Academy, graduating in 1899 as an artillery officer. In 1905, he finished his studies at the Kriegsschule and became a staff officer.\nBy 1914, he had spent a few years teaching at the Technical Military Academy before transferring to the XII Corps when the war broke out. Until 1916, he fought in Galicia before becoming artillery commander of the Kaiserschützen (mountain infantry) Division in South Tyrol. His role during the breakthrough at Caporetto in 1917 earned him the Order of Leopold. By the end of the Weltkrieg, he was a Colonel.\nDuring the Interwar, Eimannsberger became fascinated with one of the newest weapons of war, tanks. In 1926, he became head of the Military Technical Committee and was promoted to Feldzeugmeister (General of Artillery) the next year. In 1934, he published \
§YBorn:§! §LJune 18th, 1868, in Kenderes, Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAt age 14, Horthy entered the Naval Academy in Fiume (Rijeka), receiving the rank of Frigate Lieutenant in 1896, marking the beginning of his long career as a naval officer. Expectedly, he travelled around the world as he rose through the ranks. Notably, he became aide-de-camp to Emperor Franz Joseph, additionally advising the monarch in Hungarian affairs, from 1909 to 1914. Horthy viewed the old Emperor in very high regards and he often reminisced fondly about his time as an advisor.\nWhen the Weltkrieg began, Horthy commanded the pre-dreadnought SMS Habsburg before taking command of the cruiser SMS Novarra, where he would cement his reputation as a bold commander. In 1917, he planned and led the Battle of the Strait of Otranto, where he led his fleet of cruisers and destroyers to victory despite being seriously wounded to the point of losing consciousness. The following year saw a meteoric rise through the ranks, becoming a Rear Admiral and Commander-in-Chief of the Fleet in February 1918, Vice Admiral in October, and full Admiral in 1919 after scoring another victory against the Entente forces in the Mediterranean.\nAfter the war, Horthy was Hungary's most prominent and popular national hero and he continued his career in the Navy. He became Grand Admiral, Commander-in-Chief of the Navy, and Chief of the Naval Section at the War Ministry in the 1920s, ensuring that, despite tightening purse-strings, the Kriegsmarine continued to receive sufficient funding and the naval industry remained employed. With the economy in shambles, however, it has become increasingly difficult to secure funds for the Navy, but his popularity and diligence ensures that the oft-forgotten branch does not fall to disrepair.§!
Georg von Trapp
§YBorn:§! §LApril 4th, 1880, in Zara, Kingdom of Dalmatia, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIn 1894, Trapp entered the Naval Academy in Fiume (Rijeka), following in his father's footsteps. He was assigned to SMS Zenta in 1900, participating in the Battle of Taku Forts during the Boxer Rebellion. Three years later, he was commissioned a Frigate Lieutenant. Fascinated by submarines, he requested to be transferred to the U-boot-Waffe, the new submarine arm of the navy, in 1908.\nDuring the Weltkrieg, he began his storied career as a U-Boat commander with the SM U-5, sinking two enemy warships in nine combat patrols in 1915. By August, he was already hailed as a hero across the Empire. Later that year, he took command of SM U-14 (formerly French submarine Curie). By the end of the war, Trapp had been promoted to Corvette Captain, having been through nineteen combat patrols, two warships sunk, and over 45 000 tonnage at the bottom of the sea.\nAfter the war, Trapp stayed in the Navy, eventually becoming commander of the submarine fleet as a Rear Admiral. Unsurprisingly, he has been the number one advocate for the expansion and modernisation of the U-Boat fleet, which he sees as the Monarchy's most important weapon, able to fight its enemies even if the Adriatic is bottled up.\nOn a more peaceful note, he and the rest of his musically-talented family have recently been performing as a singing troupe for church service and festivals.§!
Heinrich Pergler von Perglas
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 26th, 1871, in Budweis, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPergler entered the Naval Academy in Fiume (Rijeka) in 1886, joining the Austro-Hungarian Navy after graduating in 1890. His first command was a torpedo boat in 1900, but by 1914, he commanded the cruiser SMS Panther. As captain of the Panther, he helped the Army repel the Montenegrin Army from the port and naval base in Cattaro (Kotor). After being promoted to chief of staff of the Second Division, he commanded a pre-dreadnought before becoming captain of the dreadnought SMS Tegetthoff. It was with the Tegetthoff that Pergler participated in the Second Battle of Otranto, which saw the sinking of its sister ship SMS Szent István. In January 1919, he was promoted to the rank of Rear Admiral. Much of his time after the Weltkrieg was spent on the Austrian Navy Association (Marineverband), promoting the Navy's wartime achievements, its geopolitical and economic importance, and lionising its heroes.§!
Maximilian Eugen von Habsburg-Lothringen
§YBorn:§! §LApril 13th, 1895, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEmperor Karl's younger brother was merely 19 when the Weltkrieg began and was serving his initial military service expected of a young archduke. With the privilege of his position, he quickly rose to the rank of Major, and he showed tactical acumen and bravery: During the assault on Dosso Alto in June 1918, he was wounded in action when a shell exploded near him, partially deafening him. Two months later, he transferred to the navy and became commander of the U-Bootsuchflottille (anti-submarine flotilla). From then on, Maximilian Eugen took the mantle as the patron of the Kriegsmarine within the Imperial and Royal family, a duty formerly taken by two kinsmen that met tragic ends: Archduke Franz Ferdinand and Emperor Maximilian of Mexico, along with the less tragic Archduke Stephen, a major candidate to the Polish throne.§!
Otto Ender
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 24th, 1875, in Altach, County of Vorarlberg, Austria-Hungary§!
Eduard Heinl
§YBorn:§! §LApril 9th, 1880, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Adolf Schärf
§YBorn:§! §LApril 20th, 1880, in Nikolsburg, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!
Ernst Rüdiger von Starhemberg
§YBorn:§! §LMay 10th, 1899, in Eferding, Archduchy of Austria above the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Ludwig Hülgerth
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 26th, 1875, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Hermann Foppa
§YBorn:§! §LJune 18th, 1882, in Sillian, County of Tyrol, Austria-Hungary§!
Julius Meinl II
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 18th, 1869, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Ludwig von Mises
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 29th, 1881, in Lemberg, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Emil von Škoda
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 6th, 1908, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Hans von Lauda
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 25th, 1896, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Maximilian Ronge
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 9th, 1874, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Emil Fey
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 23rd, 1886, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Hugo Breitner
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 9th, 1873, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Walter Breisky
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 8th, 1871, in Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Richard von Coudenhove-Kalergi
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 16th, 1894, in Tokyo, Empire of Japan§!
Hermann Pokorny
§YBorn:§! §LApril 7th, 1882, in Kremsier, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!
Theodor Körner von Siegringen
§YBorn:§! §LApril 24th, 1873, in Újszőny, Komárom County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Emil Milan Uzelac
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 26th, 1867, in Komárom, Komárom County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Otto Schöbel
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 22nd, 1894, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Gottfried von Banfield
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 6th, 1890, in Castelnuovo, Kingdom of Dalmatia, Austria-Hungary§!
Alfred von Hubicki
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 5th, 1887, in Friedrichsdorf, Bereg County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Alexander Löhr
§YBorn:§! §LMay 20th, 1885, in Turnu Severin, Mehedinţi County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Emil Hickmann
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 12th, 1884, in Pressburg, Pozsony County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Viktor Pohl
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 4th, 1875, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Sigmund Knaus
§YBorn:§! §LApril 10th, 1879, in St. Veit an der Glan, Duchy of Carinthia, Austria-Hungary§!
Zdenko Hudeček
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1887, in Theresienstadt, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Eugen Sänger
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 22nd, 1905, in Preßnitz, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Ferdinand Porsche
Herbert Wagner
Igo Etrich
Max Valier
Otto Robert Frisch
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 1st, 1904, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
