Nepal Focus Tree
Labour Swatantra Party
$NEP_totalist_party$
$NEP_totalist_party$
Nepal Praja Parishad
Nepal Praja Parishad (Nepal People's Council)
$NEP_social_democrat_party$
$NEP_social_democrat_party_long$
$NEP_social_democrat_party$
$NEP_social_democrat_party_long$
$NEP_social_democrat_party$
$NEP_social_democrat_party_long$
National Government
Rana Dynasty
Gorkha League
All-India Gorkha League
Samyukta Swatantra
Samyukta Swatantra Party (United Independence Party)
Nepal Praja Parishad - A
Nepal Praja Parishad - Acharya (Nepal People's Council - Acharya Wing)
Nepal Praja Parishad - K
Nepal Praja Parishad - Koirala (Nepal People's Council - Koirala Wing)
Gorkha Dal
Veer Gorkha Dal (Courageous Nepali Party)
Rastriya Praja Party
Rastriya Praja Party (National People's Party)
Rastriya Praja Party
Rastriya Praja Party (National People's Party)
Royal Nepal Army
Nepal Republican Army
[NEP_loc_army_name]
The [NEP_loc_army_name] is one of the few things in Nepal that inspires pride in those all across the political spectrum. Ever since the Anglo-Nepalese war, Nepalese troops have been world renowned, and for over a century the Nepali 
An Economy of Corruption and Stagnation
Through a combination of a corrupt system built almost solely to enrich the Rana dynasty, and a general policy of opposing industrialisation to weaken the peasantry's political power, Nepal finds itself incredibly poor and backwards despite great potential for economic growth.\n\nWhile some attempts have been made in the past two decades to finally bringing Nepal into at least the 19th century, the chaos of the 20s firmly scuppered all hope of this happening. Industrialising Nepal will likely require great political change and outside assistance, but will be vital for the nation to not fade into irrelevance.
The Padma Shumsher Plan
Although regarded as highly radical and deeply unpopular by other members of the Rana dynasty, Padma Shumsher's rather reserved industrialisation plan has been enforced upon Nepal by their backers in the Dominion of India, who have demanded Nepali industrialisation for the sake of national security.\n\nAlthough unlikely to make Nepal an industrial powerhouse, Padma's plan is likely to help actually build a modern economy in Nepal, and allow it to aid its Indian allies.
Realm of the Ranas
Ever since their military coup against queen regent Rajya Lakshmi and her husband King Rajendra, the Rana dynasty has ruled Nepal with an iron fist, crushing any attempts at opposition before it can manifest into a threat.\n\nNepal under the Ranas acts as a veritable shogunate in the Himalayas, a comparison that Nepal's leadership have not failed to recognise. The failed revolution against the regime has only strengthen their grip on Nepal, crushing all hopes by the enemies of the Ranas of their rule ending in the same way as the Tokugawa's.
Ever since their military coup against queen regent Rajya Lakshmi and her husband King Rajendra, the Rana dynasty has ruled Nepal with an iron fist, crushing any attempts at opposition before it can manifest into a threat.\n\nNepal under the Ranas acts as a veritable shogunate in the Himalayas, a comparison that Nepal's leadership have not failed to recognise, although with most believing they can avoid their regime suffering the same fate as the Tokugawa's. The gradual growth of anti-Rana opposition, aided heavily by the Indians, has begun to cast doubt on this optimism however...
The Long Road to Modernity
Although regarded as highly radical and deeply unpopular by other members of the Rana dynasty, Padma Shumsher's rather reserved industrialisation plan has been enforced upon Nepal by their backers in the Dominion of India, who have demanded Nepali industrialisation for the sake of national security.\n\nAlthough unlikely to make Nepal an industrial powerhouse, Padma's plan is likely to help actually build a modern economy in Nepal, and allow it to aid its Indian allies.
The New Nepalese Economy
Through great effort Nepal has managed to move past the stagnation of the Rana years, and has built an economy that is at least acceptable in the modern day if not exactly earthshattering. This is however hoped to just be the beginning, with decades of future economic growth yet to come.
State Initiatives
With the effective complete lack of any native capital to hope Nepal just begins industrialising on its own, the government has seen fit to kickstart Nepali industry through state funded efforts and government owned industries.
Unchallenged Autocracy
The defeat of the Mukti Sena has almost certainly destroyed any chance of Rana deposition for at least the next few decades, with an entire generation of revolutionaries dead or in exile. Nothing now stands in the way of their absolute rule.
National Restoration
The attempted revolution in Nepal may have achieved the downfall of absolute Rana rule, but also saw the restoration of royal authority rather than the more radical aims many of the Calcutta backed revolutionaries hoped for. The King now hopes to steer the Nepali nation clear of conflict and heal its deep divides, under his great authority and guidance.
Our Ruler Glorious
While operating through a national government comprised of those across the political spectrum, true power in Nepal lies now once again in the hands of the King, a dramatic change compared to his once powerless position, and one that is hoped will bring the nation past the years of Rana tyranny.
Constitution of the Revolution
With the people now in full control of the Nepali nation, the nation's first constitution is slowly being drafted and applied through interim laws. It is hoped that by the end of the decade a full version of the constitution will finally be passed, and Nepal can finish its full transition to a proper modern and free system.
The People's Kingdom
Through the strength and resolve of the Mukti Sena, and the great support of King Tribhuvan, Nepal has shaken off the tyrannical rule of the Rana dynasty. For the first time in Nepali history, the nation is ruled not by the elites, but by the common people.
Rule of the Mukti Sena
With support from Calcutta, the socialist Labour Swatantra Party have taken full power in Nepal, utilising military strength and revolutionary rhetoric to legitimise their position. Although unable to truly achieve many of the grand goals of socialism in a preindustrial nation, the LSP hopes that with enough support from the socialists of the world Nepal too will join them on the path to socialism.
First Citizen of Nepal
Although officially a republic, largescale support for the monarchy and Tribhuvan's own personal popularity in wake of his involvement in the revolution has made the complete dissolution of the institution rather untenable. As a compromise, the now former King has been granted a purely ceremonial position as the Rajya Pramukha (Chief of State), helping to placate the nation's many monarchists.
Surviving the Indian Nightmare
War in India has erupted once more, and the future of not only India hangs in the balance, with the outcome almost certainly set to shape Nepal's future as well. Nepali leadership now face the difficult task of steering the nation through this crisis, hoping to emerge free and in one piece by the end of it.
Crushing the Conspirators
With the help of [RAJ.GetNameDef], prime minister Juddha Rana has begun efforts to crush any attempted conspiracy against the Nepali state, hoping to swiftly deal with any planned insurrection.
Covert Support for the Mukti Sena
Although the Prime Minister has officially begun efforts to crush any opposition to the state, the King in his limited capacity has begun covertly aiding the rebels, hoping to bring an end to Rana tyranny.
Udyog Parishad
The Udyog Parishad, or in English simply the \
Nepal Government Railway
Plans for the creation of Nepal's first railway were drafted first in the early 20s, hoping to connect Nepal to India as a method for the Ranas to ship lumber for their own benefit. These plans were forcefully scrapped following the outbreak of civil war in India, but with the situation now much more stable, and the government to the south friendly enough, the project has been revived. Not wishing to stop there, the Nepali government has set out to build further railways throughout the nation, operating under the government's control.
Biratnagar Mills
Textiles are one of the most valuable industries a nation like Nepal has access to, with luxury garments and draperies always in high demand. To that end some of the nation's first factories have been established in Biratnagar, with the goal of producing textiles from cotton and jute, to both satisfy the needs of the well to do Nepali, and those abroad with the funds to purchase them.
Rooting Out the Traitors
For nearly a century the Rana dynasty has stood at the helm of the Kingdom of Nepal, though not a King by name, Prime Minister Juddha Shumsher Rana is the leader of this country. To stand against him is to stand against the state, to conspire against him is to conspire against Nepal.
Intelligence Cooperation with the LIB
The Lahore Intelligence Bureau, the intelligence agency of the Dominion of India, is one of the greatest of its kind in the East. There is a strong argument to be made that British rule in India would have long gone the way of the dodo without their excellent intelligence services, having always played a vital role in nipping insurrections in the bud well before the Bureau itself was even established. With their help, we should easily be able to do the same with our own insurrection.
Bribing the Weakest Links
Even with many of those rebelling against us being more affluent than the average Nepali, there are still countless amongst their ranks who are willing to do anything for a modest sum. By offering a sizable enough reward for those willing to dob in their fellow rebels, we should very quickly begin to see them turn on each other and spill all of their secrets to us.
Infiltrating the Praja Parishad
While the Calcutta trained socialists of the Mukti Sena are much more insular and harder to infiltrate, the larger Parishad is always willing to take on new members with very little caution, being almost solely focused on growing their movement. It would therefore be very simple for us to send in some men to pose as new members, letting us break them open from the inside.
The Fate of All Rebels
While we initially planned to keep the rebel leader Dashrath Chand Thakuri alive to torture him for information, and to act as a bargaining chip if needed, a rather public display of what fate awaits those who stand against the Prime Minister may be a better use for him. Let us ready the hangman's noose, and strike fear into the hearts of the traitors.
Countering Bharatiya Influence
Without constant support from their allies in the Republic, these rebels would be little more than a mild annoyance, rather than a genuine threat. Our priority must be to cut off as many of their potential avenues of support as possible, and once we have severed the veins the movement should begin to die along with it.
Isolating the King
Even with his lack of real power, the King still commands a great deal of respect in Nepali society, and it is almost an open secret at this point that he resents the power of the Prime Minister. He could very easily act as a great vector for support for our enemies, and as such until this rebellion is crushed we must limit his access to the outside world, as we cannot risk dangerous ideas being spread both to him and by him.
Back the Darjeeling Conspiracy
For nearly a century the corrupt autocrats of the Rana dynasty have kept a stranglehold on the politics of Nepal, crushing its people, usurping the power of its kings and keeping the whole country in a state of backwardness. If the people of Nepal are to have a future the reign of the Rana tyrants must come to an end.
Establishing Contacts Within the Army
While the Army answers to the Prime Minister like the rest of the government, the Nepalese Army is not a totally lost cause. Many surely resent the rule of the Ranas or hold loyalty to the hostage King Tribhuvan. By making contact with these forward thinking patriots within the army we can pave the way for the fall of the Ranas.
Cooperating with Exiled Ranas
While the Ranas have brought ruin to Nepal, not every Rana has our worst interests at heart. We may gain the upper hand by seeking the support of those spurned or exiled by their relatives in power.
Strengthening Ties with Calcutta
Our comrades in Calcutta carry great sympathy towards our cause and their support may be vital in supporting the Liberation Army. If we are to succeed in forcing the Ranas out we must deepen our ties with the People’s Republic.
Appeal to Hindu Unity
Ever since the great King Prithvi Narayan Shah declared Nepal to be Asal Hindustan, True India, in a show of defiance towards the Islamic Mughal emperors, Nepal has maintained a reputation as the last free bastion of Hinduism. There are many in India, not just within the Republic, who believe that the freedom of Nepal is vital to the defence of Hinduism against foreign influences; and although we may not share their radicalism on the issue, their support is certainly welcome.
Preparing Border Infiltration Efforts
We must sow the seeds of victory so that when the decisive moment arrives we will be fully prepared to deal a deadly blow to the Rana oppressors. To that end we are covertly moving supporters and allies across the border, gaining intel and well positioned assets to use at the right moment.
Training With the Republican Army
The Ranas will not be overthrown through a few sternly worded pamphlets, they must be removed by force, with the Prime Minister's himself being dealt with in a similar fashion. The priority of the Mukti Sena must be to train an army together with our Indian allies, and prepare for the inevitable war for the liberation of Nepal.
Sowing the Seeds for Democracy
While it is almost certain the Ranas will not simply step down on their own, and force will be required to remove them, we cannot forget that simply seizing power through force and the killing of political leaders is how the Ranas carved out their regime in the first place. Our priority must be to prepare for building a free Nepal after the Prime Minister has been deposed, not just how to depose him, as without such preparations we could easily fall back towards tyranny.
Limit the Spread of Propaganda
It seems a day does not go by where some newspaper from Lahore or Calcutta is distributed in Kathmandu, or a man with a Punjabi or Bengali accent begins to spread rumours to all those who will listen. These rather obvious attempts to sway Nepal must not be tolerated, and we will crack down upon it at every opportunity.
Request Restraint by All Factions
Although the current situation is far from perfect, the situation in Nepal will almost certainly get even worse if the Mukti Sena escalate their revolution or the Ranas get harsher in their attempted crackdown. We canot afford as a nation to be mired by bloodshed, and we must plea for restraint, even if it falls often on deaf ears
Defending Our Sovereignty
It is shameful that Nepal is being fought over as though it were simply a toy of great powers, rather than a proud nation in its own right. No one shall decide the politics of Nepal but Nepal itself, and we must prevent all outside attempts to influence things in favour of either side of this conflict if we do not wish to become a mere puppet state.
Put Faith in His Majesty
If there is one beacon of stability Nepal still has in this tumultuous time, it is his majesty King Tribhuvan Shah, and even if the nation is hit by chaos, we must have faith that the King's guidance will see us through to a brighter future.
Acquiring Indian Surplus
The conflict for India has proliferated significant stocks of excess military equipment and it is vital that we acquire as much as we are able to. What is surplus for others may be the difference between defeat and survival for Nepal.
Guarding the Prime Minister
As our country’s future depends upon the safety of its leader, their protection is paramount for the army. For this reason we will create an elite force, not only capable of standing directly between the leader and harm but also of defending the nation at its borders and if necessary striking into enemy territory.
Protecting Kathmandu
Should worst come to worst, it is vital that the capital and the surrounding Kathmandu Valley be defended from foreign invasion. These defences must not just be made up of the existing geographic barriers but also by strong manmade fortifications, made with an understanding of the methods and means of modern warfare.
Preparing for Tibetan Aggression
Despite past attempts to clarify the situation our border with Tibet remains ill defined and vulnerable in several key locations. While an attack from the north currently seems unlikely it is important that the government prepare for that eventuality should a northern neighbor seek a more forceful demarcation of the border.
When the Ganga Runs Red
With the resumption of war to our south Nepal’s future has never been more uncertain. Whether we enter the struggle for India directly or back our favored contender from a distance it is vital that we play an active role in determining who will dominate the future of the subcontinent.
Built Around an Elite Core
The future of the Nepalese Army depends on us building upon the elite traditions that made soldiers from Nepal renowned and feared across the world. Rather than upending what has clearly shown itself to be highly effective we will focus on ensuring that the whole Army of Nepal lives up to the reputation set by its best.
Favouring Flexibility
While our soldiers may be mighty in nature, we do have to recognise that we are unlikely to win against larger powers in a conventional battle. It is fortunate for us then however, that not all battles have to be conventional, and as such we should prepare our soldiers to operate in whatever situation they find themselves in, hopefully giving us the needed advantage against the unprepared.
Capitalising on Breakthroughs
With the elite nature of our finest soldiers, breaking through the enemies lines is certainly possible to accomplish, but these gains are rather meaningless if we do not know how to take advantage of it. Our soldiers must therefore be trained to quickly against disorganised forces, even if it does mean operating unconnected from our wider logistics networks.
Kafar Hunu Bhanda Marnu Ramro
\
Invest in Mountaineering Gear
Although many of our men are familiar with operating in Nepal's mountainous regions, even the most expert mountaineer will perform poorly in these conditions without the proper equipment. It is vital therefore that our men are provided with the best we can get our hands on, after all we cannot expect them to traverse mountainous terrain with just their bare hands and courage now can we?
Specialise the Doctrines
Nepali soldiers are unlikely to find themselves storming the beaches of Dorset or fighting through the Yucatán moist forests, and so there is little reason to spend time training them for the countless situations they'll probably never encounter. Instead our focus should be for preparing them for fighting in the hills and mountains that make up much of the immediate region, and simply letting our allies handle the rest.
Modernising the [NEP_loc_army_name]
While Nepalese soldiers have a fearsome reputation our army as a whole is woefully behind the times in structure, in equipment and in doctrine. To build an army that plays to Nepal’s strengths we must first build an army that is capable of facing modern challenges and modern opponents on the battlefield.
The Guns of a Modern Age
Artillery has long held an irreplaceable role in warfare, with its importance only growing with time, yet even today you'll struggle to find enough Nepalese soldiers familiar enough with the equipment to build a battalion. If we wish to modernise the army, acquiring artillery for our troops, and training them how to use it, must be our first priority.
Expand the Labour Corp
While the Nepali army certainly has soldiers that could fall under the classification of engineers or sappers, it would be almost embarrassing to compare them to the proper engineering companies of the great powers of the world. Still even with their inexperience, these men can easily serve as a perfect foundation to build a new and expanded Labour Corp that may one day find itself on par with them.
Copying Indian Tactics
The Indian Revolution taught many how a war with modern equipment would be fought in India, and as such the Indian armies quickly began to formulate new doctrines based upon their experiences. Instead of trying to develop ideas on how we would fight in India on our own, it would be much easier to simply take inspiration from them instead, as they've already done the hard work for us.
Utilise Contemporary Planning Methods
Warfare being so multifaceted these days has rather complicated traditional methods of planning battles, and we cannot expect to still win with tactics developed when the largest thing you'd see flying above a battlefield is a hungry vulture. A great effort must be put into modernising our methods, potentially along the lines of our Indian neighbours, from whom we are already gleaning significant knowledge.
Capitalise on Volunteer Eagerness
If there is one area that Nepal does not lack, it is men willing to pick up a rifle and go to the frontlines. In both 1914 and 1925, thousands of Nepali men left the country to fight for our British allies with very little prodding, and such enthusiasm is still widespread throughout the nation, something we should prepare to capitalise on for expanding the army.
Implementation of Conscription
Even with many Nepali men being willing to sign up for the armed forces with little prodding, the deteriorating situation in the region means that even these volunteers are likely not enough to defend the nation if it were under threat. We should therefore move to implementing a system of conscription to ensure national security.
Invest in Nakhu Rifle Workshops
Nepal has never been known for its production of firearms, but quite a few attempts at producing rifles of our own were carried out by the late Gehendra Shumsher Rana in Nakhu. While not exactly impressive, the leftover equipment used for these operations is certainly better than nothing for reviving rifle production efforts, and so should be used as our starting point.
Training From Foreign Advisors
Whether one becomes an office in the Nepali army has often come down to the question \
Inviting Air Instructors
While the well off in Nepal have certainly heard of the existence of airplanes, there are very few in the country who can actually attest to their existence. As such, attempting to build any level of air force is certainly going to be a tall order that is going to be almost entirely reliant on outside experts and pilots. Perhaps with their support, we may be able to get a few planes of our own into the sky one day.
Protection of Nepalese Independence
Rather than simply being subjugated by a more powerful neighbour, Nepal has stood firm against foreign control, while successfully escaping the tyranny of the Ranas. Such freedom should not be taken as a given however, and we must ensure that we are never in a position to be subjugated ever again.
Resolving the Bhutan Conflict
Excluding the few decades where the British prevented them from doing so, much of Bhutanese history has involved violent raids against its neighbours, especially the former Kingdom of Sikkim. As a result of the Indian revolution we secured control of Sikkim, angering the Bhutanese, who have raided us ever since. It is time to seek revenge for these raids, and potentially liberate the Nepali minority Bhutan so brutally represses.
Integration of the Frontiers
Intended officially as a temporary arrangement, the border regions of Uttaranchal and Darjeeling have been manned for the British by Nepali troops since the uprising in India began. With our intention now to be to break away from foreign control of any kind, it would be prudent to simply maintain our control of these regions. After all of course, these lands were once Nepali, having simply been stolen from us by British conquests, and so it is our right to own them.
Punishing Tibetan Insolence
The Tibetans have long been an insolent people, frequently treating us as though they are our betters, making ludicrous demands of us and oppressing our people. A few short years ago their brutual murder of Nepali citizens almost led to a war between us, prevented only by fears of intervention by Calcutta or Beijing, but with both now less of a concern it is finally time to put the Tibetans in their place.
Reaffirm the Friendship Treaty
With the Dominion's support being vital to our survival, and our nation once again firmly back in the British sphere, we should seek to resign the friendship treaty we reached with Britain, but now instead with our friends in [RAJ.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. This treaty was first signed before the Indians lacked their current independence, and as such it is important to recognise its continuity with the Dominion separately from the British, simply as a symbolic gesture of our strong bonds if nothing else.
Uphold Gurkha Commitments
Nepalese troops, operating in British Gurkha battalions, were fundamental to the survival of British rule during the Indian Revolution, and they are likely to remain as such as long as the Dominion continues to exist. To repay their support in stopping our own revolution, we should make sure men are still sent to aid our Indian friends, and acquire the materiel needed to keep them trained for future endeavours.
Technological Exchange with the Dominion
Our alliance with the Dominion represents a great opportunity for the transfer of knowledge between our two nations, with foreign industrial experts and modern technological breakthroughs now being at our fingertips. Such an opportunity, regardless of our reluctance to fully industrialise the nation, should not simply be ignored, and so we should seek to capitalise on it posthaste.
[NEP_HND_or_PRF]
Under the Wings of the Republic
Seek Accommodation with the Federation
Without support from the Indians, it is likely that the Mukti Sena would have been crushed, and Nepal would have suffered under the oppression of the Ranas forevermore. We will never forget the great gift of freedom the Indians have provided to us, and we should seek to publicly recognise the vital role they played to show our gratitude.
Seek Indian Economic Aid
Industrialising Nepal shall be no easy task, and attempting to handle it solely by ourselves is unlikely to achieve fast or effective results. It is lucky then that our new friends to the south have such a strong industry to aid us with, even with the destruction of the civil war. With their help, Nepal may be able to one day call itself a truly modern nation.
Acquire Blueprints from Ishapore
Established first by the British and expanded greatly after its capture by [HND.GetNameDef], Ishapore is potentially one of the most productive rifle factories in all of Asia, and as such has the capacity to produce a large number of firearms. If we wish to produce guns more fitting of the 20th century, rather than modified Martini Henries that most of our troops still utilise, there's no place better to get the blueprints than Ishapore.
Renegotiate Defence Obligations
With the civil war in India now over, and our ally having emerged victorious against their barbarous rivals, the current level of Indian military presence in Nepal is no longer needed, and as such we are free to push for a greater deal of independence from their influence. Let us hope that our allies agree with this sentiment, and allow us to operate once again as a free nation.
The Padma Shumsher Economic Plan
In spite of opposition to the concept from the Prime Minister, as well as many major dynasty members, the Dominion has demanded that we begin to industrialise for the sake of security of both our nations. They have backed the ideas of senior member Padma Shumsher Rana, whose radical ideas have put him at odds with much of the government, but are likely to achieve what the Dominion demands of us.
Implement the Company Act
It is unlikely that Nepali industry will begin itself without government intervention, as few in the nation whose name does not end with \
Importing Displaced Indian Workers
Years of conflict in India have left many displaced and desperate, making a rather perfect group of employees for our blossoming industries. Many of these people will have experience working in factories already, and by hiring them we can also avoid empowering the average Nepali citizen any further than we have to.
Ensure Defence of the Regime
Despite our best efforts, it is likely that we may face a repeat of the recent uprising in the future, and it is uncertain that we can continue to rely on other nations to produce the arms needed to defeat any further insurrection. We must therefore revive prior efforts to produce guns locally, even if they may be somewhat lacking compared to what can be acquired elsewhere.
Place Limits on Tax Skimming
Despite voracious opposition to the idea by his dynasty members, Padma Shumsher has declared his desire to reduce the amount of money funnelled away from the state to fund the many whims of the Ranas. With his backing by the Dominion, there is little we can do to stop such tyranny.
Cotton and Jute Mills in Biratnagar
The city of Biratnagar, located in the flat lands of the Terai, is the perfect place for the nation's first big industrial projects. We should seek to establish major jute and cotton mills here, as its closeness to the Indian border means that products made in these factories such as twine, jute sacks, and clothing can easily be exported to our wealthy neighbour.
Expanding the Industrial Council
The Udyog Parishad, the Industrial Council, represents one of the few previous attempts by Juddha Rana to entertain the idea of industrialisation. It was established as a way to direct funding towards any industrialisation efforts, primarily aiming to expand elements such as the logging industry his family members profit significantly from. It will now serve as the perfect foundations for furthering the growth of other key national industries.
Furthering Thoshe Mining Efforts
The Thoshe mine in Ramechhap is one of the largest for iron in the country, although extraction has slowed down significantly in recent years. Local access to iron for steel is likely to be extremely important in industrialisation however, and as such we should ensure that these mining efforts not only resume but we must also oversee their major expansion.
Bringing Nepal Into the Industrial Age
Nepal as a nation has long had the capacity to become an industrial power, but as a result of Rana misrule it finds itself centuries behind its neighbours. The government's primary priority once it has stabilised itself should be to reverse course, and finally set Nepal on the path of industrialisation and economic growth.
Beginning the Five Year Plan
The concept of year long economic plans has become rather common place in recent years as solutions to economic backwardness. These ideas find themselves commonplace across the border in India, and have slowly begun to take hold amongst members of the government in Kathmandu. With their arguments winning out, Nepal is now set to begin a five year plan of its own, by the end of which industrialisation should be achieved.
Inviting Indian Investors
The Nepali economic is unlikely to grow entirely on its own, and it shouldn't really be expected to do so. Many across the border in India are almost salivating at the thought of building a name for themselves through investing in Nepal's blossoming industry, and we should capitalise on such enthusiasm to further our growth.
Utilising Our Natural Beauty
Although set back by the Indian Revolution, Nepal has begun to develop somewhat of a name for itself amongst many foreigners in regards to its natural beauty. There are countless rich men and women who will pay fortunes to be able to climb our mountains and experience our culture, and there is little reason to deny such visitors the opportunity to provide us with their wealth.
Growing the Pashmina Industry
While the wool of cashmere goats is associated so heavily with Kashmir, to the point of being named after the region, the pashmina products produced with it are frequently made in Nepal as well. For years Nepali pashmina has found itself worn even as far away as the glamorous New York city in America, and despite their civil war there is still a high demand both there and worldwide for these luxury products; one we should seek to fill as much as we can.
Towards a National Highway Network
While the Postal Highway project started by the Ranas is certainly a fantastic starting point, we must dream bigger and seek to connect the entire nation together through a grand network of highways. Although unlikely to be completed any time soon, even the most basic of developments is likely to repeat major short term benefits for the nation.
Adopting Modern Irrigation Methods
Irrigation is vital to crop growth, and while the rest of the world has begun to move away from the days where a lack of rain could cripple a country, many regions of Nepal find themselves still at risk of drought inflicted hunger. We must seek to improve our irrigation networks, in hopes that one day not a single person in Nepal will be able to tell you what boiled grass tastes like.
Ramp Up National Exports
The future of Nepal's economy must become one where we benefit greatly from exports of products ranging from raw metals all the way up to intricately produced garments and timer products. We must ramp up the production across all industries as much as we can, while similarly seeking new markets to sell these goods in, and in time the whole nation will likely begin to benefit.
Paving the Postal Highway
The Postal Highway project was initiated at the start of the decade, with the goal of having one continuous road run along the entire southern border of the country, primarily focused on postal delivery as the name implies. Much of this project still remains unfinished however, and it should be a national priority to further its development with the government now much more stable.
Revive the Government Railway Plan
Plans for the first railway in Nepal, which aimed to connect local logging industries near the border to buyers in India, were completely scuppered by the Indian revolution. With the situation in both India and Nepal stable enough, these plans should be revived as the foundations of rail transport in Nepal.
Connecting to the Frontier
Although Nepali troops may control many of its frontier regions, they act rather autonomously from the capital owing to how hard it is to reach them from Kathmandu. With our recent foray into rail infrastructure, it would be prudent to attempt to build railways connecting to the frontier to further our reach.
Bringing in Foreign Experts
Technological development is vital to a growing economy, and yet Nepal finds itself rather lacking in anyone to actually lead such development. We should therefore seek to invite those from across the world, willing to work for a tidy government salary, to lead our development efforts into the future.
Constructing the Sundarijal Station
For quite a few years now plans have been put in place to construct a hydroelectric plant of some kind at the source of the Bagmati river in Sundarijal. A small gravity dam in this location will be perfect for providing electricity to Kathmandu, and with the recent growth in industrial capacity we are at last in a position to actually construct such a station.
Regency of the Ranas
Though beset by enemies from without and traitors from within, the Rana government has survived. The socialist rabble of the Mukti Sena have been broken and flee back to their masters in Calcutta, along with the traitor King. Having come so close to the brink it is only natural that the guiding hand of the Prime Minister should tighten its grip to prevent a repeat of this disaster.
Replacing the Rebellious Ruler
With the Ingrate King Tribhuvan fleeing the country along with much of his family the Regent is left with the dilemma of serving at the nominal behest of a vacant throne. For the sake of ensuring the realms stability and the continuity of the Rana government we must quickly find a candidate with a valid claim, who also understands who truly holds the reigns.
Purge the Army of Royalists
Although we succeeded in fending off the threat of a royalist restoration for the moment much of the army remains dedicated to the defeated King and the royal house. Since we cannot eliminate the monarchy entirely we must ensure that the army does not become a bastion for any fools hoping to repeat the example of the former King Tribhuvan.
Furthering Control of Village Courts
Across Nepal much of the day to day governance is handled by local bodies whose interests and concerns are similarly local. By increasing our hand in these bodies we can ensure that the desires and needs of the government are truly felt across the nation and known to the people.
Ramp Up Revenue Extraction
It is clear we have been too good to the average citizen, as they gain wealth while the state struggles to fund itself. We must solve this injustice by increasing taxes wherever possible, with the malgujari land tax being certainly a perfect candidate for such an increase. While the peasants will of course object, we have never listened to their say on such matters, and we do not intend to start doing so now.
Developing a Moral Education System
If the defeated threat of the Mukti Sena has shown anything it is that a great deal of Nepal is frightfully open to preaching of scoundrels infected with absurd foreign ideologies. For the future of the nation the next generation must grow up with a proper understanding of their place in the world and the wisdom of their leaders.
Harness Gorkha Nationalist Rhetoric
There is a slow growing belief amongst some of the more junior members of the dynasty that in order for Rana rule to continue long term, we will need to convince the average Nepali we are working for their interests. It has been suggested therefore we attempt to coopt the growing nationalist movement, found both here and across the border, styling the Ranas as ardent supporters of Gorkha nationalism against foreign domination.
Empowerment of the Council of Ministers
With the replacement of the King the executive branch is now under our total control, with the Prime Minister and his cabinet steering the ship of state unopposed. To cement this change the Council of Ministers must be given greater leeway to shape the nation’s future course.
Remove Vestiges of Royal Authority
While King Samarayja understands his position there is no guarantee that future Kings will not make foolish and hasty decisions. In order to protect the dignity of the royal house we must make it clear that the nominal powers that Kings once held in Nepal are now held by the Prime Minister and his loyal government. This nation answers to the Ranas and nothing will ever change that.
Reorganise Decaying Ministries
While we have already cleared Nepal's institutions of its enemies there remains much waste and fruitless effort within the government that can be eliminated. Additionally we can use this opportunity to reward those who remained loyal and punish those who chose to do nothing in our hour of need, even if they never stood against us.
Establish a Controlled Legislature
Having plainly displayed their mastery over the state the gracious Prime Minister is prepared to grant his subjects the gift of representation, with the most capable and loyal being selected from across the nation to assist our wise rulers in governing. Truly the Ranas are the most generous of rulers.
Absolute Power of the Prime Minister
A ship needs one captain and a nation one leader, to serve the ship of state is to act with absolute obedience to the will of the Prime Minister. The Ranas have ruled in this fashion for almost a century to now and will rule in this fashion for a century more, now without the need to disguise or dilute their power by concession to the weak and unworthy. The Ranas are Nepal and to deny this is to deny reality.
Our Ruler Glorious
A hundred years of usurpation has been brought to an end by the hand of our glorious King Tribhuvan! Transforming the Dominion and Republic’s attempts to turn Nepal into a weapon against the other into a powerful tool to gain the support of elements of both the Mukti Sena and the Rana government, the King is once more at the forefront of Nepal’s politics and government.
His Majesty's Loyal Government
With the King’s restoration, Nepal now stands truly independent, not under the iron fist of a corrupt Rana tyrant who bends the knee to the British, nor under radical socialists, beholden to the government in Calcutta but truly its own country. We must move quickly to take advantage of this situation and establish a government loyal to the King and his designs for the country.
Restoring Power to the Sovereign
Under the Ranas the King became a mere symbol through which they maintained control over the country. With a government finally loyal to the King we will rebuild the practical authority of Nepal’s sovereign to govern.
Compromise with the Ranas
While the years of Rana rule were regrettable, individual Ranas remain as capable and influential figures that we would be foolish to ignore. With the looming threat of socialism it will not be difficult to make the concessions necessary to bring remnants of the old order into our service.
Empowering Local Councils
The King is only one man and the government can only be so extensive in a country like ours. Empowering local councils to handle their own concerns will allow the King and his government to focus more on national priorities while also creating a sense of responsive government.
A State that Serves Its People
For too long the state has been administered as though its purpose is to secure the benefit of a few powerful figures, to the ruin of all others. Now empowered, King Tribhuvan, in his great wisdom, understands that the duty of the state and of its rulers is to see to the wellbeing of its peple and works tirelessly in that spirit.
Ensure Royal Control of the Army
Now that the period of symbolic rule is over it is crucial that the King reestablish direct royal authority over the military. Under no circumstances can a future usurper be allowed to use the forces meant to protect the Kingdom for its destruction.
Forming an Elected Assembly
The most important priority in stabilising Nepal is giving the people a voice. It is only by working with and for the people and their legitimate representatives that we can bring Nepal out of the tyranny of Rana misrule.
Royally Appointed Bharadari Sabha
While we have made significant concessions to popular rule it is in the best interests of the Kingdom that any popularly elected assembly should be kept in check to prevent the outbreak of mob rule. For this purpose we will create an appointed upper house of the legislature, staffed by people chosen by the King for their competence and wisdom.
Prioritise the Need for Education
For Nepal to have a bright future its people must be ready to deal with the challenges of the modern world. The core of achieving such a prepared population is education, equipping the populous with knowledge and skills that will serve them and Nepal for years to come.
Under the Courageous Sovereign
While others sought to take power by turning to outsiders only the King had the courage to rise to the occasion rather than kneel before those who see Nepal as a means towards their own ends. The restoration has laid the groundwork for Nepal to enter an age of prosperity and security on its own terms.
The Unshackling of Nepal
At last Rana tyrants have been overthrown, the Mukti Sena have taken the capital, and the nation can finally look forward instead of backwards. For the first time in many years the future of Nepal is a bright one, led not by one man but by the people.
Formation of the Interim Government
The success of our revolution belongs as much to the monarchy as it does to the socialists and the people still stand with their King in the face of an uncertain future. With some remaining stubborn to this reality it falls on the Parishad to take a leading role alongside the King in Nepal’s transition to Democracy.
A Democratic Maha Sabha
Following the bicameral model of other democratic countries Nepal will establish an upper chamber to its legislature, selected by the people. This upper chamber will provide a check on the power of the lower chamber and work with it and the King to govern the nation.
Honour the Legacy of the Martyrs
All those who died in pursuit of a brighter future, all those who fought and perished in the battle to end Rana tyranny, all those who have died for Nepal will be honored for their heroism and sacrifice so that future generations may know to look to them as an example.
Uplift Nepal Into the 20th Century
The future of Nepal lies with the course set down by the Praja Parishad. With joining the modern world, building wealth and honoring religion, making Nepal one of the advanced countries of the world, and making the pride of the people in their country echo in every direction for thousands of years.
Loyalty to the Liberators
Nepal’s revolution would not have been possible without the support of our friends in Calcutta. In our darkest hour, when the cold grip of the Ranas seemed a fact of life for Nepal, they sheltered and supported the Mukti Sena and nurtured Nepal’s freedom. While the Parishad is certainly more amenable to the King than the socialists, it is clear that Kathmandu’s future lies with Calcutta.
The Monarchy Problem
In dealing with the monarchy we find ourselves caught between our principles, our allies and the realities of the coalition which brought us to power in the first place. Sooner rather than later we will be forced to decide if the King has any place at all in the future of Nepal.
Dethrone the Landlords
The first priority of the socialist revolution in any predominantly rural country is taking control over the land away from landlords and aristocrats. Granting land to the tiller not only breaks the powerbase of a reactionary class it also earns the loyalty and support of the Kisan who stand to gain greatly from the abolition of their masters.
Research Support From India
Though our ambitions lay with the modern world, for now Nepal remains woefully behind the times. In rectifying this our own efforts must be paired with the full cooperation and support of our allies in Calcutta. Only then can Nepal begin to aim for a place in modernity.
Glorify the Kisan
If the glory of the nation belongs to any it is not to the individual, living or dead, but to the downtrodden class whose wealth has built the palaces of aristocrats and whose produce has fed the armies of princes and kings. It is the Kisan who serve as the foundation and pillars of Nepal and the Kisan for whom we will build Nepal’s future.
The Land of Red Mountains
What only a short time ago would have seemed impossible has come to pass. The vestiges of feudalism and reaction have fallen across the mountains and valleys of Nepal, replaced by the brilliant banners of socialism and modernity, flying high overhead and dyeing the land beneath in brilliant red.
Sweep Away the Ranas' Greed
With the establishment of a new government the time has come to do away with the last remnants of the corruption and nepotism of the Ranas which have stolen so much from Nepal. The age of kleptocracy which impoverished the nation will be swept away, never to return.
Developing Panchayat Self Governance
In seeking a blueprint for Nepal's future we have the great fortune to share one of the oldest systems of local self government in the world and one that fits with our democratic principles. Developing and empowering this system will not only allow us to modernize local government but also to gain the support and cooperation of trusted local institutions.
Establishment of the Pradhan Nyayalaya
For the construction of a democratic future the independence of a judiciary is a vital step. By creating a responsible Pradhan Nyayalaya we ensure that the law is beyond weaponization by partisan leaders and would be tyrants.
Protection of Fundamental Principles
Without the principles of justice and human dignity that drove us, the revolution for which we fought against the Ranas is an empty grab for power. It is therefore our highest duty as participants in the revolution to follow and defend these fundamental principles from any attack and to construct which will protect them in turn.
Nepal
Nepali
Nepal
Asal Hindustan
Hindustani
Asal Hindustan
GFX_NEP_intro
The Kingdom of Nepal
The Kingdom of Nepal, unified by the great Prithvi Narayan Shah, has long found itself a rather unique state compared to its nearby neighbours. Although subjugated by the British like its Indian counterparts, it still managed to maintain a great deal of autonomy owing in large part to the well renowned voracity and bravery of its troops as well as an intentional policy of isolationism. This autonomy would even see official recognition by Britain of its independence in 1923, becoming the second state in the region to achieve such a feat, and the first to do so through diplomacy unlike Afghanistan.\n\nNepal's governance has also long set it apart from its neighbours, as although the kingdom may on paper be ruled by the Shah dynasty who founded it, for almost a century now the nation has been ruled by the Rana dynasty through a hereditary dictatorship. Functioning much like the Japanese Shogunates, the Ranas truly rule Nepal through the office of Prime Minister, with the king acting as a highly respected figurehead who simply rubber stamps their orders. Although Rana rule is much resented, both by the general population and the King himself; their policies of brutal repression, economic stagnation, and steadfast mutual support with Britain has historically seen all opposition to their rule snuffed out almost as soon as it began.\n\nWhen chaos erupted in India with the outbreak of their Revolution, Nepal quickly found itself embroiled in the conflict in support of their British allies. Although Nepal was not a direct battlefield itself, thousands of Gorkha troops were sent to fight directly under the British, as well as those under the Prime Minister's command being sent to defend the border regions where they remain to this day. The failure to defeat the rebels, alongside the collapse of their primary ally, has left the Nepali state in a very precarious position, with the government in Calcutta openly hostile to the Rana regime. With support from [HND.GetNameDef], anti-Rana rebels, chiefly the Nepal Praja Parishad, have begun to form in the years since the ceasefire, with hopes of overthrowing the Ranas and establishing a free nation aligned with Calcutta. Only time will tell whether their dreams will come true, or whether the Ranas and their British allies will crush both of their enemies and further cement the Prime Minister's iron fisted rule.
§MRana Regency§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot When the Darjeeling Conspiracy ends, have the Dominion backed government win by having 25 or more points than the rebels.\n£white_dot You will begin as a puppet but will be able to become an independent Entente member with the §Y$NEP_renegotiate_defence_obligations$§! focus.\n\n§MRoyal Restoration§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot When the Darjeeling Conspiracy ends, have neither side have 25 or more points than the other.\n£white_dot Completing the §Y$NEP_protection_of_nepalese_independence$§! focus will grant the ability to join the Co-Prosperity Sphere if you border a member, or any faction the Princely Federation becomes a part of.\n\n§MThe Unshackling of Nepal§! ($social_liberal_coloured$ / $radical_socialist_coloured$ / $syndicalist_coloured$ / $totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot When the Darjeeling Conspiracy ends, have have the Bharatiya backed rebels win by having 25 or more points than the government.\n£white_dot A subsequent event will allow you to pick between the $social_liberal_coloured$ Nepal Praja Parishad, or the $radical_socialist_coloured$ Labour Swatantra Party.\n£white_dot The LSP will subsequently be able to turn $syndicalist_coloured$ or $totalist_coloured$ via decision if [HND.GetNameDef] has chosen either of these options following the §Y$HND_first_united_congress$§! focus.\n£white_dot The LSP will begin as a puppet, but will be able to become an independent ally of [HND.GetNameDef] through the §Y$NEP_renegotiate_defence_obligations$§! focus, while for the Parishad completing the §Y$NEP_under_the_wings_of_the_republic$§! focus will grant the ability to join any faction the Princely Federation becomes a part of.
For almost a century Nepal has been ruled by the iron fist of the Rana dynasty, crushing all dissent and turning the nation's monarchy into little more than a puppet institution. Even in the aftermath of the Indian revolution, the steady hand of the Rana prime ministers saw it avoid a similar fate to their British allies, with any potential opposition swiftly dealt with.\n\nHowever with mounting tensions in India, and the neighbouring Republic in Calcutta preparing for its return to the warpath, it is beginning to seem like the Ranas may be set to face their largest threat yet.
Hold Out Against India
Defeat Nepal
Defeat [From.GetNameDef]
Conquer Bhutan
$NEP_resolving_the_bhutan_conflict_desc$
Punish Tibet
$NEP_punishing_tibetan_insolence_desc$
Follow the [HND.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Line
As a preindustrial nation with no real socialist movement of our own, the Labour Swatantra Party acts less as a force in its own right and more just a local arm of the government in [HND.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. To that end, with the recent ideological shifts in India, it would be prudent to ensure we are fully aligned with the Republic's current leadership.
[NEP_loc_conspiracy_name]
[NEP_loc_conspiracy_desc]
The Darjeeling Conspiracy
Revolution now brews in Nepal, with the anti-Rana opposition having coalesced together into the Mukti Sena \
Revolution in Nepal
Now that preparations for Operation Thunder now firmly underway, our support for the anti-Rana opposition in Nepal provides us a perfect opportunity to snatch away one of the few states still friendly to the occupiers in Lahore before the invasion begins. We should ensure that when the Mukti Sena finally make their move against the Ranas, they have enough allies, guns, and training to succeed. Once Nepal has been liberated, the rest of the subcontinent is sure to quickly follow.$NEP_the_darjeeling_conspiracy_category_desc_info$
Our Interests in Nepal
The bandits that occupy much of our nation are clearly not content in just ruining India, now they wish to bring chaos and anarchy to Nepal as well. Our ally in Nepal, the honourable Prime Minister Juddha Shumsher Rana, stands firm against these rebels, but without our help it is likely he'll find himself laying stiff in the ground instead. We cannot allow this to happen, and we must crush these rebels, and hopefully Nepal will find itself returning the favour when Calcutta inevitably attempts an attack against us.$NEP_the_darjeeling_conspiracy_category_desc_info$
\n\n[HND.GetFlag] Strength of Bharatiya backed rebels: [?NEP.NEP_conspiracy_influence_var_@HND|Y0]\n[RAJ.GetFlag] Strength of the Dominion backed government: [?NEP.NEP_conspiracy_influence_var_@RAJ|Y0]\nIf one side has §G25 or more points above the other§!, Nepal will align with them once the mission concludes, else it is likely to stay neutral.\n\nAt the current influence levels, it is likely that:\n[NEP_conspiracy_winning_check]
The Darjeeling Conspiracy
Once they have gathered enough strength, the Mukti Sena will make their move against the Rana dynasty. One way or another, the future of Nepal will soon be decided. 
§l[HND.GetFlag] The rebels will successfully oust the Ranas.§!
§P[RAJ.GetFlag] The Prime Minister will defeat the rebels.§!
§g[NEP.GetFlag] The army may intervene to prevent anarchy.§!
[NEP_loc_weaken_HND_influence_name]
Counteract the Republic's Dominance
Move Against the Rebels
[NEP_loc_weaken_HND_influence_desc]
While we are reliant upon Calcutta for support against the Ranas, if we allow their influence to grow too strong we are likely to just become nothing more than a Bharatiya puppet. We must stress out independence to prevent such an outcome.
The rebels cannot be allowed to grow in strength, and although we are unlikely to wipe them out with just a few raids, we must strike against them at any opportunity to hopefully whittle down their strength in the long run.
[NEP_loc_weaken_RAJ_influence_name]
Sow Dissent in the Government's Ranks
Reduce Reliance Upon the Dominion
[NEP_loc_weaken_RAJ_influence_desc]
The Rana dynasty is not a united front, as demonstrated by its many internal disputes and especially by the number of Ranas that compose our ranks who wish to see the end to their family's tyranny. With a few choice words slipped into their ears, we can easily bring them down through infighting.
While we are reliant upon Lahore for support against the Mukti Sena, if we allow their influence to grow too strong we are likely to just become nothing more than an Indian puppet. We must stress out independence to prevent such an outcome.
[NEP_loc_increase_HND_influence_name]
Backing the Praja Parishad
Winning Over Royal Officers
Scale Back Policing
[NEP_loc_increase_HND_influence_desc]
The Nepal Praja Parishad represent the more civilianly minded side of the rebellion against the Ranas, and are vital in winning over much of the population who despise the Ranas but are apprehensive of radicalism. We must further our support for their growth if we wish for their rebellion to succeed.
Although they may currently serve the Ranas through their actions, many of the non-Rana officers in the army hold true loyalty to the King above all else. By convincing them that ousting the Ranas will be in the King's interest, they are likely to fall in line with the revolution.
Even with the rebellion brewing we cannot be expected to live in a permanent state of fear. There is little reason to continue with daily raids of anywhere suspected of housing a rebel, if nothing else it is simply not worth the cost that could instead go towards a brand new automobile for the Prime Minister or other such purchase.
[NEP_loc_increase_RAJ_influence_name]
Send Funds to Juddha Rana
Limit Group Meetings
Cement Army Loyalties
[NEP_loc_increase_RAJ_influence_desc]
If the Nepali Prime Minister is to battle against these rebels, he will need the funds to purchase weapons, equipment, and employ further guards and soldiers. With enough of a surplus to spare, we should provide funds to aid him further in these matters.
Despite effective organisation being vital to a successful revolution, we put ourselves at risk of arrest every time we meet to plan out future actions. It would be prudent to reduce the amount of meetings we hold for now where possible, to avoid such arrests.
The rebels cannot win against Nepal as long as the army is on the side of the Prime Minister, and unfortunately many worry that when the time comes they will be the ones to shoot him in the back. This cannot be allowed to happen, and we must ensure that the army stays loyal however we can.
[NEP_india_send_guns_name]
Arming the Mukti Sena
Aid Nepal's Security Forces
[NEP_india_send_guns_desc]
When the time comes for their revolt, our allies will need as many guns as they can physically carry. With few ways to acquire those firearms in Nepal itself, we must provide them this equipment instead.
The men Nepal use as a security force are often times more poorly equipped than the average police officer in Lahore, and yet are expected to defeat an armed rebellion. We must send them whatever guns we can spare, so they actually stand a chance against rebels armed by Calcutta.
[NEP_india_command_power_name]
Training LSP Revolutionaries
Increase LIB Operations in Kathmandu
[NEP_india_command_power_desc]
While the Parishad are certainly useful to us, when the time comes we can hardly see a bunch of middle class intellectuals storming Kathmandu. The more ardent forces amongst the Labour Swatantra Party are a much better bet for getting things done, and we should further train them in preparation for the uprising.
The Lahore Intelligence Bureau represent some of the finest spies in all of Asia, and without them the Republic would have probably caused 29 different rebellions this year alone. If anyone can stop the rebels in Nepal, it is them, and so we should send more agents to Kathmandu to assist Juddha Rana.
[NEP_loc_join_faction]
Align with [FROM.GetNameDef]
Assert the Mantle of Asal Hindustan
When the great Prithvi Narayan Shah unified Nepal, he proclaimed our realm Asal Hindustan, the real Hindustan, for the rest of the subcontinent had been occupied by Mughal invaders. While few took his claim as little more than nationalist bravado, we stand now as undisputed rulers of all of Hindustan, and we will ensure the world knows of our right to rule it.
Surviving the Indian Nightmare
Pilfer the Depots
We are in desperate need of rifles, and fortunately for us our army rarely throws out or sells old equipment, simply putting it into storage just in case. Many of these guns are no longer functional, or are so outdated they might as well be non-functional, but we should be able to scrounge together enough to further arm our troops.
Emergency Military Production
What little we have in terms of industry can potentially be repurposed into producing uniforms, ammunition, and other such equipment our army desperately needs. It will of course limit our ability to produce anything else, but for now little else matters.
Retreat to [323.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Our enemies have broken through the frontline and have begun to occupy parts of Nepal. Retreating to the capital and bunkering down may be our best option at this stage, and hope that failed attacks against it will give us the opportunity to counter attack.
Fortify [814.GetName]
The mountains and hills of [814.GetName] provide a significant defensive advantage all on their own, but it is likely not enough to fully protect Nepal proper from a determined army. We should see to the construction of fortifications in the region, so that we can keep the fighting away from the heartlands.
Fortify [887.GetName]
[887.GetName] represents a vitally important logistical hub for our troops operating in the east, especially as it serves as the only real connection to [888.GetName] and other eastern regions. We need to ensure through the construction of further fortifications that [887.GetName] does not fall.
The King has formed a National Government.
The anti-Rana revolution has failed.
Juddha Rana has been overthrown.
The Nepal Praja Parishad have taken power.
The Labour Swatantra Party has been installed.
M.P. Koirala has resigned.
Enables Decision: £decision_icon_small §YAlign with [PRF.GetNameDef]§!
creates or joins a faction, Nepal will join it alongside them.
§YIf [RAJ.GetNameDef] $NEP_will_join$§!
§YIf [HND.GetNameDef] $NEP_will_join$§!
§YIf [PRF.GetNameDef] creates or joins a faction, Nepal can join it alongside them.§!
§YIf we create or join a faction, Nepal will join alongside us.§!
The LSP will realign towards §RRadical Socialism§!.
The LSP will realign towards §rSyndicalism§!.
The LSP will realign towards §oTotalism§!.
§YThis spirit will be removed once India has reunified.§!
§YThis spirit will be removed if we become allied to any Indian government.§!
(§Y[RAJ.GetNameWithFlag]§!) $volunteer_limit_plus_one_tt$
(§Y[PRF.GetNameWithFlag]§!) $volunteer_limit_plus_one_tt$
(§Y[HND.GetNameWithFlag]§!) $volunteer_limit_plus_one_tt$
§YWartime Decisions§! will be unlocked for the duration of the war.
§YAn Economy of Corruption and Stagnation§! will now be §Gtemporary§! and removed after 5 years.
The time taken for §YAn Economy of Corruption and Stagnation§! will be §Greduced§!.
The Darjeeling Conspiracy is ongoing.
[$COUNTRY$.GetFlag] [$COUNTRY$.GetAdjective] influence changes by [?NEP_conspiracy_influence_change|=Y0] points.
Cost for [$COUNTRY$.GetFlag] [$COUNTRY$.GetAdjective] influence $DIRECTION$ decisions changes by £pol_power §Y$NUMBER$§! Political Power.
We have chosen to back the conspiracy against the Ranas.
We have chosen to support the Prime Minister against the rebels.
We will attempt to back the §lMukti§! §RSena§! in their revolution to oust Juddha Rana and his dynasty, unlocking the §Y$NEP_the_darjeeling_conspiracy$§! focus branch.
We will continue to back the §PPrime Minister§! in his attempts to maintain power, unlocking the §Y$NEP_rooting_out_the_traitors$§! focus branch.
Unlocks £GFX_decision_icon_small §Y[NEP_loc_conspiracy_name]§! decisions.\n\n
§gA conspiracy against the ruling Rana dynasty will begin, unlocking an associated decision category. By roughly this time next year the Prime Minister will either find himself \
§gA conspiracy has begun against the ruling Rana dynasty in Nepal, orchestrated by our enemies in Calcutta who wish to install a loyal regime in the Kingdom. We must ensure these rebels are crushed when they make their move in just under a year's time, lest we wish to gain another enemy in the east.§!
§gA conspiracy has begun against the ruling Rana dynasty in Nepal, with the full support of our brave agents. The uprising is set to commence in just under a year's time, and we must ensure that our allies succeed in their revolution, depriving the Dominion of a valuable ally and potentially gaining us one of our own.§!
§YThis spirit will be removed once the conspiracy has concluded.§!
§RThe Conspirators will make their move in 30 days, firmly establishing the fate of Nepal's future one way or another.§!
§RThe rebels in Nepal are set to make their move in 30 days, which will put an end to out attempts to influence them. We cannot allow our enemies to win out against us.§!
Tribhuvan
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1906, in Kathmandu, Kingdom of Nepal§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFollowing the passing of his father King Prithvi in 1913, the merely five-years-old Tribhuvan Bir Bikram Shah Dev became King Tribhuvan. Growing up under the regency of Queen Mother Divyeshwari Lakshmi Devi, at age 12 he married Kanti Rajya Lakshmi Devi Shah and her sister Ishwari on the same day in two separate ceremonies.\n\nIn spite of being the head of the Royal House of Gorkha (also known as the Shah Dynasty), while growing up neither Tribhuvan nor his mother held any real governing power, with the Ranas holding an iron grip on real governance. During the Great War, he and his mother were threatened and intimidated into ordering the Nepali troops to war in support of Britain and the Entente's efforts, deepening the mutual animosity between the two families.§!\n\n
$NEP_tribhuvan_leader_desc_start$§LToday, Tribhuvan is an adult, and has chafed against the Ranas for far longer than his liking. As the Nepal Praja Parishad continues to scheme, so too does Tribhuvan sense that the time to make his move shall come sooner rather than later.§!
$NEP_tribhuvan_leader_desc_start$§LNow that the Ranas have been squashed, Tribhuvan is poised to finally make up for almost a century of Rana despotism. Concentrating considerable power in his own hands, time will tell just what it is that Tribhuvan decides to do with his revitalised mandate.§!
$NEP_tribhuvan_leader_desc_start$§LNow that the Ranas have been squashed, Tribhuvan is poised to finally make up for almost a century of Rana despotism. Lending his legitimacy to a government made up of the free men of Nepal, Tribhuvan now hopes to oversee Nepal's transition from a 19th century despotate into a modern democratic nation.§!
Ram Prasad Rai
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1910, in Bhojpur, Kingdom of Nepal§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a prosperous family in the village of Sandilung, few thought the inconspicuous birth of Ram Prasad Rai would come to unveil tremendous consequences for Nepal's future. At the age of 14, he joined the army of the British Raj as a member of the elite Gurkha Brigades before eventually siding with the Calcutta Government, fighting with Indian rebel troops against British Indian forces.\n\nAs the Bharatiya People's Republic licked its wounds and celebrated its hard-fought freedom after the ceasefire of 1927, Ram soon imagined what such a revolution might look like in his homeland of Nepal. For much of the 20s and 30s he has collaborated with his fellow revolutionaries and tirelessly worked to instill political consciousness amidst the Nepalese peasantry.\n\nAfter the years of efforts from him and his comrades, the Nepalese Revolution has finally come to pass and his countrymen have been liberated from the shackles of despotic Rana feudalism. Closely associated with the INC, many doubt the youthful Ram will stray far from the party line of his cohorts in India.§!
Subarna Shumsher Rana
§YBorn:§! §L1910, in Kathmandu, Kingdom of Nepal§!
Mahabir Shumsher Rana
§YBorn:§! §Lin Kathmandu, Kingdom of Nepal§!
Matrika Prasad Koirala
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1912, in Benares, United Provinces of Agra and Oudh, British India§!
Tanka Prasad Acharya
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 31st, 1912, in Nawalparasi, Kingdom of Nepal§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTanka Prasad Acharya was born to Tika Prasad Acharya, a District Revenue Officer with two wives, of whom Tanka was borne to the first. Growing up, Tanka maintained a very close relationship with his mother, and would come to be highly influenced by not only her moral teachings, but also those of the Hindu faith. Astrologically born between the Sukra and Brihaspati signs, their \
Bishweshwar Prasad Koirala
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 8th, 1914, in Benares, United Provinces of Agra and Oudh, British India§!
Kunwar Inderjit Singh
§YBorn:§! §L1906, in Dumrakot, Kingdom of Nepal§!
Juddha Shumsher Rana
§YBorn:§! §LApril 19th, 1875, in Kathmandu, Kingdom of Nepal§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNot many Ranas are quite as blue-blooded as the mighty Juddha Rana, born to a Chhetri and Rajput family while additionally being the nephew of the very founder of the Rana Dynasty. The great Jung Bahadur Rana made him a colonel in his bare infancy, later becoming a General when he was just ten years old. Despite a brief hiccup where he had to drop out of school due to ill health, Juddha's ascension to power has been steady and glorious.§!
Samrajya Shumsher Jang Bahadur Rana
Samrajya
§YBorn:§! §L1921, in Kathmandu, Kingdom of Nepal§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSamrajya's position is a unique one, son of a Rana and a Shah. Samrajya would spend much of his childhood awkwardly in the middle of the two families' growing tensions, though his father General Kaiser Shumsher Jang Bahadur Rana and his mother Princess Lakshmi Rajya Lakshmi Dev made a steely effort to keep him away from family squabbles.\n\nAll that being said, Samrajya now finds himself directly in the spotlight following the culmination of years of squabbling between Ranas and Shahs. Young and incredibly inexperienced, he is fated (by design) to uphold the years upon years of traditional Rana rule over what is otherwise formally the domain of the Royal House of Gorkha. Indeed, the Ranas have now succeeded in finally cementing themselves as synonymous with the ruling family.§!
Kaiser Shumsher Rana
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 8th, 1892, in the Kingdom of Nepal§!
Giri Prasad Burathoki
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Kingdom of Nepal§!
Mutilal Gurung
§YBorn:§! §L1898, in Bharse, Kingdom of Nepal§!
Kiran Shumsher Rana
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 1916, in Jaulakhel, Kingdom of Nepal§!
Dashrath Chand Thakuri
§YBorn:§! §L1903, in Baskot, Kingdom of Nepal§!
Bharat Mani Sharma
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Kingdom of Nepal§!
Dharma Bhakta Mathema
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1909, in Kathmandu, Kingdom of Nepal§!
Shukraraj Shastri
§YBorn:§! §L1894, in Benares, United Provinces of Agra and Oudh, British India§!
Krishna Prasad Koirala
§YBorn:§! §Lin Dumja, Kingdom of Nepal§!
Laxmi Prasad Devkota
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 12th, 1909, in Kathmandu, Kingdom of Nepal§!
Nrip Jang Rana
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 15th, 1890, in Calcutta, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Mohan Shumsher Rana
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 23rd, 1885, in Kathmandu, Kingdom of Nepal§!
Baber Shumsher Rana
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 27th, 1888, in Kathmandu, Kingdom of Nepal§!
Padma Shumsher Rana
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 5th, 1882, in Kathmandu, Kingdom of Nepal§!
Ranaji Vishnu Shumsher Rana
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 13th, 1906, in Kathmandu, Kingdom of Nepal§!
Purendra Bikram Shah
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1900, in Kathmandu, Kingdom of Nepal§!
Karan Bahadur Rana
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 21st, 1898, in Mangalthan Gulmi, Kingdom of Nepal§!
Kulbir Thapa
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1888, in Palpa, Kingdom of Nepal§!
Royal Army Council
Republican Army Council
§YFounded:§! §Lin Kathmandu, Kingdom of Nepal§!
Defiant Hostage
