Somalia Focus Tree
Somalia
Somali
Somalia
Somalia
the Somali Revolutionary Federation
Somalia
the Somali Revolutionary Federation
Somalia
the Somali Revolutionary Federation
GWM
Golaha Wadajirka ee Muqdisho
USS
Ururka Shaqaalaha Soomaalida
QG
Qaswadayaasha ah Golaha
MC
Muuqaalka Caddaaladda
MCa
Muuqaalka Casriga ah
MX
Muuqaalka Xoriyadda
UDS
Ururka Dhalinyarada Soomaaliyeed (Somali Youth League)
GQ
Golaha Qabiilada (Tribal Council)
SW
Saldanadii Warsangali (Warsangali Rulers)
DCS
Dhaqdhaqaaqa Cusub ee Soomaaliya (New Somali Movement)
\n§YThis will decide the direction our military will take; a unified army or local militias. Choose carefully.§!
Boynuz İşletmeleri
Mogadishu University
Royal Armoury of Warsangali
Majeerteen Armoury
Königliche Somalische Eisenbahngesellschaft
State Aircraft Factory
Hobyo Dockyard
Mogadishu Naval Yard
Iron Fist of Warsangali
Warsangali is the leading state within Somalia, with its power base strong alongside deep German and Ottoman foreign ties dating to the Weltkrieg. While the capital is nominally in Mogadishu, much of the actual decision-making is made in Las Khorey, and those who defy it are swiftly silenced.
Soomaali Gandarmaariiga
Based on the western gendarmeries, the Soomaali Gandarmaariiga ensure that the peace and safety of the Kingdom are not threatened or harmed by radicals or other sorts of troublemakers; Anarchists and other deviants beware!
Xeer In Check
Xeer, or customary law, has always been something of a legally grey area. However, we will restructure it in such a way that will allow each state and clan to regulate its own laws to a certain extent. However, locally created laws shall remain beneath Somali State Law and this will, therefore, end the contradictions and loopholes that had existed prior to reform.
Hangash
The newly founded Hay'adda Nabad Gal'yada Gaashaandhiga, or Hangash for short, is a Military Intelligence Unit designed to keep the balance of peace and harmony in the Kingdom of Somalia. The Boqor is now able to directly protect his subjects.
Intensified Cashcrops
Because of the potential for famine, it is crucial that we store food reserves in order to best prepare ourselves, and the nation, for one. As it stands, our best bet would be to intensify the production of cash crops.
Food Shortages
The prosperity Somalia has experienced, with regards to urbanisation, foreign investment, and cultural renaissance, has not been without its downsides. The growing population, military, and the lack of arable lands mean that food shortages, while somewhat uncommon, still factor into rural life in Somalia.
Food Shortages Under Control
Measures are now being taken in order to end famine in Somalia. We have begun by increasing the amount of arable land and have also begun purchasing foreign grain and foodstuffs.
Black Monday Hits the Horn
Despite sparing us from much of its harsh effects, the ripples from Black Monday that had reached Somalia caused enough damage to wipe out our, admittedly, sparse industry as well as ruin our foreign investments, due to panic from investors. If we do not act fast, this could cause long-term instability and lead to our downfall!
Foreign Production Methods
Efforts are being made to reform and upgrade the few factories we possess in order to bring their standards up to date with Western ones.
Pan Somali Ethos
Pan-Somali ideas have long flourished within the circles of certain intellectuals and military officers living within our young nation. It is clear that the time to act has neared. We shall unite every Somali under our banner!
Osmanya Alphabet Endorsed
Cusmaan Yuusuf Keenadiid, the Suldaan of Hobyo, is a well-learned man who had designed a new script for the Somali language. While his alphabet has received widespread acclaim and is used within various universities, academies, and other institutes, it has not been used within daily Somali life. We shall endorse and expand upon it as to adopt it as the official script of the Somali language.
Osmanya Alphabet Endorsed
Cusmaan Yuusuf Keenadiid, the Suldaan of Hobyo, is a well-learned man who had designed a new script for the Somali language. While his alphabet has received widespread acclaim and is used within various universities, academies, and other institutes, until recently, it was not used in daily Somali life. Thanks mostly to our efforts to encourage his alphabet and the offering of state-sponsored scholarships to prodigal students, the alphabet has begun to spread to the general populace.
Officer and Soldier Academies
Our military officers, both well-known and unknown, now have greater education opportunities and new benefits available to them. This will both improve the quality of our NCOs while incentivising prospective officers to join the army.
The Local Militias
Militias from constituent states are now equipped with the best gear and weapons available, designed and engineered both at home and abroad.
The Local Militias
Militias from constituent states now must train under a stricter regimen in order to better boost their organisation and coordination. We shall turn these men into proper soldiers, who will fight for the defence of the nation!
The Local Militias
While maintaining their nominal hierarchies, CSMs now plan and operate as cohesive units.
The Local Militias
Our irregular forces have long been the backbone of our armed forces and we shall follow the footsteps of Hassan, whom the thwarted imperialists have taken to calling the Mad Mullah, and we will move swiftly within the lands we know, while striking hard within the ones we don't, in order to secure Somalia's future.
Somali Horsemen
Many soldiers from our constituent states opt to fight on horseback, while adapting their techniques to better suit modern warfare, also updating their training methods and purchasing state-of-the-art equipment.
Mass Recruiting
More and more men have joined their local militia to help defend Somalia; are you doing your part?
Strengthen Government
While the prosperity and development of Somalia have been astounding, Ali Shire had made sure to follow a 'let sleeping dogs lie' policy in terms of politics. Meanwhile, Somalis had rejoiced, basking in their freedom, unquestionably of the primacy of Las Khorey. However, news of administrative reform in Ethiopia and Egypt have convinced the Boqor that reform is, indeed, required.
Soomaali Gandarmaariiga
Maintaining order has been traditionally entrusted to local militias. The chief of each militia was entrusted with looking after the people. However, in order to better ensure peace and prosperity in the country, we must outfit a force of men who are capable of containing riots, protests, revolts, and crimes. This new force will be known as the Soomaali Gandarmaariiga, based on their western counterparts.
Primus Inter Pares
The administrative model of the German Empire is an enlightened one and has pleased many of our Sheiks, Suldaans, and other rulers. The Boqor will rule as First Among Equals and every clan, no matter how small, will make up Somalia, each a federal unit.
United in Will
So long as the Somali nation and its people are united—in spirit, in determination, and in outlook—we can ensure that no goal is too big for us to conquer. In order to attain that ideal, however, we must first focus on resolving the problems within the country...
The Somali Assembly
Each clan, no matter how small or seemingly insignificant, now has the power to elect either one or two councilmen for the newly founded National Assembly of Clans, which serves as a lower house and is beneath the House of Lords.
Constitutional Reform
A formalised constitution, which limits the powers of the states, territories, and of the union, will ensure that the pacts within the last few months are not but empty promises.
Local Elections
Since we've now completed laying down the framework for a democratic Somalia, and have finalised the rules with the new constitution, it's now up to the people to decide Somalia's future. Let the elections begin!
Xeer & Civil Legal Balance
Xeer, or customary law, has always been something of a legally grey area. However, we will restructure it in such a way that will allow each state and clan to regulate its own laws to a certain extent. However, locally created laws shall remain beneath Somali State Law and this will, therefore, end the contradictions and loopholes that had existed prior to reform.
Crack Down On Powerful Clans
Minor lords within Somalia have had the power to influence our decisions for far too long. Any notions of this facade of a federation must be dispelled, once and for all!
Unity is Strength
Somalia is a united nation, comprised of a singular group of people, under one sovereign. We had fought a lengthy and arduous battle to secure our future and we will not let petty infighting compromise that!
Formalise Kingdom Structure
Somalia shall be, for all intents and purposes, a centralised kingdom in which the monarch has near absolute control. In order to bring about this new reality, however, a referendum shall take place to help determine the future of the kingdom.
Federal Elections
As a formality, to quiet liberal dissent, elections shall be held. However, by utilising the work of propagandists, we can ensure that turnout remains at an absolute minimum. Let us remind the people who had fought alongside Hassan and his brave men, and who had cowered and licked the boots of the Italians.
Establish the Hangash
Enemies about at every corner. Knives in the dark, ready to strike at the elderly, fragile Boqor who gave so much of his life selflessly for his people. Traitors will be dealt with; swiftly and efficiently.
Finish Government Reforms
With the future of the nation safeguarded, tomorrow is brighter than ever. Now we must begin to plan for it...
Economic Development
While our population has grown prosperous, we need to make sure that this prosperity is not something that will pass, by developing the economy into an industrial one. Our valued partners in the Porte and in Berlin will help us in this endeavour.
Basic Infrastructure Effort
A nation as young as Somalia will always need investments linking provinces and regions; especially if we are to truly modernise.
Cash Crops Investment
Hunger is still an issue within Somalia and food reserves are required in order to curb its effects. The best thing we can do is intensify cash crop production for some time.
Tackle Rural Famines
We must begin to take serious measures to help end famine in Somalia. Our first step will be to increase the amount of arable land in the country and begin purchasing foreign grain and foodstuffs.
End Rural Famine
We have effectively ended the disaster that was famine. Now, hunger is no longer prevalent within Somalia, with both our rural and urban regions possessing enough food to feed their people. Our future seems bright!
Deal With Black Monday Ripples
Despite not suffering as poorly from the effects of Black Monday as the nations within the German economic orbit, Somalia is still facing a major economic downturn. This cannot be allowed to happen; we must take action as soon as possible!
Engines of War
A harsh reality that we must come to terms with is the fact that war has drastically changed in the past decades. We can no longer hope to preserve Somalia with outdated equipment, utilising the same tactics and strategies our forefathers had used. Modern equipment, rigorous drilling, and updated planning are all essential for our survival.
Foreign Production Methods
The few military factories within our possession must produce goods at maximum capacity and operate at full efficiency in order to give us a fighting chance against our imperialistic neighbours.
Preparing for War
War is coming to Somalia, whether we like it or not. Presuming otherwise is foolish, for the envious powers, residing within Addis Ababa, refuse to acknowledge the loss of Ogaden, a region they had never truly ruled over. Our preparations and planning must be extensive, swift, and efficient!
Licensing Deals
We require the help of foreign experts, foreign equipment, and foreign tactics if our military is to punch above its weight and meet the demanding requirements of modern war.
Further Infrastructure Investments
Connecting Somalia, from Barwaga to Zelia through the usage of railways and roads, is of the utmost importance. Our produce, our people, and our armies can no longer rely on dirt roads for transportation.
Refit Ports
In the past, our ports had been sufficient for both our imports and exports. However, with our increased agricultural and industrial output, the pressure for public investment for the expansion and creation of new ports is now increasing, especially among our coastal lords.
Pan Somali Ethos
Pan-Somali ideas have long flourished within the circles of certain intellectuals and military officers living within our young nation. It is clear that the time to act has neared. We shall unite every Somali under our banner!
State Funded National Revival
Our nation has had a glorious past and, ahead of it, has an even greater future. By sponsoring brilliant personalities and teachers who acknowledge this fact, and working hard to make sure our national pride is always high, we can truly make every citizen in our country proud to be Somali.
Put Down The Lion
There are few things more pitiful than an old, sickly lion. Once a powerful empire, that had harboured the faithful in their hour of need, Abyssinia is now little more than an amalgamation of scheming dukes who play dress-up and impersonate German officers. It's high time we put this once grand empire to rest.
Civilian Industry
Our people are now able to afford new goods, imported from foreign nations. However, the cost of importing goods is far too expensive, especially for some luxury items. Perhaps it would be in our best interest to begin manufacturing these goods at home, instead of having our citizens purchase them from abroad?
Foreign Construction Methods
The reformation of any nation is never an easy job. While the task may be arduous, foreign expertise and skilled personnel will be required if Somalia is to be dragged into the age of advancement.
Foment Consumer Goods Market
Our consumer goods industry is severely limited due to low demand locally. By producing cheaper goods and exporting produce to nearby regions, we can ensure our industries will grow at an unprecedented rate.
Political Peace
Much of the government still retains something of a provisional air, damaging its legitimacy and power. We must strive towards uniting and consolidating our alliances with both clan leaders and intellectuals within Somalia.
Official Osmanya Usage
Cusmaan Yuusuf Keenadiid, the Suldaan of Hobyo, is a well-learned man who had designed a new script for the Somali language. While his alphabet has received widespread acclaim and is used within various universities, academies, and other institutes, it has not been used within daily Somali life. We shall endorse and expand upon it as to adopt it as the official script of the Somali language.
State Sponsored Scholarships
Well-prepared and intelligent students will now be granted access to higher education, which will greatly assist our universities as they will now be bustling with active students and fresh ideas. Of course, this also means the state can benefit from these educated individuals to help advance itself.
School of War
War is, oftentimes, a sporadic event which means we must plan and prepare for every single scenario. While our generals receive constant tweaks and updates to their battle plans, so must our engineers and planners who can help us best ready ourselves for any oncoming war.
Expand Higher Learning Funding
Higher education within Somalia is still lacking, and if our nation is to be taken seriously among the global academia we must begin heavy investments, the opening of more universities outside of Mogadishu, the education and re-education of our militia officers, and the guarantee of every region within the nation possessing a higher learning institution.
The Royal Army
Reforming the army requires more than simply appointing new men to new positions. A new mentality is required alongside modernised equipment. The priorities and duties of a modern military force are tough in and of themselves.
Begin Army Reform
The reformation of any army is always easier said than done. The first obstacle we face is where to focus our efforts. In addition, the question of centralising the army or allowing it to retain a degree of autonomy is vital to its modernisation. Of course, such a decision would have political consequences, no matter what we choose, which is why further efforts must be preceded by sweeping political reforms.
Arm Local Militias
Every constituent state will now require its own militia which will fall under our centralised control. The clans will be granted weapons in exchange for providing us with manpower.
Train the Army of the People
While an army compromised of militiamen may be grand in size, it will fail against trained foes if it is untrained. Ensuring that our soldiers are trained using modern doctrines and efficient regimens is crucial.
Incorporate Noble Horsemen into the Army
It has been known that, for centuries, the nobles living within Somalia have been proficient in the art of horsemanship. Providing these modern-day knights with a purpose to defend Somalia is crucial if we are to better protect our nation.
Shipyards of Hobyo
Alongside his studies, the Sultan of Hobyo has also focused his attention on the sea and has made grand investments into the shipyards within the area. He has effectively bestowed upon Hobyo one of the largest and most up-to-date naval bases within Somalia. More is planned, of course, but in order to advance further the Sultan requires federal assistance.
Logistics Effort
Supplying an army that is so decentralised as ours is no easy task. Logistical routes must be found and mapped out, and we must ensure that the supplies sent to our troops will reach their destination safely. Thankfully, we've men qualified for the task.
Joint Planning Teams
We will gather up the best men within Somalia and, through the use of centralised joint planning teams, shall ensure that the states will strike together as one cohesive unit. We must defend the motherland!
Mass Recruiting
Somali men, heed the call for your clan, family, and country need you! Come to the nearest recruiting station to sign up to fight and, together with your brothers, work hard to ensure that Somalia shall never again fall under the yoke of imperialism!
Magarteen Armoury
The Sultan of Majarteen, with his infinite wisdom, knew that our safety was transitory and, thus, had invested much into the creation of an armoury which is able to produce the finest modern artillery. Based on Turkish designs, and funded through the Sultan's own pocket, we cannot let this opportunity go to waste. Let us all join forces to defend Somalia!
Mobile Army Doctrine
Investing in advanced technology, such as tanks and motorised infantry, is important in order to keep up with the current state of warfare. We shall defend our homeland through the use of speed, outmanoeuvring our enemies and attaining victory!
Naval Combat Theory
By utilising naval doctrine alongside military doctrine and making sure that the two can work in lockstep with one another, we can ensure that our army can handle any threat, whether it'd be at sea or on land.
Hassan's Battle Doctrine
Somalia's militia has long been our backbone and our pride. By following the steps of Hassan, whom the defeated imperialists call the Mad Mullah, we will move swiftly through lands we know and strike forcefully through the land we don't. We must secure Somalia's future through any means necessary.
A Unified Army
The army is an invaluable part of the state and it shall maintain order, face continual modernisation, and be administered in a centralised fashion, following the lead of the European nations.
Ensure Wartime Supplies
Ensuring that we possess enough factories to properly supply a modern military is crucial to Somalia's survival. Such an effort will demand much of our attention and resources, however.
Strategic Planning
Our officers, eager to educate themselves in the ways of modern war, will have the aid of foreign experts at their disposal. This will ensure that the defeat of Somalia's enemies will be imminent, both on a tactical and strategic level.
Acquire Tanks
Tanks are costly, hard to produce, and infinitely harder to properly maintain. However, on the off chance that we can produce them, they will be an invaluable asset in any future wars and will give us a definite advantage over our enemies.
Military Industrial Capability
Our factories must operate at full industrial capacity, producing military goods to better supply and equip our army. After all, supply is an extremely crucial factor of any sort of warfare and can determine the outcome of any war or, on a smaller scale, any battle.
Refit Infantry Equipment
In order to convince our men that the army has truly undergone a reformation, we must provide them with new boots, new guns, and better rations in order to provide evidence of the effectiveness of our reforms.
Modern Guns
Artillery pieces and handguns within our possession are relics from the Weltkrieg era, some even dating back to an age far before the war itself. New equipment is required to modernise the armed forces.
Support Equipment Focus
We shall turn our focus to the production of support equipment and introduce logistical support training in order to better modernise our armed forces.
Special Forces Training
The cream of the crop, men who are hand-picked from Las Khorey by the Sultan himself, shall comprise the elite forces of Somalia. These men possess the most loyalty out of all of our subjects and have lent their full support to Somalia and the Boqor, above all else.
Modern Military Doctrine
War is raging worldwide, with countries pit against one another in a desperate struggle for victory. In order to best prepare for this scenario, we must remain aware of the tactical and strategic developments during these times and find ways to exploit them in order to defend the motherland.
Support Companies
Support companies will most certainly be crucial to future war efforts and are a must-need for any modern fighting force. In order to establish them, we will require the support and knowledge of foreign officers to help train our men. Of course, everything, including hiring foreign officers, has a price.
Between the Seas
Somalia stands at a crucial point in its history and its strategic location cannot be brushed aside. If we manage to build up and organise a powerful navy and a proper air force, we may find ourselves in control of the world's busiest shipping lane.
The Royal Navy
Currently, our warships are little more than outdated Weltkrieg era ships, sold to us by the great powers. If we are to wrest control of the high seas, we must begin the reformation of the Royal Navy. In order to do so, we require new ships, skilled sailors, and competent officers.
Naval Buildup
We will begin a large-scale naval build-up programme to help aid us in creating more ships. While this will prove to be a costly endeavour, hopefully, it will grant us much reward in the near future.
Strategic Patrols
By using our ships to patrol and exert control over the shipping lanes near the Somali coastline, we can ensure that our influence is recognised by all who dare sail in the Horn. In addition, by doing so, we can more easily defend and control the flow of supplies.
Construct Shipyards
Pouring funds to upgrade our shipyards is vital in making our navy self-sufficient, improving the quality of our ships, and increasing our naval production capabilities.
An Indirect Approach
Our position near the crucial shipping lane of the Red Sea has put us in a position to take advantage of submarine warfare and, if need be, strike at enemy convoys with great efficiency.
Raiding Effort
We shall set up raiding parties to ensure that no enemy of Somalia will escape the Horn unscathed!
Wrest Control of the Seas
Wresting control of the Horn and the Red Sea will be a gruesome effort but well worth the gamble if we are to do so successfully. First, however, plans must be made to secure the area...
A Flagship for Somalia?
International observers may see Somalia as a small and unimportant nation that has no need for a massive flagship. However, if we are to defend our ports, acquiring one shall be crucial as, sooner or later, small raiders will no longer be sufficient in terms of coastal patrol and defence operations.
The Royal Air Force
The few planes that we currently possess were bought nearly a decade ago from the Caliph and the Royal Air Force itself is in dire need of effective reform and massive investment. We shall see to it.
Focus on Aerial Supremacy
The most important aspect of aerial combat is controlling the skies, not the ground below. For once we have secured one, the other shall follow shortly.
Rule the Horn's Skies
We must spare no expense in ensuring that only Somali aircraft flies triumphantly in the skies above. Losing control of the skies, even briefly, is a dangerous prospect.
Win the Ground from the Air
A key component of aerial combat is complete control over the ground below as it's down there where all wars are truly won.
Foreign Bomber Expertise
Our bomber crews are still vastly inexperienced compared to their European and Ottoman counterparts. With that in mind, we will need their skill and know-how to ensure that our aircraft designs are modern and our pilots well trained.
Waging War in the Sky
Perhaps the most essential facet of any airborne mission, planning is the key to success in the air. We must ensure our officers are well prepared and qualified to face the dangers of aerial warfare.
GFX_SOM_intro
United We Stand!
The multiple states of Somalia were preyed upon by colonists and, in the eyes of the international community, we were seen as weak. We had fallen, divided, with brother against brother. However, after Abdullah Hassan's astounding victories over the Italians during the Weltkrieg, Italy had completely withdrawn from Somalia and the Sultan of Warsangali had, in all but name, slipped from British control as they were preoccupied with fighting the Germans. The Treaty of Vicenza, officially concluding the war between Italy and the Central Powers, paradoxically made Somalia free while Ali Shire remained a subject of Britain due to previous treaties.\n\nThis status quo, which had benefited both parties, did not last for long, however, as the British Empire had collapsed. In a moment of what some may call opportunism, Warsangali's forces seized what was left of British Somaliland and the lords allied to him proclaimed him Boqor, or emperor, of Somalia. However, he sought to style himself as King of Somalia in the West as a way to court the monarchs of the Central Powers while recognising the ultimate authority of the Caliph.\n\nProsperity followed for Somalia, with our fields growing rich and our cities larger. In addition, we'd managed to secure control over Ogaden in spite of the opposition from Ethiopia. Our roads, books, and universities are all symptoms of this event which has been dubbed the Somali Renaissance, but great danger may lie ahead for the wise understand that good times cannot be maintained indefinitely. Halie Selassie eyes our great nation enviously and Mittelafrika's new Governor remains diplomatically unapproachable. Whatever the future may hold, we can sit content with the fact that we have seized every possible opportunity presented to us and, together as one, leading Somalia to a better and brighter future.
§MSomali Youth League§! ($social_conservative_coloured$) / §MTribal Council§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Complete the focus \
Aden Abdulle Osman Daar
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 9th, 1908, in Beledweyne, Hiraan Province, Italian Somaliland§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAden Abdulle remembers very well how it is to grow up under the thrall of Colonialism. His studies bring him closer and closer to Syndicalist ideologies, which he believes fit Somalia well; each clan is a trade union which works best autonomously, but must cooperate with its neighbours. He has been strongly influenced recently by French scholarship on matters of decentralised leadership, and hopes that he can ensure that Somalia's rough recent years can culminate in something good in the long run.§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 9th, 1908, in Beledweyne, Hiraan Province, Italian Somaliland§!
Haji Bashir Ismail Yusuf
§YBorn:§! §L1912, in Hobyo, Mudug Province, Italian Somaliland§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHailing from the Osman Mahmoud clan of the Majarteen, Yusuf defends a more democratic and equal Somalia, even if he lacks the fervour for change that many of his colleagues do. His hopes are of a Somali Democratic Federation where the small clans and the city folk alike have their voices heard by the powers that be, and vows to fight poverty in rural areas of the nation.§!
§YBorn:§! §L1912, in Hobyo, Mudug Province, Italian Somaliland§!
Abdirashid Ali Shermarke
§YBorn:§! §LJune 8th, 1919, in Harardhere, Mudug Province, Italian Somaliland§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA Majarteen from Mudog, Ali Shermarke is a competent young scholar, well versed in both Islamic, Federal and foreign laws. He wishes for a non-aligned and peaceful foreign policy, but his wishes may very well be overturned by the influences foreign powers exert now on Somalia.§!
Jama Abdullahi Qalib
§YBorn:§! §Lin Hargeisa, Hargeisa Province, Somalia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJama Abdullahi Qalib is a young liberal hailing from Hargeisa. His faith in liberalism as the way to Somalia's future is admirable, but his readiness to work with foreigners has raised concerns on the populace, and so have his liberal ideas on the complete secularisation of the state§!
Maxamuud Cali Shiire
§YBorn:§! §Lin Las Khorey, Sanag Province, British Somaliland§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHaving taken up the throne of the Warsangali Sultanate in 1897 after a protracted power struggle with his father Gerad Cali Shiire, he descends from a line of kings that has lasted almost 600 years in the Horn of Africa. While being nominally subservient to British interests, Maxamuud Cali Shiire's support of Abdullah Hassan, the Mad Mullah, was crucial in defeating Italy in Africa during the Weltkrieg. A savvy political navigator, Maxamuud has united the sultanates of Somalia under a federal monarchy under his nominal leadership; but can a man who declared war against his own father for power be trusted not to infringe on constitutional prerogatives?§!
Haaji Mahammad Husseen
§YBorn:§! §Lin Somalia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHaaji Mohammed is chief among a group of officers and intellectuals who defend the concept of a Greater Somalia above all else, and the unification of the people under one purpose. Despite his deep admiration for Abdullah Hassan, his group seeks completely detach Islam from the state, and such a measure is bound to be unpopular at many levels of society.§!
Assembly Of Clans
§YFounded:§! §Lin Mogadishu, Benadir Province, Somalia§!
Yaasiin Xaaji
§YBorn:§! §L1917, in Hobyo, Mudug Province, Italian Somaliland§!
Madar Hersi Deria
§YBorn:§! §L1876, in the Habr Yunis Sultanate§!
Mukhtar Mohamed Husein
§YBorn:§! §L1912, in Hudur, Bakool Province, Italian Somaliland§!
Jama Korshel
§YBorn:§! §L1911, in Erigavo, Sanaag Province, British Somaliland§!
Abdallah al-Qutbi
§YBorn:§! §L1879, in Qulunqul, Hararghe Province, Ethiopian Empire§!
Olol Dinle
§YBorn:§! §Lin Somalia§!
Ismail Mire Elmi
§YBorn:§! §L1862, in Buuhoodle, Isaaq Sultanate§!
Cusmaan Yuusuf Keenadiid
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Ceel Huur, Hobyo Sultanate§!
Ughaz Abdi II Warfa
§YBorn:§! §L1854, in Zeila, Isaaq Sultanate§!
Cismaan III Maxamuud
§YBorn:§! §L1860, in the Majeerteen Sultanate§!
Omar Sheikh Ahmed Aray
§YBorn:§! §Lin Somalia§!
Yasin Haji Osman Sharmarke
§YBorn:§! §L1917, in Hobyo, Mudug Province, Italian Somaliland§!
Abdulkadir Dheel
§YBorn:§! §Lin Somalia§!
Somali Military Council
§YFounded:§! §L1919, in Mogadishu, Benadir Province, Somalia§!
Tribal Assembly
National Assembly of Clans
