Union of Britain Focus Tree
Alphabetical
Towns (Light Cruisers)
Mythology (Light Cruisers)
Mythology (Aircraft Carriers)
Counties
Weapons
Qualities (Battlecruisers)
Qualities (Aircraft Carriers)
Revolutionary Ideals
Revolutionaries
International Chemical Industries
English Electric
Marconi Wireless
British Railways
National Coal Board
Birmingham Small Arms Cooperative
Sterling's Hammers
Republican Small Arms Factory Enfield
Webley & Scott
Republican Arsenal
Austin Motor Company
Morris Motors
Associated Equipment Cooperative
Rolls Royce
Vauxhall
Vickers-Armstrong Cooperative
Blackburn Aircraft
Boulton Paul Aircraft
Handley Page Aircraft
Hawker
Short
Supermarine
Westland
Swan Hunter
John Brown Union
Cammell Laird
Flared Bow
Super Charges
Seaplane Origins
Elliptical Wings
Supercharger
PIAT
STEN Submachine Guns
Expanded Turret Capacity
Expanded Production Facilities
Naval Devotion
Britain has always devoted itself to having the greatest navy in Europe, nigh the world. From the destruction of the Spanish Armada to the battle of Trafalgar and recently the near war winning naval starvation of the Teutonic hordes of central Europe, control of the sea has always been the priority of our nations armed forces. Yet, while we have cast off many reactionary traditions our love of the navy has remained, we must always be at the forefront of naval research and development. We must always Rule the Waves.
Expanded Repair Yards
Local Collectives
The Common Land
Bletchley Park
British Aid
Women's Auxiliary Service
Political Commissars
Home Rule
New Economic Boom
Assisting the Casualties of War
Centralised Officers
Officer Autonomy
The Republican Command
On Foreign Shores
Class War
Centralised Industry
Controlling the Skies
Silence after the Storm
Home Rule abolished
Revolutionary Synthetic Oil
Domestic oil supplies won't be enough to sustain our military. Fortunately, our synthetic oil tech is nothing short of the best in the world. With the right investment, this may be enough to keep our planes flying, our tanks driving and our ships moving.
§CThe bonuses of the Republican Command will be based on how we handled the officer corps.§!
§GWales and Scotland will become independent once Devolution is complete.§!
§GWales and Scotland will become puppets once Devolution is complete.§!
§GAttempt to bring Order to this country! Our success will depend on how many reforms we have put through already.§!
The 1936 Congress of the Trade Unions will begin...
Intensify Scottish Oil Drilling
There are numerous oil deposits in the federal territory of Scotland. With new advances in excavational technology we should attempt to make full use of these.
Labour (Maximists)
Labour - Maximists\n§LBuilt around Oswald Mosley's 'New Labour Association' (NULA), the successor of the independent Popular Revolution Party, the Maximists follow his Birmingham Proposals, which stressed the need for “total commitment to socialism and the maximum effort for the revolution”. While ostensibly still 'syndicalist', the clique has been marked by its growing divergence from the ideology, with key thinkers often referring to 'Maximist Socialism' as syndicalism's natural evolution. Maximism itself is rooted in Sorelian rhetoric but has also developed an independent doctrine and drawn inspiration from French Neosocialists. The Maximists rose to national prominence following Mosley's appointment to Deputy Chairman in 1933, with the youthful, dynamic movement sweeping up many congressional deputies with their momentum.§!\n
Labour (Vanguardists)
Labour - Vanguardists
Labour (Federationists)
Labour - Federationists\n§LThe Federationist wing of the Labour party is a broad alliance, comprised of the SPGB remnants that were absorbed by Labour following the 1924 State of Emergency, revolutionary figures with their radical roots in trade unionism and some revolutionary loyalists not at home with the Autonomists. Consolidating after the election of Tom Mann as Chairman, the Federationists had undergone the political influence of the late Arthur J. Cook, moulding it to the CGTist inspired Orthodox Syndicalism that it and the National Federation of Revolutionary Syndicates preach today. The Federationists are internally fractured with the only common thread uniting them being the preservation of syndicalism and the federal system. Influential leaders include Arthur Horner and Sylvia Pankhurst, who both command their own individual followings with very different opinions about how the Revolution should proceed.§!\n
Labour (Pankhurstites)
Labour - Pankhurstite Federationists\n§LThe Federationist wing of the Labour party is a broad alliance, comprised of the SPGB remnants that were absorbed by Labour following the 1924 State of Emergency, revolutionary figures with their radical roots in trade unionism and some revolutionary loyalists not at home with the Autonomists. Consolidating after the election of Tom Mann as Chairman, the Federationists had undergone the political influence of the late Arthur J. Cook, moulding it to the CGTist inspired Orthodox Syndicalism that it and the National Federation of Revolutionary Syndicates preach today. Sylvia Pankhurst's disciples have their roots in radicalism and council communism, advocating for a renewed social revolution with a focus on feminism, democratisation through workers' councils and a renewed commitment towards the transition towards socialism.§!\n
Labour (Hornerists)
Labour - Hornerist Federationists\n§LThe Federationist wing of the Labour party is a broad alliance, comprised of the SPGB remnants that were absorbed by Labour following the 1924 State of Emergency, revolutionary figures with their radical roots in trade unionism and some revolutionary loyalists not at home with the Autonomists. Consolidating after the election of Tom Mann as Chairman, the Federationists had undergone the political influence of the late Arthur J. Cook, moulding it to the CGTist inspired Orthodox Syndicalism that it and the National Federation of Revolutionary Syndicates preach today. Arthur Horner's disciples are a step more moderate than the radical Mannite militants. They propose revisions to the political system to improve political participation and allieviate draconianism, formalising Labour's position as a popular front of socialist societies, and a major push against political corruption.§!\n
Labour (Autonomists)
Labour - Autonomists\n§LAn eclectic, albeit loose-knit mixture of principled pacifists, Christian socialists, regionalists and more, the Autonomists can trace their roots back to the old Wheatleyite wing of the defunct ILP. The libertarian socialist faction's common ground revolves around continued decentralisation of Britain to give Wales and Scotland formal home rule, the promotion of G.D.H. Cole's co-operative 'Guild Socialism' over than the Smilie-Moffat system of TUC-led economic planning, and diplomatic internationalism. Having gradually defected to Labour following Snowden's takeover of the ILP and its subsequent implosion when he rapidly shifted the party towards social democracy, the Autonomists make up a sizable proportion of the Labour Party but their ideological breadth and scattered nature limits their influence.§!\n
Labour (Actionists)
Labour - Council of Action\n§LOnce a Mosleyite-sympathising body of young deputies, the Council of Action has expanded into a body of 'moderates' aligned with, but not necessarily subordinate to, the New Labour Association and the wider Maximist movement. While by no means instinctual totalitarians, these socialist centralists are sympathetic to the Maximist State in its broad strokes, and garner a lot of power among the civil service and especially the Ministry of Finance, where Mosley's economic proposals are seen with great veneration.§!\n
Social Democrats
Social Democratic Party\n§LFounded in 1932 by Hugh Dalton, the Social Democratic Party can trace its roots to Philip Snowden's reformed, more social democratic ILP of the late 1920s. Built out of the Fabian-inclined \
Liberals
Liberal Party - Samuelites\n§LThe Liberal Party was reorganised following the Revolution, reformed by dissident members and MPs who had left the National Government and sided with the rebels, but who had also not embraced socialism and joined Labour. Led by Robert Crewe-Milnes (though he was soon sidelined), Herbert Samuel and Percy Harris, the new party largely followed the 'New Liberal' tradition to an extreme, tilting leftward with support for social progressivism workplace democracy and 'controlled capitalism'. The de-facto 'third party' of the Union, the Liberals did well in 1931, scaring the syndicalist establishment, but their successes ended swiftly with the Parliamentary Crisis. Triggering a constitutional crisis with other members of the 'Second UDC', the ILP and NDP, the party fell alongside them. Samuel and his allies were arrested for sedition after protesting Mann's controversial prorogation of the Provincial Parliament to break the deadlock.§!\n
Constitutionalists
Liberal Party - Constitutionalists\n§LWhile the post-Revolution Liberal Party largely tacked to the left, this shift opened up a great divide with classically and conservative minded Liberals who hadn't boarded the boats to Canada. These liberal-conservative 'Constitutionalists' instead took an openly anti-socialist political line, while pledging to uphold the morals of the 'British Constitution'. Small in number and operating almost as a party unto their own within the Liberal Party, the fringe fell under constant suspicion of almost certainly being an entryist front for royalist subversives. Constitutionalist candidates would face often violent protests by Labour members, tainting the Samuelites by association. The Mond Affair in late 1931, wherein faction grandee Abraham England was proven to be in contact with the late Jewish financier, spelled their doom. Raids and arrests scattered the Constitutionalists, whose remnants fled to Ireland to avoid treason charges.§!\n
New Democrats
New Democratic Party\n§LThe New Democratic Party was founded in 1927 by Harold Macmillan, a Tory radical who was famously arrested by the National Government on the floor of the House of Commons itself during the General Strike. Bringing together many conservative splinters and independents, the NDP stood as a fresh face encompassing the right-wing of the post revolution order, having repudiated aristocratic Toryism to subscribe to Macmillan's brand of syncretic corporatism. The NDP was expressly loyal to the Republic, but some believed them to be an electoral vehicle for reactionaries. The NDP was at the heart of the Parliamentary Crisis, with perhaps unfounded paranoia growing over Macmillan's movement after he tried to affiliate with Labour, before getting rejected after a militant rebellion and joining the 'Second UDC'. While Deputy Chairman Oswald Mosley interned Macmillan and his associates soon after, the idea of 'constructive republican conservatism' still informs a number of Congressional independents who escaped arrest.§!\n
Ruralists
Rural Party\n§LPractically non-existent on the national level, though powerful in some regional assemblies, the Rural Party was founded in 1932 after the post- revolution Agricultural Party merged with a variety of smaller 'Farmers' parties and representatives from several farmers' and agricultural workers' unions. Led by the old agrarian independent Herbert Matthews, the Rural Party ties a syncretic redistributionist ideology around a fierce defence of rural interests and smallholders within the often urban-biased syndicalist system. Though openly aloof to national political debate, the Ruralists have become notorious for the suspected harbouring of royalists in their local branches, following a rumoured entryist push by the CRGB to seed agents within the party. Matthews has denied such allegations, but this hasn't stopped the party's more rightist branches from being suppressed by the C.I.C.§!\n
CRGB
Committee for the Restoration of Great Britain\n§LThe most influential exile organisation outside of Canada, the Committee for the Restoration of Great Britain was established in 1931, unifying several smaller groups operating on the continent, most prominently the Anglo-German Fellowship. While officially advocating for a royalist restoration in Britain, the leading members of the CRGB have Germanophilic tendancies and are more devoted to their aristocratic arch-conservative ideology than true loyalty to the crown.§!\n
NRL
National Republican League\n§LThe latest party created by retired veterinarian Arnold Leese, the Nationa Republican League represents a sect of radical anti-socialism that has also distanced itself from monarchist Loyalism in the years since the Revolution, instead embracing a revolutionary nationalist doctrine that calls for a \
Embrace the Status Quo
The syndicalist order has withstood an onslaught of political challenges, but has held firm. Britain shall keep its course, and continue to boldly and unapologetically champion the cause of the worker and the revolution above all else.
United Britain
Britain faces great adversity both within and without. While conflict with reactionary nations may prove unavoidable, surely our nation and its people should stand united. Enemies of the revolution must be confronted and eliminated by any means necessary.
Promote Young Talent
There exists an abundance of young, talented officers among our ranks, often overlooked due to superiors more interested in improving the conditions of their fellow pupils than the condition of their army. A new round of promotions, aimed at young officers with admirable performance in the military academies, will be conducted to give our military the shake-up it needs.
The Common Land
While Britain was the birthplace of the industrial revolution, much of our nation remains rural and reliant on agriculture. To facilitate increased crop yields, all lands seized from noble estates during the revolution should be parcelled to rural syndicates. Britain's land shall now belong to her people alone!
The Hidden Fleet Plan
During the Weltkrieg, the Germans used U-Boats to great effect. Their ultimate victory in the war has convinced influential groups of officers that to avoid our previous fate, Britain must rapidly expand its submarine fleet and restructure its doctrine with Germany as its model
The Aviation Fleet Plan
While many scoff at the notion that aircraft could ever serve as the backbone of a navy, believers of precisely such a thing assert the necessity of controlling the skies over the sea. To do so, they propose that the role and number of aircraft carriers be greatly expanded
The Grand Fleet Plan
The Royal Navy was centred around the battleship and naval firepower. While Britain lost the Weltkrieg, its Navy held strong throughout the conflict. Since the revolution, naval strategy has advanced rapidly, and to many Republican naval officers, the Union of Britain must make a concerted effort to catch up to its rivals, rather than take a radical new approach to naval warfare.
Expand the Repair Yards
Though our navy is among the world's largest, we must also have the means to quickly repair our ships should they incur battle damage, or our enemies may wear us down through attrition. Expanding our repair yards would not only achieve this, but also enable us to refit some of our older models in a timely manner.
Expand Dockyards
With a Merchant Marine service established and all union operated ships firmly integrated, our nation's ports are becoming increasingly congested. With the problem projected to only worsen, we must immediately expand the most clogged ports.
Promote Fresh Leadership
For too long the Republican Navy has been too much of an old boy's club and this could seriously damage our naval effectiveness. To combat this we should ensure that some fresh new faces can take the reins of leadership.
Submarine Effort
Per our efforts to shift the Republican Navy's focus, our presently quite small submarine fleet is due for expansion. Our current submarine designs, however, are inadequate. We must develop and deploy more advanced models
Destroyer Effort
Our new fleet cannot operate entirely below the waves. To support out U-Boats, we need ships that are both versatile and agile, capable of dealing with those threats are U-Boats are unable to.
Carrier Effort
Aircraft Carriers have taken on a much greater role in naval combat, and Britain must change with the times. Our carrier fleet will be the centrepiece of the renewed British Navy.
Naval Aviation
Traditional aircraft designs are unable to fulfil the unique requirements of naval aviation. We must develop new aircraft designed be operated from carriers and other situations where runway space is at a premium.
Cruiser Effort
While lacking the armour of a battleship, cruisers are agile and pack a versatile suite of guns. An expansion of our cruiser fleets is essential to the reconstruction of the British Navy.
Battleship Effort
Battleships are the kings of the sea, and were key to the global dominance of the British Royal Navy at the prior to the Weltkrieg. If we are to ever regain our naval strength, we must have new battleships.
The Republican Marines
While naval power and the projection thereof are critical to military success, ships alone are unable to invade islands or assault coasts. Few Marine officers sided with the revolution in 1925, and as a result, the Republic's ability to conduct amphibious operations was stunted. If we are to having any hope of confronting our enemies across the seas, we must have a Marine department.
Review the Republican Navy
The Office of the Admiralty and Marine Affairs was the body responsible for the administration of the Royal Navy and served as a forum for communication between officers. The Republican Navy currently lacks any comparable office, with Naval affairs often tied-up in politics. Thus, we must establish an independent and thoroughly socialist Admiralty.
Britannia Rules the Waves
At last, the British Navy is beginning to look like its former self. If not already, soon enough, Britain will again rule the waves! Britons never will be slaves!
The Republican Air Force
Air power is critical for success on the modern battlefield. Currently, our air service is subordinate to our army, and while that assures democratisation, an independent Air Force would certainly be more effective. Thus, we must establish an Air Force both independent and socialist in character.
New Pilot Training
Pilot training in many nations, including our own, has been largely non-standard, and reliant on enthusiasts turned instructors. By consulting with prominent pilots, we can develop an effective training regimen.
Women's Flying Corps
Capable pilots are always in short supply, and the women of our nation, whose support was so crucial to the success of the revolution, yearn for the freedom of the skies. While it will certainly prove controversial, we have drafted a plan to create allow women to serve in the RAF in support roles to free up more men for combat.
Aviation Unions
Many syndicates around Britain operate small aerodromes for a variety of purposes. The larger of these facilities should be given state funding for expansion.
Aviation Fuel Administration
Without fuel, it does not matter how skilled our pilots are. It is likely that when war comes our fuel imports will be cut-off so we must work towards domestics sources of fuel; for the safety of the revolution we mustn't be depended on capitalist suppliers of oil. They can't be trusted.
Air Observer Corps
While London was terrorised throughout the Weltkrieg by German airships, relatively little damage was done by these raids. Since then however, the range and payload of aircraft has increased greatly. To counter the threat, we should create a volunteer organisation which looks vigilantly for enemy planes to forewarn our interceptor and anti-aircraft teams.
Expand Air Unions
Our programme of aerodrome enlargement was of great benefit to the expansion of the Republican Air Force, but proved to be a substantial administrative burden. With the air force now well-established, the Air Union programme can be expanded.
Britain Within the International
Britain's political factions advocate quite different foreign policy approaches. With the turbulent 1936 special session of the TUC at an end, Britain's place in the world, and especially its relationship with its socialist comrades of the Third Internationale, must be reassessed.
Norwegian Comrades
A more equitable Norway has arisen, and we will stand arm in arm with our socialist brethren there. The Norwegian and British people have much to offer each other, and as a gesture of our goodwill, we shall offer Norway generous economic assistance in exchange simply for future cooperation.
Irish Comrades
With the light of socialism at last shining upon the Emerald Isle, the time for reconciliation between our historically closely linked peoples has come. Not only should we send diplomats and politicians to Dublin, but also representatives of the most successful British syndicates to help Ireland along the path of progress.
Class Warfare
War is upon us, and to preserve our great nation and secure our liberty, all working men must now unite for victory. We should promote the spirit of unity, self-sacrifice, and most of all, renewed class consciousness, to augment our war effort.
Bletchley Park
In the north of Buckinghamshire, a crack team of military intelligence researchers has emerged. Despite minimal funding, the Bletchley Park Electrician's Union, in coordination with our foreign intelligence service, has produced singular results. We should expand Bletchley Park's facilities and provide them with substantial state funding.
Support Foreign Comrades
If socialism is to survive, all socialist nations must thrive. It is our duty as socialists to assist the formerly downtrodden peoples around the globe who now valiantly rise up against their oppressors.
Mexican Comrades
The people of Mexico were among the first to cast off the chains of capitalist exploitation. Mexico remains, however, quite underdeveloped. We possess the means to help the Mexicans better their lot, and such assistance would surely foster closer ties between our nations.
Mission to Australasia
Socialism down-under is in dire straits. If our comrades are to fight capitalist tyranny successfully, they must have assistance.
Australasian Comrades
Now that socialism down-under has stabilised, we much give them what support we can to avoid them slipping back into their old ways.
Indian Comrades
Britain was once the oppressor of the Indian people. However, the strength of the relationship between our two peoples, regardless of the unfortunate circumstance in which it was built, is undeniable. Through economic assistance to the Bharatiya People's Republic, we can begin to put right the injustices of history, and in the process, strengthen the socialist cause.
The 1936 Congress of the Trade Unions
This year's congress will probably be a bit special - the ageing Chairman Tom Mann has indicated that he intends to resign. The decentralisationist Autonomists, the establishment but factionalised Federationists, and the radical, centralist Maximists are all vying for the control over Labour's incoming delegates for the Congress. These will be nights to remember...
Central Industry Research
To prepare our Syndicalist industry for the fight against the Capitalists, we should establish the Department for Central Industry Research. This office will help us overcome inefficiency.
Local Help Initiative
Many Comrades in the Union of Britain are still living in great poverty. The bureaucracy has done little to help them. If we extended our support of the local councils, these suffering people would finally feel the blessings of the revolution.
Expand Industry: Wales and the Midlands
The capitalist regime of old neglected Wales and the Midlands for centuries, and allowed, if not outright encouraged, the gradual depopulation of the region as its labourers migrated to England's southern cities for menial jobs. The great economic potential of these regions and its people thus remains largely untapped; for the benefit of all, we must invest!
Militarised Industry
Only through relentless efficiency and discipline, even in the most mundane of tasks, will we be able to beat the capitalists.
Expand Industry: Scotland
Scotland to has been left behind, had its people neglected and its wealth stolen by the capitalist pigs. No more; today investment will flow north!
Renovation of the Motorways
The large roadway networks linking the Great British cities are in a horrid state. By investing into our infrastructure, we will assure flawless cooperation between Syndicates all over the island.
Local Talent Initiative
We cannot afford to waste innovative talent just because it is not centred in the metropolitan areas. We need to support local talent.
Expand Local Initiative
While we have granted much power to the local communes, they continue to deal primarily with the central government. We should make reaching the central government harder so that our workers will work with each other for true socialist progress.
The Central Intelligence Committee
Sometimes, even the most diligent Syndicalist needs a small reminder of his duties. Sometimes, that reminder should be given from behind a revolvers' sights.
A New Capital
London has long held a privileged place in Britain, and has become swamped by Centralism and bureaucracy; the TUC's current location reinforces this. Only by moving to a smaller city, one at the heart of Britain, and thus within reach of all its people, will we able to guarantee fair representation for all. This city will be Birmingham.
Home Rule
Syndicalism has to be achieved locally. Some offices, like tax enforcers - nobody likes those people anyway - can be moved to the home nation capitals of Cardiff and Edinburgh. They can prepare the establishment of local TUCs.
Dissolve the National TUC
The Trade Union Congress has served its purpose. While it once represented the Syndicalist dream of true proletarian government, it now symbolises Centralist repression to many. With the success of our initial decentralisation efforts, the time has come to make the People's Palace the seat of a new, English TUC. The remains of the Union will be dealt with shortly.
Devolution
With the establishment of TUCs in Cardiff and Edinburgh, the process of Devolution will come to a successful end.
Evolution
Both the Autonomists and the Maximists are trying to change an already working machine. British Syndicalism is fine as it is; If only they would understand that...
The Grand Protector
While it is unconstitutional, unifying the offices of Chairman and General-Secretary of the TUC, the latter currently held by the Deputy Chair, into the new office of Grand Protector of the Union of Britain will give us much more power to push through our reforms.
Revolution
This whole 'reforming the country' business has turned out to be very boring. We can attempt one swift strike to totally seize the means of politics and make our political programme a reality. This will be risky, though.
Centralised Planning
The Republican Army is at the pinnacle of professionalism in the Internationale's military forces but not yet able to take on Germany the Exiles. While the lower officers might not like it, all decision making must be centralised and well organised.
Maintain Officer Autonomy
The Republican Army was built on the principle that the officer on the ground knows his men and the situation best allowing swifter planning and better morale. Why fix what isn't broken?
Reinforce the Republican Army
As storm clouds gather over Europe, we can no longer watch idly by as the world changes. The Republican Army, the protectors of Britain and our revolution, must stand firm and ready to face the storm lest we be washed away by the tide of history.
Create the Republican Integrated Command
The current high command is prone to petty bickering, cliquishness and all manner of silly arguing. By creating one efficient and integrated command structure, we can vastly improve the capabilities of the army.
On Foreign Shores
Britain is an island nation and our enemies gaze on us from upon the seas. If we are to ever put an end to them then our soldiers must be prepared to fight on foreign shores.
The Special Air Service
The young and enterprising officer, David Stirling, has come up with an idea for a highly trained elite special forces unit called the Special Air Service which will be the peak of Commando operations. We can only support this measure...
Doctrinal Studies
Now that the military order has been changed, we need to optimise the organisation of logistics, messages and orders, all that small, boring stuff that wins wars.
Equipment Upgrades
The equipment of the soldiers of the Revolution can never be perfect enough - time to improve upon our tried and tested design for a mainline machine gun!
Expand Female Auxiliary Service
Currently the women's auxiliary service allows women to serve in varying army and support roles but it is in poor shape and mired in bureaucracy. Frankly it should be more integrated into the army and expanded, to free more men up for the fight and let women do their service for Britain.
Atlantic Fleet Manoeuvres
With the newest aircraft carrier RNS Rebecca fully operational the Republican Navy was ready to reclaim her rightful position among the mightiest navies of the world. Iceland and the Azores are perfect targets for presenting to both the Kaiser and the wretched Exiles our true might.
Mobilised Industry
We need to convert every single Industrial complex to produce material valuable to the war effort.
Military Industry: Southern England
While the south hasn't been neglected to the same degree as other regions, its workers will still under invested in. By investing in the area and expanding the talent of the great syndicalist workers there will be able to grow military industry rapidly.
Military Industry: Northern England
It is time to make the North of England a great 'Northern Powerhouse'! With enough investment it will soon be creating arms to support those fighting for workers the world over.
Industrial Veteran Programme
Promoting practical experience in the factories will lead to a further increase in efficiency.
Statistical Warfare
This war will be won on the tables and chalkboards of the mathematicians and researchers. We have to set our priorities accordingly.
Victory at the Home Front
We beat the capitalists in the factories. Who would have thought?
The Damocles Project
Inspired by the Cambridge Conference during the Tenth Congress of the Third Internationale, a reunion took place today at the University of Cambridge. A group of theoretical physicists from Britain and France are requesting funding for the establishment of the 'Damocles Project', a joint British-French committee for nuclear research.
MAUD Committee
While the Damocles Project held great promise, the refusal by [FRA.GetNameDef] to take part crippled the cooperation between our scientists and theirs. Regardless, we must persevere and try to figure out what uses we can make of the atom. We shall base a new research centre in Manchester.
The Final Struggle
We shall go on to the end, we shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our Island, whatever the cost may be, we shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender!
Artillery Integration Research
A Focus on artillery research will lead to improved integration into our combat units. This is, apparently, a good thing.
Tank Research
Innovations in Tank Design will make our forces both more manoeuvrable as well as more durable. What's not to love?
Fighter Research
The enemy may focus on bomber research - but what good are improved payloads if they only hit the ground together with their burning bomber?
Light Bomber Research
While control of the skies is essential, what good is an air force if it does not assist the men on the ground? Light bombers, both specialised for direct support and destruction of hard targets, will allow our troops to fight that much more effectively.
Motorised Research
While tanks are good and all somehow it seems they become even more useful when the infantry can actually keep up with them. Maybe we should investigate this circumstance.
Fortress Britain
There will not be a second 'Peace with Honour' - we will stand to the last soldier. We shall fight on the beaches...
Blood, Toil, Tears and Sweat
Never was so much owed by so many to so few. The inspiring actions of our forces will help hold the Union together.
Mission to Norway
Norway is rife for Syndicalism. We could send a team of politically experienced advisors and leaders to the Norwegian Syndicalist Party, bringing pressure on the capitalists and supporting the Syndicalists.
Controlling the Skies
For thousands of years, Britain could rely on the Sea to keep it safe from any invaders. For the first time we have to confront the real possibility of an airborne invasion. But we can rely on a doctrine well-tested: simply build as many as the next two together. More Fighters! More Bombers!
R.A.D.A.R.
A new technology by the name of R.A.D.A.R. could help us avoid suffering what we want to inflict on our enemies.
Another Congress of the Trade Unions
The world has changed in the last few years, and now would be a perfect opportunity to review our leaders. The Chairman has calls for elections in all major posts, including his own.
The State of the Economy
Our economy was enlarged in the time leading up to the war. The extraordinary congress now has to face the decision of either pushing for further expansion or prioritising the healing of the wounds inflicted by the war.
Demobilisation Programme
Fighting the war was hard; Living peace will be even harder. A programme to ensure a regulated turn to peace production is in order.
Cut Out Red Tape
Fighting a war often allows for some more unsavoury elements of the bureaucracy to carve out their own little empires while the government is embroiled in defending the homeland. We need to overcome these war profiteers with all due haste.
Britain sacrificed almost a million men in the Weltkrieg and had nothing to show for it. The next five years of anger, recession and crisis culminated in a national General Strike, which in turn ignited into revolution. The fleeing of the Royal Family at the end of 1925 saw the rise of a new Union of Britain, dominated by socialist forces, but the decade since has been stormy. Deadlock, paranoia over royalist subversion and a bitter political climate have led to growing authoritarianism, with a dominant yet deeply divided Labour Party at the helm. However, even if they're at each other's throats, everyone can agree on one thing: the Red Flag must keep flying.
GFX_ENG_intro
The New Britain
The Victorian golden era saw the British Empire ascend to a superpower status, the likes of which the world had never seen before, an empire on which the sun would never set. The Royal Navy dominated the seven seas, unchallenged by her rivals and the British Army could lord upon a colonial empire, the largest in history. But in 1914, decades of deft diplomacy and Continental politicking, the world would be set ablaze. Plunged into a conflict of such an immense scale, the geopolitical axis of the world would be thrown into shambles and entire generations of young men were sacrificed to the engines of war. The devastation wrought on the population coupled with the post-war economic decline, the Great Slump, brought Britain to her knees as the gap between the haves and the have-nots became a gaping chasm.\n\nAfter years of austerity and political scandal, prospective army cuts, by an unpopular Conservative-led National Government, pushed the nation over the brink at last and years of festering anger would boil over into outright rebellion. The British Civil War would devestate the island over the course of 1924 and 1925 during which George Lansbury and Arthur Cook declared the Union of Britain, the second major socialist state to come to fruition in the defeated West. After over a year of brutal fighting, rampant devastation and misery for the populace, the Red flag flew proudly over London and the old order had been driven from the Isles. To the shock of the world, Great Britain was now a socialist regime, isolated and rebuilding after the destruction of her revolution. While the scars of war ran deep, optimism set in and civil government would return under a markedly radical socialist regime led by a coalition parliamentary Labour notables, orthodox syndicalists and trade unionists. Old Labour and the trade unions had been converted to embrace the path of revolution at last, even if a more moderate one.\n\nBut by 1931, the growing syndicalist wing of the party had assumed control and finally took power under the syndicalist veteran, Tom Mann. The syndicalist orthodoxy was not yet cemented until 1932 when Mann forcibly disbanded the renegade Provincial Parliament and killed off the opposition with it, transforming Britain into a de facto one party state. Further scandals would abound and destroy his first administration, giving rise to the young and ambitious Oswald Mosley, of the growing 
§MAutonomists§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$):\n£white_dot In the 1936 Congress of Trade Unions, choose at least 2 §RAutonomist§! policies and Niclas y Glais will be elected chairman.\n£white_dot After the end of the Weltkrieg, you will be able to devolve power to Wales and Scotland releasing both as puppets.\n£white_dot If the capital was kept in London, you will be renamed to the Union of England.\n\n§MHornerists and Pankhurstites§! ($syndicalist_coloured$):\n£white_dot In the 1936 Congress of Trade Unions, choose at least two §rFederationist§! policies which will result in the victory of the §rFederationist§! coalition led either by Arthur Horner or Sylvia Pankhurst.\n£white_dot Alternatively, if all three factions have the same number of policies the §rFederationists§! will break from their coalition and form a new coalition with either the §RAutonomists§! or the §oMaximists§! under the continuing leadership of Tom Mann.\n£white_dot After the Weltkrieg if Pankhurst was elected she can continue as Chairwoman outside of the coalition as leader of the §rPankhurstites§!.\n£white_dot If Horner is in charge, or Mann has passed away and been succeeded by Horner, he can be reelected outside of the coalition leading the §rHornerists§!. Alternatively Clement Attlee or Ellen Wilkinson can replace him as leader instead.\n\n§MMaximists-Mosley Dictatorship§! ($totalist_coloured$):\n£white_dot In the 1936 Congress of Trade Unions, choose at least 2 §oMaximist§! policies and Oswald Mosley will be elected chairman\n£white_dot If desired Mosley can then be empowered as dictator through three different routes.\n£white_dot Firstly you can attempt to pass the Law for Enabling Control, which has a 70% chance of directly succeeding and a 30% chance of being stalled.\n£white_dot If the bill is stalled, having Eric Blair speak on its behalf will guarantee the passing of the bill.\n£white_dot The second option is to arrest the opposition, which will lead to some of them holding up in their homes. If the army is ordered to fire upon them, this path will always succeed.\n£white_dot Lastly Mosley can declare martial law, which has a 50% chance of Mosley being overthrown and a 50% chance of meeting resistance. If resistance is met, firing upon them will always succeed.\n\n§MMaximists-No Dictatorship§! (§oTotalists§! / §RRadical Socialists§!):\n£white_dot If Mosley is elected and his Revolution fails without him being ousted he will remain as chairman, being one of the two §oMaximist§! candidates in the election after the Weltkrieg alongside Eric Blair.\n£white_dot If Mosley is ousted, John Strachey can instead be elected as the Maximist candidate.\n£white_dot If Mosley's revolution fails he can instead attempt to declare himself Chairman for Life instead of the election, and if Eric Blair is not assassinated Blair will coup Mosley and become leader of the §RActionists§!.\n
Britain
British
Britain
Union of Britain
the Union of Britain
Union of Britain
the Union of Britain
Union of Britain
the Union of Britain
England
English
England
Union of England
the Union of England
Union of England
the Union of England
Union of England
the Union of England
Oswald Mosley
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 16th, 1896, in Mayfair, London, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSir Oswald Ernald Mosley, 6th Baronet of Ancoats. At least until he cast off his titles in the 20s as a symbolic display of his revolutionary loyalty. Known as 'Tom' by his family and friends, this young man has scaled the dizzying heights of success from an ambitious young MP to now the undisputed Chairman of the Union of Britain. Beginning his rise as a progressive minded Conservative MP for Harrow in 1919, Mosley soon left to stand as an Independent to pursue his own programme before being swayed into the ILP by the Webb's. It was here he found his people: the dreamers and the ideologues; the young and the ambitious. First elected as an ILP MP, Mosley was either loved or loathed by his Labour colleagues, but was widely regarded as an up and coming PM. Enamoured with Keynes, Mosley first fused it with socialism during these years and it has remained a key tenet of his beliefs. So when the Revolution came, there was not a doubt in Mosley's mind who to support. Working as an administrator and orator for rebel forces, Mosley was instrumental in the 1925 Birmingham Uprising but in the post-revolution status quo, there was no call for young men who dared to dream. Spurned by dusty old union men, Mosley left the country and returned a man with ideas and ambition.\n\nForming his own Popular Revolution Party to advance his career within Labour, Mosley won a seat as an aviation unionist and he was once again thrust into the limelight, seen as a youthful man of action belonging to the next generation of politicians. With support from across the political spectrum swelling for his radical ideas at transforming Britain, Chairman Cook took notice and appointed him as a Junior member of the Ministry of Works in charge of public infrastructure. Mosley excelled and when his boss Jimmy Thomas was under fire for corruption, he stabbed him in the back, took his spot and come 1932 led the smashing of the Liberals. With a name for himself, it was only a matter of time before he became Mann's Deputy. And now with the old Mann gone, Mosley is ready to drag Britain into its glorious future.§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 16th, 1896, in Mayfair, London, England§!
John Strachey
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 21st, 1901, in Guildford, Surrey, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJournalist by trade, Maximist disciple and close friend of Oswald Mosley, John Strachey is a name to be reckoned with and his risen exponentially in the Union of Britain. Coming off the back of Mosley's disgraceful collapse, Strachey has been poised to take the reins and has since taken the Maximists away from the cultist devotion that surrounded his friend and mentor. A self-proclaimed 'liberal Maximist', Strachey aligns closely with the economic organisation and principles of the Maximist state but is less so inclined to its totalitarian and ultra-statist philosophy.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 21st, 1901, in Guildford, Surrey, England§!
Rajani Palme Dutt
§YBorn:§! §LJune 19th, 1896, in Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe scion of an Indian doctor and Swedish mother, Rajani Palme Dutt's name carries much weight in British syndicalist circles for having been a founding member of the Syndicalist Party of Great Britain, the revolutionary forerunner to the contemporary political scene. However, despite his nominal commitment to the syndicalist orthodoxy Dutt had gradually drifted back into supporting Leninist theory and became the centre of a small-clique of self-proclaimed Vanguardists, too authoritarian for the Federationists but despising the revisionist traitors of the Maximists. With Britain brought to heel and the Revolution restored, Dutt stands as a loyal collaborator in reshaping the revolution into what could have been.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 19th, 1896, in Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, England§!
Arthur Horner
§YBorn:§! §LApril 5th, 1894, in Merthyr Tydfil, Glamorganshire, Wales§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe thought of a Welsh coal miner is unlikely to conjure up the image of Arthur Lewis Horner: a relatively small man sporting round spectacles and a bookish look about him. But this would betray the career of the revolutionary that is Arthur Horner.\n\nStarting his career as a lay evangelical Christian, the radical politics of the Rhondda Valley saw Horner follow Keir Hardie into the ILP and become the protégé of Noah Ablett, one of the earliest proponents of a 'rational syndicalism' in Britain. Under Ablett's tutelage, Horner became a committed Marxist and syndicalist but, opposing the Great War, he fled to Ireland and later fought for Jim Connolly's Irish Citizen Army during the Easter Rising. After a spell in prison, Horner followed Ablett and his friend, A.J. Cook into becoming founding members of the SPGB and later befriending his future ally, Tom Mann, with who he helped found the NMM.\n\nSoon, worker's discontent led to revolution. Horner served first as an organiser of rebel soldiers and then as a delegate to the renegade Cardiff Commune where he worked as Ablett's private secretary. When the revolution was won, Horner opted to enter the national TUC on his mentor's advice, but being too junior for a government posting he instead focused on restructuring the NMM, bringing him to Mann's attention. With Ablett struggling with alcoholism and cancer, Horner resigned his seat on the eve of 1931 and sought election to the Welsh Regional Congress to continue Ablett's work, soon being elected the Welsh Chairman. A savvy diplomat, Horner became a close ally in the Mann government - helping shore up Mann's administration in a region well known for its radicalism and nonconformity. It wouldn't be long before a growing clique of like-minded reformists began to surround 'The Negotiator': impressed with his pragmatic approach to politics and turned off by Mann's militancy. Now the Negotiator is in the driving seat, ready to build a new orthodoxy for all.§!
§YBorn:§! §LApril 5th, 1894, in Merthyr Tydfil, Glamorganshire, Wales§!
Sylvia Pankhurst
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1882, in Old Trafford, Manchester, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhile most of the British Syndicalist establishment can claim to have participated in one victorious revolution, few can claim to have fought in two. For Estelle Sylvia Pankhurst, revolution started young. After all, the name Pankhurst has meaning: the suffragette movement.\n\nSylvia became a suffragette in 1906, dedicating her life to the work of her mother's WPSU. In that fight she was arrested eight times, and her hunger strikes brought her to national fame. Dissatisfied with the WSPU's social elitism, and with family friends Keir Hardie and Tom Mann supporting her, Pankhurst organised her own political outfit. It was here, as she opposed conscription in the Great War (breaking with her family over the issue) that Pankhurst radicalised to the left, going from suffrage fighter to fire-breathing revolutionary.\n\nBut Pankhurst was never loyal to institutions - she has belonged to 10 different political parties over the last 30 years. While she did join the SPGB upon its formation, the opponent of parliamentarianism left over the issue of affiliation with the Labour Party. Gaining a derisive reputation of being “politically promiscuous”, the zealous Pankhurst actively fought in the British Revolution, but still didn't reintegrate into the political establishment for years afterwards - eventually reconciling her “unhampered” principles with a need to be “among comrades”. It wasn't until 1933 that Pankhurst returned from the wilderness, becoming a lighting rod for reformers and radicals of all stripes. Her old friend has now retired, and Pankhurst's zealous, previously dissident form of syndicalism has replaced him. Sylvia Pankhurst is now the most powerful woman in the world, and she fully intends to use that power to free the peoples of the world.§!
Tom Mann
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1856, in Coventry, Warwickshire, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIt'd be impossible to detail everything that Tom Mann, the Second Chairman of the Union of Britain, has done in his long life, but rest assured that his fingerprints are upon seemingly every syndicalist strike, movement and revolution since the late 1800s, in Britain, Australia, and beyond. Tom Mann also has the dubious honour of being the oldest head of state in the world, but it would be a mistake to see him as tired and infirm. A vigorous workaholic, Mann remains a \
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1856, in Coventry, Warwickshire, England§!
Willie Gallacher
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1881, in Paisley, Renfrewshire, Scotland§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWilliam Gallacher founded the Labour Withholding Committee in opposition to the Weltkrieg era Munitions Act. Jailed in his native Glasgow for undermining the war effort, Gallacher became increasingly radicalised. Upon release from prison, Gallacher joined the Glasgow Trades Council, part of the greater British Trade Union Movement, and organised it into an effective militia force during the revolution.\n\nNow in charge of the Union, he will no doubt pursue the status quo course.§!
Ellen Wilkinson
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1891, in Chorlton-on-Medlock, Manchester, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRising from humble beginnings as the daughter of a Manchester insurance agent, 'Red Ellen' has come a long way serving in numerous education affiliated roles in the Union and then as Sylvia Pankhurst's trustworthy deputy. With Pankhurst opting to decline future leadership positions, Wilkinson has become her nominated successor and has already gained a reputation for hard work and dedication. However, there are some concerns surrounding her extensive and at times labourious schedule, heavy chain smoking and apparent illness...§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1891, in Chorlton-on-Medlock, Manchester, England§!
Clement Attlee
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1883, in Putney, London, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LClem Attlee, shocked and disgusted by the poverty he witnessed while working at youth charity, became a prominent figure within the Independent Labour Party, and eventually the Trade Union movement. His activism, however, was cut short by the Weltkrieg.\nAttlee served on multiple fronts during war, and was eventually promoted to the rank of major. While Attlee's army service did instil in him a strong work ethic, it only entrenched his opposition to rigid hierarchy.\n\nAttlee, in British politics, is an ally, but not formal member of, the Autonomists.§!
Ebenezer Edwards
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 30th, 1884, in Chevington, Northumberland, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAn old school Northern Unionist, Ebeneezer 'Ebby' Edwards is perhaps the living personification of the Union of Britain in much the same vein as John Bull is to Great Britain. Loud, domineering and a proper lad all round but with a caring heart and devotion to his constituents, Ebby Edwards is beloved by his supporters and decried as an anachronistic man-of-yesteryear by his opponents. Whatever made of him, his devotion to steering the ship of state right once more endears him to the people.§!
Central Committee
§YFounded:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1921, in Cardiff, Glamorganshire, Wales§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWith the Union searching for a leader to succeed the old Tom Mann, the General Council of the TUC has formed an interim collective government to govern the country. While the old union bosses are hardly a dynamic political force, they'll competently keep the wheels of state turning in the meantime.§!
§YBackground:§! §LWith Y Glais finally being able to fulfil his dream of transforming the Union, the last reform is to abolish the position of Chairman and instead replace it with a communal presidency headed by a committee elected by the regional TUCs.§!
Niclas y Glais
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1879, in Llanfyrnach, Pembrokeshire, Wales§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNiclas Y Glais and the poetry, both in English and Welsh, he penned regarding the struggles of the working class, inspired many typically conservative rural labourers to embrace the British Revolution; his Welsh translation of the British anthem \
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1879, in Llanfyrnach, Pembrokeshire, Wales§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNiclas Y Glais and the poetry, both in English and Welsh, he penned regarding the struggles of the working class, inspired many typically conservative rural labourers to embrace the British Revolution; his Welsh translation of the British anthem \
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1879, in Llanfyrnach, Pembrokeshire, Wales§!
Eric Blair
§YBorn:§! §LJune 25th, 1903, in Motihari, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEric Blair, the famous writer who helped propel his long-time ally Oswald Mosley to political prominence, came gradually to oppose Mosley. At every opportunity, Mosley seemed to tread upon the principles of the Union of Britain and the revolution which created it.\n\nBlair, with political triumph over his old friend, has vowed to restore to the people of Britain the freedoms Mosley so egregiously stripped from them.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 25th, 1903, in Motihari, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Fenner Brockway
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 1st, 1888, in Calcutta, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
J.T. Murphy
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 9th, 1888, in Manchester, England§!
George Hardy
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 26th, 1884, in Cottingham, East Yorkshire, England§!
Wilfred Risdon
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 28th, 1896, in Bath, Somerset, England§!
Alexander Raven Thomson
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 3rd, 1899, in Edinburgh, Edinburghshire, Scotland§!
John Beckett
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 11th, 1894, in Hammersmith, London, England§!
Harry Pollitt
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1890, in Droylsden, Lancashire, England§!
Abe Moffat
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1896, in Lumphinnans, Fifeshire, Scotland§!
Manny Shinwell
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 18th, 1884, in Spitalfields, London, England§!
R.H. Tawney
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1883, in Putney, London, England§!
Alfred Salter
§YBorn:§! §LJune 16th, 1873, in Greenwich, London, England§!
G.D.H. Cole
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1889, in Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, England§!
Harold Nicolson
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 21st, 1886, in Tehran, Persia§!
William Temple
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1881, in Exeter, Devon, England§!
Aneurin Bevan
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 15th, 1897, in Tredegar, Monmouthshire, Wales§!
Jorian Jenks
§YBorn:§! §LApril 4th, 1899, in Oxford, Oxfordshire, England§!
Alexander Fleming
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 6th, 1881, in Darvel, Ayrshire, Scotland§!
Percy Glading
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 29th, 1893, in Wanstead, Essex, England§!
Basil Liddel Hart
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 31st, 1895, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!
Edmund Ironside
§YBorn:§! §LMay 6th, 1880, in Edinburgh, Edinburghshire, Scotland§!
Jack Jones
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 24th, 1884, in Merthyr Tydfil, Glamorganshire, Wales§!
Bernard Paget
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1887, in Oxford, Oxfordshire, England§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1887, in Oxford, Oxfordshire, England§!
Percy Hobart
§YBorn:§! §LJune 14th, 1885, in Naini Tal, North-Western Provinces and Oudh, British India§!
Frederick Browning
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 20th, 1896, in Kensington, London, England§!
Eric Charles Hayes
§YBorn:§! §LJune 19th, 1896, in London, England§!
Brian Horrocks
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 7th, 1895, in Ranikhet, North-Western Provinces and Oudh, British India§!
Tom Wintringham
§YBorn:§! §LMay 15th, 1898, in Grimsby, Lincolnshire, England§!
Raymond Briggs
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 19th, 1895, in Blundellsands, Lancashire, England§!
Ronald Scobie
§YBorn:§! §LJune 8th, 1893, in Mandalay, Mandalay Division, Province of Burma, British India§!
William Gott
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 13th, 1897, in Scarborough, North Yorkshire, England§!
Thomas Jacomb Hutton
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 27th, 1890, in Nottingham, Nottinghamshire, England§!
Eric Dorman-Smith
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 24th, 1895, in Cootehill, Co. Cavan, Ireland§!
Kenneth Anderson
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 8th, 1910, in Bolarum, Hyderabad State, India§!
Clement Armitage
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1881, in Honley, West Yorkshire, England§!
Herbert Lumsdon
§YBorn:§! §LApril 8th, 1897, in Santiago, Republic of Chile§!
Kenneth Strong
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 9th, 1900, in Montrose, Forfarshire, Scotland§!
Fred Copeman
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1907, in Beccles, Suffolk, England§!
George Nathan
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1895, in Hackney, London, England§!
James Brewer
§YBorn:§! §LApril 7th, 1913, in Rhymney, Monmouthshire, Wales§!
Bill Alexander
§YBorn:§! §LJune 13th, 1910, in Ringwood, Hampshire, England§!
David Stirling
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 15th, 1915, in Keir House, Perthshire, Scotland§!
Ronald Forbes Adam
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 30th, 1885, in Bombay, Presidency of Bombay, British India§!
Giffard Le Quesne Martel
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 10th, 1889, in Southampton, Hampshire, England§!
William Slim
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 6th, 1891, in Bishopston, Bristol, England§!
Max Horton
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 29th, 1883, in Rhosneigr, Anglesey, Wales§!
Reginald Drax
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 28th, 1880, in Marylebone, London, England§!
Edward Evans
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 28th, 1880, in London, England§!
Geoffrey Layton
§YBorn:§! §LApril 20th, 1884, in Liverpool, Lancashire, England§!
Arthur Power
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1889, in London, England§!
Robert Don Oliver
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 17th, 1895, in Linton, Roxburghshire, Scotland§!
Bernard Warburton-Lee
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 13th, 1895, in Wrexham, Denbighshire, Wales§!
Frederic John Walker
§YBorn:§! §LJune 3rd, 1896, in Plymouth, Devon, England§!
Algernon Willis
§YBorn:§! §LMay 17th, 1889, in Hampstead, London, England§!
Percy Addison
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1875, in Portsmouth, Hampshire, England§!
Edmund Anstice
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1899, in Monkton and Prestwick, Ayrshire, Scotland§!
Geoffrey Barnard
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 12th, 1902, in London, England§!
Frank Pegram
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 25th, 1890, in Liverpool, Lancashire, England§!
Anthony Pugsley
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 7th, 1901, in Tiverton, Devon, England§!
Katherine Furse
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 23rd, 1875, in Bristol, England§!
Richard Cayley
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1907, in Ahmadnagar, Presidency of Bombay, British India§!
Stephen Beattie
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 29th, 1908, in Leighton, Montgomeryshire, Wales§!
Donald Macintyre
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 26th, 1904, in Dehra, United Provinces of Agra and Oudh, British India§!
Noel Mason-Macfarlane
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 23rd, 1889, in Cookham, Berkshire, England§!
Frederick Pile
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1884, in Dublin, Co. Dublin, Ireland§!
Herbert Richmond
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1871, in Hammersmith, London, England§!
Frederick Field
§YBorn:§! §LApril 18th, 1871, in Killarney, Co. Kerry, Ireland§!
Richard Bell-Davies
§YBorn:§! §LMay 19th, 1886, in Kensington, London, England§!
Hugh Dowding
§YBorn:§! §LApril 24th, 1882, in Moffat, Dumfriesshire, Scotland§!
Basil Embry
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 28th, 1902, in Gloucestershire, England§!
Edward Ellington
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 30th, 1877, in Kensington, London, England§!
Keith Park
§YBorn:§! §LJune 15th, 1892, in Thames, Colony of New Zealand§!
Ralph Cochrane
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 24th, 1895, in Springfield, Fife, Scotland§!
John Slessor
§YBorn:§! §LJune 3rd, 1897, in Ranikhet, North-Western Provinces and Oudh, British India§!
Charles Broad
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 29th, 1882, in Lahore, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
Bruce Fraser
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 5th, 1888, in Acton, London, England§!
Arthur Tedder
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 11th, 1890, in Glenguin, Stirlingshire, Scotland§!
Republican General Defence Command
§YFounded:§! §LJune 5th, 1925, in the Lawrence Buildings, Manchester, England§!
James Chadwick
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 20th, 1891, in Bollington, Cheshire, England§!
John Cockcroft
Frank Whittle
Nevil Shute Norway
Robert Watson-Watt
Barnes Wallis
Alan Turing
§YBorn:§! §LJune 23rd, 1912, in Maida Vale, London, England§!
Charles Lillicrap
Herbert Matthews
Ivan Lyon
The Grand Protector
Chairman for Life
