Socialist Republic of Italy Focus Tree
Socialist Italy
Socialist Italian
Socialist Italy
Socialist Republic of Italy
Italian
the Socialist Republic of Italy
Socialist Republic of Italy
Italian
the Socialist Republic of Italy
Socialist Republic of Italy
Italian
the Socialist Republic of Italy
Italy
Italian
Italy
Socialist Republic of Italy
the Socialist Republic of Italy
Socialist Republic of Italy
the Socialist Republic of Italy
Socialist Republic of Italy
the Socialist Republic of Italy
Italian Social Republic
Italian
the Italian Social Republic
Italian Social Republic
Italian
the Italian Social Republic
Italian Democratic Workers' Republic
Italian
the Italian Democratic Workers' Republic
FAR
Fascio d'Azione Rivoluzionaria
Partito del Lavoro Fascista
PdLF
Partito Comunista d'Italia
PCd'I
CGdL-USI (IOS)
Confederazione Generale del Lavoro - Unione Sindacale Italiana (Sezione Italiana dell'Internazionale Operaia Sindacalista)
CGIL
Confederazione Generale Italiana del Lavoro
PdA
Partito d'Azione
PCS
Partito Cristiano Sociale
PRI
Partito Repubblicano Italiano
UDN
Unione Democratica Nazionale
AC/FUCI
Azione Cattolica / Federazione Universitaria Cattolica Italiana
Confindustria
Confindustria
FMC
Fronte Militare Clandestino
FMC (Camicie Azzurre)
Fronte Militare Clandestino (Sempre Pronti per la Patria e per il Re)
Massive Protests
Expand Police Operations
Chetnik Operations
Chetniks on the Move
Leave an Opening
Join the Third Internationale
Both Germany and Austria are leery of a formal alliance being created between the Third Internationale and [Root.GetNameDef], whereby French and British forces would be called in to help us reunite Italy under syndicalist rule. Should any major power become involved in Italy, however, or should war begin between [FRA.GetNameDef] and [GER.GetNameDef] once again, then all bets are off.
Italy was divided during the Italian Civil War. However, at long last, the Socialist Republic of Italy has triumphed and now we have unified the country again.
The time has come for Risorgimento to be completed - we must liberate the workers of [From.GetNameDef] and incorporate them into the Socialist Republic.
Rally Support Within [ITA.GetNameDef]
There exists a network of syndicalists within [ITA.GetNameDef], those who would rise up if called. They've been working ever since the civil war, and while their forces might ultimately not tip the balance in our favour, we can use all the help that's available.
Invite [From.GetNameDef] into the [Root.GetFactionName]
Both Germany and Austria are leery of a formal alliance being created between the [Root.GetFactionName] and [From.GetNameDef], whereby our forces would be called in to help [From.GetNameDef] reunite Italy under syndicalist rule. Should any major power become involved in the region, however, or should we find ourselves at war with [GER.GetNameDef] once again, then all bets are off.
The Future of the Socialist Republic
Trade Unions Ascendant
Empowered Presidency
Parliamentary Balance
Building Italy's Future
The Presidency
The Trade Unions
Abuse Presidential Powers
Launch Protest Strikes
Unleash the Blackshirts
Negotiate with Factory Cooperatives
£command_power §H30§! £pol_power §H10§!
£command_power §R30§! £pol_power §R10§!
It costs $SRI_CP_30_PP_10_blocked$ to take the decision
Held the §Y1936 Elections§!
Italy has been unified
§YAny Italy§!: Does not have national spirit §Y$italy_balance_idea$§!
§YAny Italy§!: Has national spirit §Y$italy_balance_idea$§!
§Y[SRI.GetNameDefCap]§! will not be able to join the Third Internationale, though it can receive volunteers and other limited support from them, provided the balance is not upset by another major power intervening in the region.\n\n
This action will break the balance in Italy - §Y[SRI.GetNameDef]§! will be able to join the Third Internationale without fear of intervention!\n\n
§Y[GER.GetNameDefCap]§! will be alarmed by this action and may elect to intervene in the war against us!
Odero-Terni-Orlando
Cantieri Riuniti del Tirreno
Cantieri Riuniti dell'Adriatico
Dannunzian Coalition
Since 1934 the Socialist Republic has been governed by President Giulietti and Prime Minister Mussolini, ruling together in a nationalist and still internationalist fashion and evoking images of the great patriotic revolutionary martyr Gabriele d'Annunzio. In spite of all the propaganda, it's clear that the myth of D'Annunzio isn't nearly enough to solidify the government of a revolutionary nation; in addition, there are fears that Mussolini is working behind the scenes to erode our revolutionary democracy.
Broken Orthodoxy
Ministry of Public Security
Squadrismo
The Reformed Party
The Republican National Guard
Massive Protests
Party Opposition
Fulfilling Sansepolcro
The Italian Chetniks
Formed in 1919, the Clandestine Military Front (dubbed the \
Empowered Rural Unions
The Spirit of Parma
French-style Compromise
Fight for Internationalism
Empowered Urban Unions
The Federated Unions
Dismantling of the Fascist Para-State
New Agrarian Reform
Thought and Action
Oath of Sansepolcro
Recent Military Exercises
Recent Naval Exercises
The Historic Compromise
The New Anticlerical Offensive
Standardised Electrical Networks
Apulian Farming
Legione Proletaria
Guardia Rossa
Città del'Aria
Istituto di Studi Militari Marittimi
Città Eterna
§RMany powers oppose this move, especially in the FAR. Precautions are needed.§!
New §Gelections§! will be held in a month.
The §Yeffects of this focus§! will change depending on the §ccurrent Pope§!.
The §Sparty in charge§! at the time of the §Yfirst post-unification elections§! will determine the §Ypost-war political path§!.\n\n
§GIncreases§! the likelyhood of the §Ynext FMC attack being prevented§!, with its organisers arrested.
§RDecreases§! the likelyhood of the §Ynext FMC attack being prevented§!.
§RWhile their operations appear to have stopped, FMC units still roam the countryside, awaiting instructions from the Royalist government.§!
§RDemocracy in Italy will end.§!
§CIf all three of §Y$SRI_roberto_farinacci$§!, §Y$SRI_filippo_marinetti$§! and §Y$SRI_ettore_muti$§! are hired as political advisors beforehand:§!
Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale
§Y[159.GetName]§! will also gain §Y1 $industrial_complex$§! if controlled by §Y[ROOT.GetNameWithFlag]§!.
§Y[160.GetName]§! will also gain §Y1 $industrial_complex$§! if controlled by §Y[ROOT.GetNameWithFlag]§!.
[ROOT.SRI_GetLegioneProletariaCustomModifierTooltip]
[tech_anti_armour_tactics_effect]$SRI_armoured_car_production_bonus$\n$SRI_armour_production_bonus$
[tech_anti_armour_tactics_effect]$SRI_armour_production_bonus$
$SRI_armoured_car_production_bonus$\n$SRI_armour_production_bonus$
§Y$armored_car_equipment$§!: £GFX_production_cost  Production Cost:  [?-0.1|-=%2]
§Y$armor$§!: £GFX_production_cost  Production Cost:  [?-0.05|-=%2]
[ROOT.SRI_GetGuardiaRossaCustomModifierTooltip]
§CUpon completion of §Y$SRI_la_legione_proletaria$§! or §Y$SRI_la_guardia_rossa$§!§!:
The effect will also apply to these states if fully controlled:
§G§Y$assault_battalion$§! support will be added to the template if §Y$SRI_arditi_del_popolo$§! has been completed first.§!
§CUpon completion of §Y$SRI_citta_del_aria$§!§!:
[ROOT.SRI_GetCDACustomModifierTooltip]
§Y$air_equipment$§!: £GFX_production_cost  Production Cost:  [?-0.05|-=%2]
§CUpon completion of §Y$SRI_istituto_di_studi_militari_marittimi$§!§!:
[ROOT.SRI_GetISMMCustomModifierTooltip]
$SRI_screen_production_bonus$\n$SRI_capital_production_bonus$
§Y$screen_ship$§!: £GFX_production_cost  Production Cost:  [?-0.1|-=%2]
§Y$capital_ship$§!: £GFX_production_cost  Production Cost:  [?-0.1|-=%2]
Building a New Government
Giulietti's social-nationalist experiment has clearly failed, causing parliamentary gridlock in the wake of the new elections. We must however not show weakness; a new governing solution must be found.
Making the New Italy
After years of struggle, Italy is finally united; however, it is also clear that the compromise which encapsulated Socialist politics in the last years cannot last any longer. New elections have been scheduled: let us see what the morning sun brings.
Deal with the FMC
The Clandestine Military Front has been a thorn on our side for too long. With a stable government finally in place we can now see to at least contain and reduce their operations.
Crush the Chetniks
With Caviglia finally in our hands, nothing can stop our delivering of justice to the terrorists that have rampaged through our nation for so many years.
Attract Socialist Intellectuals
Across the Peninsula many socialist intellectuals still work for other governments or await their liberation. No more: let us call upon all these brave sons of Italy to come here (of course, with the promise of rightful compensation) and help in bringing the Revolution to our nation.
The Seven Points Manifesto
We will begin the process of enacting the Seven Points Manifesto. This will be the start of many hard nights for us to work on, and there are many who oppose this at every fibre of their being and will do anything to prevent this. But the fight will be worth it, for the new Italy to be born into a modern and free country.
Revise Colonial Agreements
The land reform programme of the socialist republic has, thus far, left much to be desired. Limited in scope and paternalistic in its supervision of the rural peasantry by the urban proletariat, it's long overdue for revision. The PdA has now advanced legislation to this effect, which would greatly empower the peasantry across all of Italy if passed.
The Regionalist Turn
It's important that the regional communities of Italy must have their rights respected and not be drawn down into the gutter because of Rome's ignorance of their plight. Promoted by Emilio Lussu and Gaetano Salvemini, we will push forward a new system that will grant regional union federations more freedom to plan their own accords.
Paneuropean Cooperation
Long ago, Rome once ruled a large amount of Europe, and today the nations of Europe can be considered her children. It makes sense for a new kind of Pan-European ideal to once again take root here, with the modern values of socialism and democracy to reunite us into an era of peace for the workers of Europe.
Enforced Secularism
One of the Seven Points is that of Secularism, which is necessary to prevent the stagnation caused by being biased by ones' religion. In order to complete our goals, the Catholic Church must be completely separated from the state, and education to be more inclusive to all faiths.
Liberalise the Unions
Workers now have the freedom to join the liberal unions rather than the urban-rural duopoly of CGdL and USI. This will also allow the liberal unions to have more political freedoms to function more independently in return.
Break the Enemies of Democracy
The fascist snakes lurk in the shadows to bite at the chance to end our freedom, so we in return will become the eagles that shall hunt them down. The FAR and Blackshirts will now be forced to disband, and any of them who are caught conspiring against democracy shall meet justice, namely that of the wannabe Caesar, Mussolini.
The Constitutional Restoration
Liberals also value freedom, and it would be rather tyrannical of us to exclude them from having a voice in politics on a radical system. The original constitution shall be restored, with a few revisions that are still geared towards workers' values.
A Compromise with the Unions
We mustn't forget our syndicalist brothers, as the Italian worker would not have been liberated without their help. Henceforth, Italy shall remain a pure and free workers' republic, and remnants of any reactionary forces that threaten this will now be cut permanently.
Reconcile with Likeminded Republicans
With our control of Italy ensured, we can offer an olive branch to the white officers sympathetic to our cause. Their expertise will be useful to the Revolution - not to mention, the people they worked with will be more prone to accepting the new status quo.
Amnesty for Service
Even more officers and soldiers fought against us not because of their ideological opposition to our Republic, but simply because of a sense of duty to the government they lived under. They don't truly hold a grudge against syndicalism, and will fight for us if we offer them an amnesty for their crimes against socialism.
The Syndicalist Orthodoxy
In spite of vicious attacks from the presidentialist FAR and Mussolini, the syndicalist orthodoxy established in 1919 lives on to see another day. Some things will need to change - interim president Giulietti is almost universally disliked and will rapidly be replaced - but we can rest assured that no one will threaten our democracy again.
Empower Urban Unions
The French-inspired compromise between urban and rural unions cannot hold. As the urban CGdL is by far the largest union in the country, it and her leader Giuseppe di Vittorio will lead Italy for the time being.
Empower Rural Unions
The French-inspired compromise between urban and rural unions cannot hold. With the rural anarchist USI being the most militant union in the country, it and her leader Alberto Meschi will continue our revolution.
Follow the Torch-Bearers
The urban-rural compromise will hold here as it did in France. Unity is, after all, our greatest strength; as such, the French-aligned Pietro Nenni will rise to the top, in a bid for socialist unification.
Exclude Catholic Unions
We cannot afford to come to a deal with the force that's working to destroy the Republic. Even if they may declare themselves loyal, the Catholic-aligned unions will have to be disbanded for the security of the Republic.
Compromise with the Church
Most of our population is Catholic and many trade unionists adhere to the Social Doctrine of the Church. Even if it pains us, we must come to an understanding with the Roman Catholic Church, for the stability of our nation.
The Spirit of Parma
In 1907, the USI led the biggest trade union demonstration in Italy prior to the 1919 revolution itself, and it was only due to the Socialist Party's inaction that we had to postpone the liberation of the proletariat for 12 years. The spirit of the Parma strikes lives on through us - and will be at the basis of the new Italy.
The Movement of True Action
While the bigger trade unions and the Socialist Party danced with reformism, our small USI always fought for the revolution and the liberation of all proletarians. Even if we lost some important voices on the way, we remain what we've always been - the only movement calling for true revolutionary action.
Crush the Squadracce
The fascist blackshirts continue to roam the country and attack our union organisations. The government must be clear - the mistakes that have been made since 1934 will be rectified, and the anti-democratic blackshirts destroyed in the process.
Empower the Federated Unions
We can't just empower the CGdL as a whole - the federated unions that form the confederation must be given the powers and liberties they need to protect and manage the Italian workers.
Appeal to Socialist Unity
The biggest strength of the Socialist Republic is our unity in the face of adversity. President Nenni knows this - which is why he's called for socialists of all denominations, and especially his moderate friend Giuseppe Saragat, to come back to the union of the Internationale.
Fight for Internationalism
We have seen it ourselves - the liberation of all workers can't coincide with nationalist bickering, and will always be fought by all anti-proletarian forces. We must be ready to fight for liberty - we will be ready!
The Federal Union
We have signed an interesting pact with the Church. With their support, the Catholic unions will be merged with the CGdL in a new, all-Italian federal union to coordinate the efforts of all workers towards their emancipation. This is sure to win us some much needed support.
Emphasise the Social Saints
The Church is, in fact, the first ally of the poor. In promoting our relationship with the church, we shall... ignore the last century of militant reaction; instead, we shall place our attention on the many low level priests who did much to help the proletariat.
Protect Local Democracy
As part of our deal with the Church, Catholic-aligned reactionary politicians will be allowed to run for office on the smallest scales of Government. While the Socialist Republic controls the nation and the cities, the Church will keep their hold of the countryside - in cooperation with our rule.
Revolutionary Expropriations
With a souring relationship with the church, we can't allow them to control the local governance of the nation. Even excluding the churches themselves, they control a myriad of other utility buildings - which will have to be nationalised.
Empower the Chambers of Labour
The local chambers of labour were initially instituted in the last century to deal with the power of the centrally appointed mayors, but now they have a new objective: crushing the power of the Church at the local level. This cannot be achieved actively: so instead, we will gradually shift local government powers into the Chambers.
Building a New Mythos
Garibaldi was an anticlerical, nationalist and yet progressive figure, who is the true father of modern Italy. We shall use his image as one of a new Italy built following his ideals.
The Fascist Revolution
With Italy united and our power secured, we can begin the true revolution in order to properly forge a new path for the Italian people. For alone we are weak, but together, like a bundle of sticks, we will become strong!
Abuse D'Annunzian Rhetoric
The spirit of D'Annunzio lives on! His ideals will be heavily promoted to the people of Italy who lived under the reactionary forces of the decadent regimes that once cornered us. Italia will be reborn and the old ideas... destroyed.
Institutionalise Squadrismo
Hidden among us, there are rats who wish to spread their plague and infect our perfect system! In return, our beloved Blackshirts will now be an important part of defending our way of life, from the parasitic reactionaries that lurk in the dark and the traitors that were our \
Leggi Fascistissime
It is time to truly entrench our rule, as no more shall any outsider have sway in the government. Italy shall only be led by one devout party, and no more shall the bureaucratic nature of the previous government will get in the way of our hopes and dreams of a strong independent Italy!
Reform the Party
There are those within our party who... don't understand Mussolini's loyalty to Italy. They deny that, without him, Italy would have been under the boot of the backwards reactionaries. So in return, they will be removed from power, and true loyalists shall be granted their posts. The party will be reborn into the Partito del Lavoro Fascista and follow Mussolini into hell without question!
Create the National Guard
The Blackshirts will be reformed into the National Republican Guard! A spiritual successor to the Carabinieri of the old royalist regime, to fight against any external and more importantly, any internal forces that seek to cause trouble and ruin the new prosperity that has been brought forth by our glorious leader.
[SRI.loyalty_to_mussolini_focus_name]
[SRI.loyalty_to_mussolini_desc]
Loyalty to Mussolini
The Leninist Comeback
Viva il Duce! Italy will forever be in his debt, as like Julius Caesar, he has marched onto Rome and faced many traitors, who would backstab him and cause ruin for the republic. But this time they have failed, the people of Italy shall look upon Mussolini as its very own national father.
Lenin lives once again! Togliatti has saved the republic after the downfall of Mussolini. We shall reignite the dreams of our fallen brothers in Russia, and the party will become the vanguard into the future of the Communist dream.
Fulfil Sansepolcro
Long ago in Piazza San Sepolcro, our movement was born, and with it, the Fascist Manifesto co-authored by Alceste De Ambris and Filippo Marinetti, written down to express the fascistic dream. Now we can finally seize the moment and achieve our wishes! Viva la nuova Italia!
The Black Flag
The old green, white and red hardly fit the new Italy, it's time for something to represent the new! Hoist the black flag! The fascio, which has been with us since our birth, will be the national symbol of Italy that the rest of the world will admire!
Complete the Revolution
Finally it is time to completely fulfil the revolution, the last reactionary elements that linger still, shall be uprooted and the seeds of fascism shall be planted in their place. Years from now, the people of Italy will look at this point in history as the moment where everything was changed for the greater good, once and for all.
Coerce the Church
The Church is both a massive hindrance to our power, and a potential powerful ally. We must force them to recognise that we are here to stay: we will try to be diplomatic, but will not shy away from radical measures if the Vatican resists.
Begin the Risorgimento
Risorgimento was the process by which Italy was originally united, however with the Italian Civil War in 1919, Italy was shattered into pieces. A new Risorgimento is needed now. One that will not just unite Italy but spread the revolution to all parts of the country.
Military Exercises
Before we begin the actual campaign of reunification we must do military exercises to prepare the army for the rigours of war that we shall be dealing with.
Naval Exercises
Before we begin the actual campaign of reunification we must do naval exercises to prepare the navy for the rigours of war that we shall be dealing with.
Revolutionary Irredentism
While we have destroyed the false countries that call themselves Italy or were on the Italian Peninsula, there are still many places outside of Italy that should belong to Italy or who should see the light of the revolution.
Create ENEL
Even after the revolution, electricity provision has been left to regional companies. No more: better efficiency will be achieved with the formation of one national energy body.
Elettro Treno Rapido
With the recent opening of the Bologna-Firenze Direttissima (\
Renew the Ricostruzione Industriale
As we prepare to bring the Revolution to the rest of the peninsula, we must expand our industrial base in order to counteract foreign investment in the breakaway states. The government will take an active approach in this reconstruction.
Foster Innovation
We already own most of Italy's industrial base; what we lack in international support, we can make up with innovation. The brightest minds of the Peninsula, of the World, even, work for our government, and will help the Revolution.
Legacy of Marconi
The foremost pioneer of radio communication, Guglielmo Marconi, hailed from our nation; it is imperative for us to honour his legacy, by finding (military) applications for the technology he gave us.
Cinecittà
With the liberation of Rome, we now have the opportunity to propagandise our revolutionary mission on the big screen. Special facilities shall be built in the capital to help in this task.
Expand Turin Polytechnic Institute
With Milan in foreign hands, Turin has been the base of operations for our scientists and engineers in the last decade. As the livelihood of the Republic depends on them, we shall grant them whatever support they may need.
Fermi's Nuclear Research
A new age of monstrous weapons is upon us. With Fermi and his Panisperna Boys having been instrumental in the theoretical and practical research into the power of the atom, we shall grant them even more support, so the terrible military applications of their work are used by the Socialist Republic and not her enemies.
Thermojet Experiments
General Crocco, a pioneer of aeronautics, has recently been leading the School of Aeronautical Engineering towards new, experimental technologies that could prove essential to our aerial superiority. Let us encourage this direction.
Syndical Conglomerates
The old French-inspired regional autonomous unions won't work anymore. In order to keep the economic and social unity of the nation, the various local unions shall be given a clear hierarchy and shall then respond to a federal authority.
Maximise Production Capacity
Thanks to our central planning policy, we can now be sure the Socialist Republic is running as smoothly and as efficiently as possible. We of course expect nothing less of our emancipated workforce.
Maintain Regional Unions
While some call for centralisation of the unions, this would just lead to tyranny and everything our Socialist Republic stands against. We must resist these efforts, and officialise the devolution that is the basic principle of our revolutionary economic system.
Modern Production Lines
With help from the central government, the regional unions can achieve the modernity and specialisation they couldn't reach otherwise. Let us then provide this central help.
Stabilimento di Mirafiori
The FIAT Lingotto establishment, heart of automobile production in the Socialist Republic, has proven time and time again to be no longer enough to provide for the Socialist Republic. The Government has seized the opportunity to start building a new, more expansive complex in the Mirafiori neighbourhood of Torino, from which the war machines of our Republic shall emerge.
Finish the Electrical Conversion
Railways across the country, especially in Piedmont and Liguria, still use the by now outdated 3.6 kV 16 2/3 Hz AC electrification system. Let us finally replace this system with the more advanced 3 kV DC, at least on major routes.
Terni, City of Steel
Since 1884, Terni has been a major hub of metallurgy and related industries, for civilian but especially military purposes. Let us expand and modernise this most important strategic industrial base.
Expand Ilva
The former Terni-Elba group, now an amalgamation of many strategic metallurgy industries, is the key to boosting our industrial capacity past the rival governments. We shall expand its mines, modernise its industries, rationalise its management.
Agip Operations in Romagna
Beneath the fertile farmland of Romagna lies the biggest fossil fuel reserve in Italy. It is imperative we exploit it to our advantage in the Great Revolutionary War.
Gomma Sintetica
The one thing Italy doesn't have is rubber, but recent advances in hydrocarbon technology allows us to process artificial rubber from our refineries - a win-win operation.
Integrate the Lombard Arms Industry
Before 1919, the heart of Italy's arms industry was located in the valleys of Brescia; in the last few decades we have had to build our own industry, but now we are in a position to merge the establishments.
Modernise the Po Farmlands
While Piedmont reaches modernity, parts of the lower Padan Valley have yet to leave the middle ages. Politically we've already done what we could do - but economically, we can still intervene to improve their situation.
Reform the IACP
From 1903, the Autonomous Public Housing Institute deals with the building and administration of social housing for the less affluent of our society. Over the decades it has grown bloated and corrupted; in the name of the proletariat of this Republic, we shall renovate it at once!
The Eternal City
Rome languished under the restored rule of the Pope-King. Let us show true charity to the people of the Capital, by commencing the construction of the Garbatella district.
A New Partenope
For a decade Naples decayed under the authoritarian and corrupt rule of its mayor Achille Lauro; and even prior it had to deal with epidemics and various social problems. We, who truly have the needs of the People in mind, will proceed to finally bring the city to the standards of the 20th century.
Southern Reconstruction
For decades the liberal governments of the Kingdom of Italy attempted to bring Southern Italy into the modern age, with little success. With the will of the people on our side, we shall finish what Garibaldi started!
Tap Sicilian Potential
With unrest in North America, Sicily has the unique opportunity to regain its hegemony in the sulphates market. Let us seize the moment!
Rebuild Carbonia
The royalist dictatorship in Sardinia built Carbonia as a new city in the 1920s; this city being everything that is wrong with capitalism, built solely to exploit the local mines for the benefit of foreign corporations. With us now in control, Carbonia can be rebuilt as a city of socialism, freedom and Italy.
Modernise the Apulian Fields
The Salento region in southern Apulia has great agricultural potential, but suffers from a perennial lack of water. By channeling water from the rivers in Campania, we will be able to unlock the full agricultural power of the area.
Reunite the Italian Heartlands
The Ticino-Po line the Austrians imposed on us had disastrous effects on the infrastructural links between Piedmont and Lombardy. We shall then restore these links, and drain the swamps of Veneto in the process.
Modernise the Armata Rossa
The Red Army was formed out of mutineering units back in the 1919 Revolution, and hasn't changed much since. As the backwardness of the armed forces was one of the leading reasons for our failure to seize the rest of the country in 1927, we shall make sure this won't be a problem in the future.
Commissione Armi e Munizioni
The \
Replace the 6.5mm
The pre-Weltkrieg Carcano has served us well, but as the times are changing, so must our guns. A new rifle is needed in the hands of our soldiers.
Armaguerra
In these dangerous times, the life-cycle of weapons is rather short. A new semi-automatic rifle, the Armaguerra will bring the firepower of the [ROOT.GetAdjective] rifle squad to a new level.
Telo Mimetico
The colourful jackets of yesteryear have nothing to do on the modern battlefield. While simple, one-coloured uniforms are already in use, the usage of a camouflage pattern originally meant for tents has been proposed.
Howitzer Standardisation
The number of different types of field guns in the armed forces is raising, straining supply lines. By creating a standard for howitzer barrels and ammunition, these parts will be easier to both supply and replace.
Cannone da 90
As both enemy land and air vehicles are more heavily armoured, a new, larger gun is necessary to punch through them. A new, 90 mm calibre one will do the job just fine.
Motorise the Bersaglieri
The internal combustion engine has unlocked troop speeds hitherto unimaginable. Sadly, not enough are available in [ROOT.GetNameDef] - only our best troops can be outfitted as of now.
Semoventi d'Artiglieria
The king of the battlefield is just as slow and unmoving as its counterpart on the chess board. The construction of self-propelled guns will allow for a new dimension in artillery warfare.
Carri di Rottura
To avoid the stalemates of the Weltkrieg, heavier and more powerfully armed tanks are necessary to rupture the static enemy defences, and pave way for the infantry attack.
Ferrea Mole, Ferreo Cuore
\
La Legione Proletaria
Every worker in Italy has his say in what the revolution is and how it will be achieved. Risorgimento will be an opportunity for the men and women of Italy to do our nation proud; we will enable this by sculpting an army where even the humblest of our men has a place.
Corpo d'Armata di Manovra
It is not enough to break the enemy's line, we need dedicated units that can move in and exploit openings through aggressive manoeuvring and attacks in depth. The Weltkrieg use of tanks as something to support infantry remains a dated concept, our new Manoeuvre Army Corps will use modern tanks and mounted infantry to strike exposed flanks or breaches in the enemy line.
Ragruppamenti Esploranti
As an originally partisan force, the Socialist army is all too familiar with the value of reconnaissance and what can be done with it. Long range patrols will allow for deeper penetration, less risk, and generally more effective operations.
Establish Military Inspectorate
The myriad of popular militias needs to be turned into a combined force to serve the revolution. A military inspectorate will be created to discipline the army, and the previously so independent division commanders will be forced to standardise both equipment, organisation and training.
One Army, One Command
The Socialist movement in Italy has grown from a plucky resistance movement in 1919 to a genuine state prepared to govern the whole nation. Our army structure must reflect this: while autonomy might be paramount while communication and logistics are occasional blessings, commanding the large army of Italy today requires a central command capable of administrating the whole war effort, and field commanders must be able to follow to their meticulous plans.
Maintain Officer Autonomy
No armed revolt has ever succeeded through byzantine bureaucracy. Simplifying responsibilities and giving more power to lower officers give them the leeway they need to creatively solve the strategic challenges they will face on the battlefield.
Reform the Modena Military Academy
It is clear that some level of professionalisation of our officer corps is needed. Though with a feudal background, the Modena Military Academy is now more famed as a hotbed for military revolutionaries with a myriad of ideas on how to combine socialism with the army. By introducing a more strict curriculum in combination with higher academic standards, we might be able to organise the many ideas into policies and initiatives of use to the army.
Gruppi di Difesa della Donna
Long on the mind of many egalitarians in the armed forces, the introduction of women into the combat services of the army seems an obvious way to strengthen not only our manpower pool, but also encourage gifted and ambitious women to make a career in our armed forces. As a start we will create specific Defence Groups for women, from where we can integrate them into the army as a whole.
Vallo Alpino
The Alps are some of the best natural defences a nation could ask for, but the presense of mountain passes makes relying on nature to do all the work unwise. By building permanent defences inside of these passes and other weak points, the northern border can be made a truly impassable wall.
Arditi del Popolo
The Arditi were famed during the Weltkrieg as shock troops able to challenge the stalemate of trench warfare. Further developments in automatic weapons and close quarters fighting have only made the possible uses of such units more appealing. Combining Arditi tactics with revolutionary fervour, the new Arditi del Popolo will be the shock troops that will open the way for our victory against the reactionaries.
Corpo Speciale
The one consistency of the battleground in Italy is that it is inconsistent. Massive mountain ranges, distant islands, packed cities and formidable rivers divide the peninsula, and ignoring these differences would be highly foolish. Instead, we must have contingents ready to face every situation.
Brigate Marine
An advantage of fighting an offensive war on the peninsula is that if the front quietens, one is not out of options. Corpo Speciale units can land behind the enemy to surround and disrupt them, and to attack the difficult targets of Sardinia and Sicily.
Carabinieri del Cielo
While they are not as easily applicable as mountaineers or marines, paratroopers are still a valuable asset for any modern army. Inaccessible areas such as fortifications and ports can be captured through rapid shock and awe, clearing their proximities for the advance of regular troops.
Alpini Rossi
Of course, in a peninsula largely consisting of three mountain ranges the first kind of specialist force anyone will think necessary is the mountaineer battalion, and for good reason. Mountain warfare is inevitable and we must surpass our enemies' combat capability on such battlefields.
La Guardia Rossa
Socialism is the politics of science and reason. We will defeat our enemies, not by witless sacrifice of men, but with the best-trained professional army equipped with the best-produced arms built by the most efficient industry while the traditionalists in Naples and Cagliari tremor.
Formazione di Difesa
As offensively adept as the Guardia Rossa might be, they will need a defensive backbone to succeed. Rather than muddy the responsibilities and doctrine of the national army, we will use militias to fill gaps and defend positions while larger formations are free to break the enemy.
Scuole Centrale Militare
The formation of a federalised body of military schools around the country will facilitate standardisation, allowing us to develop more ambitious tactics around the technologically rich Guardia Rossa formations.
Autotrasportabilità
The majority of our land and population remains under the stranglehold of our enemies and the Guardia Rossa will need a practical solution to guarantee our superiority over them. Thankfully, our superiority in industry supplies this: by engineering better vehicles for mobile units and doctrine to support, we can outmaneuever our enemies on the peninsula and defeat them in detail before they are able to utilise their numerical advantages.
Guerra Brigantesca
The troops of the Guardia Rossa must be able to fight like bandits: mobile, hidden, and flexible. These qualities made socialist warfare possible in the first place, and will be integrated into our doctrine.
Guardia alla Frontiera
While guerrilla tactics may have served us well inside of our borders, the Guardia Rossa must be prepared for wars with its neighbours too, and for such warfare we must be able to defend a wide front in preparation for offensives either from our territory or an expedition.
Corpo del Genio Aeronautico
While airfield construction and aircraft repairs have usually been delegated to army engineers and squadron support units respectively, it has become clear that a dedicated Air Force Engineer Corps needs to be established. With the construction of the Città del'Aria, it would be obvious to place the headquarters of the new corps in Umbria as well.
Città del'Aria
Italy has ever been at the forefront of air power, using aircraft for combat purposes even before the Weltkrieg. The chaos and instability of the civil war has interrupted our pole position however. We will set aside land and industry in Umbria for the creation of a 'City of the Air', where we will combine schools, manufactories and research to foster a spirit of progress and industriousness.
Accademia Aeronautica
The anarchy of the Italian forces in the latter days of the Weltkrieg and the fervent nature of the civil war left little room for modernising military tactics. In today's world, modernity means warfare conducted in the sky. Pilot training is key to catching our armed capabilities up with our neighbours.
Trimotore Bombers
Our previous experience with trimotor medium aircraft has shown great promise. Improved engines and designs would allow us to not only increase the payload of such bombers, but also equip them with the defensive weaponry needed to survive in a contested airspace.
Pursuit Aircraft
While multirole platforms have certainly made our production able to compete with our neighbours, it has meant some of our aircraft could underperform in combat. With production eased by our new facilities and institutions, we should focus on developing a dedicated air superiority platform. These new 
Aviazione Marittima
With our air force becoming a more centralised and independent branch of our armed forces, we should make it able to take over all the roles previously taken by both the army and navy air services. Improved air designs would make our aircraft able to contest the Mediterranean and support the navy as it fights the reactionary regimes.
Command of the Air
The terrain of Italy and the difficulties it imposes on our armed forces means we have to reconsider novel approaches to warfare. One suggestion is to follow the doctrine and thoughts laid out by Giulio Douhet, who during the Weltkrieg was arguing for massive bombing campaigns to break the stalemate of trench warfare. Our bomber fleets should target the enemy's cities as well as their forces on the battlefield, allowing us to gain a decisive advantage in firepower.
Arma Offensiva
One of the major worries with strategic bombing campaigns, has been the relative vulnerability connected with having our bombers spend increased amounts of time over enemy territory. Developments in new bomb types and tactics would allow us to fly higher and minimize the risk our aircraft face from anti-aircraft fire.
Aerei da Battaglia
The concept of 'flying artillery' is not new, but we have to admit that the more ponderous medium bombers are tactically inflexible for battlefield fire support. The creation of new 'battle aircraft' who will have a dedicated battlefield support role, will mean that our divisions will always have fire support available to them no matter how fast they advance, or how contested the airspace over the battlefield is.
Aviazone d'Assalto
Rather than focus on destroying the enemy through better bomber aircraft, an alternative approach could be to simply deny the airspace to the enemy. New training could emphasise the fighter as our premier aircraft type. We wouldn't need better bombers if the ones we have were at little risk of being intercepted.
Zone Aeree Territoriali
An organisational change is needed to ensure maximum efficiency amongst our squadrons. New territorial air commands will be in charge of local defence as well coordination with our industries to improve aircraft designs. By removing middlemen, not only will our squadrons be able to respond better to local intrusions into our airspace, but we will get pilot input into new aircraft, hopefully making them available quicker than through ordinary testing and production methods.
Difesa Contraerea Territoriale
A sometime undervalued part of the air power, is the impact that ground based anti-aircraft artillery can have on local air superiority. We should create specific anti-air units under command of the air force, so as to ensure that our air defence remains unified in mission and purpose.
Istituto di Studi Militari Marittimi
To lead a ship to victory, knowledge of tactics, engineering and logistics is necessary for higher level officers. Establishing a new institute researching and teaching these topics will ensure a key edge over the other navies on the peninsula.
Expand the Livorno Academy
The navy needs further expansion, which is not possible without men on the decks. To the luck of the [ROOT.GetAdjective] government, the original training academy of the Navy is still within the territory under its controlled, and can be easily expanded.
Corpo del Genio Navale
Just as a soldier would not got to war with a rusty rifle, a sailor can not sail a leaky ship. Caring for and maintaining ships has become specialised knowledge, that should have its own section within the Navy.
Flottiglie MAS
The torpedo has revolutionised naval warfare, allowing small boats to sink much larger targets. Taking this idea to below the surface yields a new type of submarine which small, nimble and lightly manned.
Revolution Under the Sea
If the Entente think the Mediterranean is an easy doorstep into the southern borders of revolutionary Europe, they are sorely mistaken. While our allies must pay attention to the Atlantic we will make it our job to sink any materiel or manpower which attempts to cross our sea.
Legacy of Mignatta and the MAS
The weapon that transformed naval warfare was born in a city inhabited by Italians, yet the [ROOT.GetAdjective] naval industry is not up to date in its production. It is time for it to cross the Adriatic, and reach its true potential in the hands of our sailors and airmen.
Incrociatori Sommergibili
The German success in the Weltkrieg has shown the effectiveness in sub-surface naval warfare. One obvious way forward is the creation of larger, more powerful submarines with an increased amount of firepower and capable of standing on their own.
Artiglieria Marittima
By its nature, the Apennine Peninsula has a long coast, that needs defending from any would be invaders. Setting up hard points and static naval artillery in key choke points would deny any possible invasions.
Expand Genoese Naval Yards
Genoa is the largest port that stayed under the control of the workers of Italy during the Civil War. With an already decent naval industry, it will serve as a nucleus for further naval expansion.
Odero-Terni-Orlando
The modern battleship is a hulking mass of steel. Connecting shipbuilders to steel manufacturers such as the Terni plant, will allow a streamlined flow of materiel, and better construction.
Cantieri Riuniti del Tirreno
To construct our new ships, a new manufacturer is needed. Uniting naval companies across the Tyrrhenian will result in an improvement of both quality and quantity.
Increase Ship Exports
With all the dockyards constructed recently, the [ROOT.GetAdjective] naval industry has surplus capacity to construct civilian vessels for our allies, or other buyers across the world. These exports create both jobs at home, and provide an important source of revenue.
Cantieri Riuniti dell'Adriatico
The merge of the shipyards across the Tyrrhenian has proved successful. It is time to bring this model to the newly liberated territories in the Gulf of Kvarner as well.
Guerra Marittima
Just like on land, war on sea has become one of attrition and management of resources. Being able to produce and manage a large number of ships allows the navy to operate in more theatres, and spreading our enemies thin.
Fast Battleships
With heavier ships usually at anchor during their service, it is paramount that they get to the battle faster than their opponents. Commissioning new ships for this purpose will allow faster reactions to any naval combat.
Mariantisom
Having proved successful in the Weltkreig, our opponents are sure to use submarines to deny us shipping capabilities. Creating a special command aimed to counteract these threats will save the lives of many merchant mariners.
Sealane Protectors
The ships out on the open sea need protection from enemy raiders. The solution is the construction of more, smaller vessels capable of fighting of threats from both the surface and below.
Squadron Flagships
The smaller squadrons patrolling our waters are in dire need of improved firepower. Providing newer, heavier designs to lead these would be increase their chances in a toe-to-toe fight.
Maritime Air Power
With the improvement to aircraft in the last decades, the maritime battlespace now covers all dimensions. It is time for the Navy to embrace aircraft, and the carriers allowing them to operate far away from home.
Improved Gunnery
The day of the corvus are long gone - ships fight each other from large distances. Better guns mean striking earlier, and harder, leading to more enemy ships sunk. As such, this is a crucial parts of ships that can not be ignored.
Mediterraneo Rosso
Two thousand years ago the Romans called it Mare Nostrum - Our Sea. While [SRI.GetNameDef] can not claim to control that much coastline, the Italian peninsula still allows for control of the whole sea.
Adopt the Gufo
The radar is the future of naval combat. Attentive like its namesake, the owl, it will allow for detection of enemy vessels before the naked eye can see them, and provide crucial tactical edge in combat.
Joint Naval Intelligence
As the imperialist proudly proclaimed, Britannia ruled the waves. Even with defections to [CAN.GetName], the navy of [ENG.GetNameDef] is one of the most formidable ones in Europe. It would be prudent to share information with them.
Battaglia Decisiva
If one punches strong enough, a single swing of an arm can decide a fight. On the sea this means that a proper concentration of ships can seek out and destroy the enemy main fleet, giving control of the seas to the victors.
Rebuild the Battle Line
In the chaos of the Civil War, the Regia Marina was split between the various factions. This fall in fleet numbers is especially hard on the heavier ships - rebuilding those is a priority to reclaim control of the Mediterranean.
Since the Italian civil war, the Socialist Republic of Italy has controlled the bulk of Italy. Its rulers know full well that it would have overrun the republicans and the whites, had it not been for the infernal interference of Austria and the pressure applied by Germany. Even today, it is the spectre of interference by Germany and Austria which keeps syndicalism from finishing off the last remnants of Old Italy. The nation bides its time, building its strength, and is fully aware that - once the scale tips - it shall tip in the favour of revolution.
GFX_SRI_intro
The Socialist Republic of Italy
In 1919, Italy concluded an armistice with the Austrians, permitting Austrian forces to occupy Lombardy and Venetia pending a formal peace settlement. The subsequent §YTreaty of Vicenza§! was a humiliating affair, disgracing both the nation and the old political order. Within mere days, the brave socialists and nationalists in Italy rose up against the destructive Savoyards, determined to replace their system with something better. Even King Victor Emmanuel and his son's abdication was not enough to stop the will of the people, and civil war broke out across Italy. Even as we pushed the royalists out of northern Italy, however, there were traitors in our own ranks. The “Whites” in the republican uprising, unwilling to accept the inevitability of the revolution, broke with our movement and soon sold themselves out completely to the Austrians. With our enemies all united against us, our advances were halted on the Po and on the Abruzzo line, and the war was over.\n\nSince the ceasefire in 1920, the political situation has changed: following the moderate unionists' failure to capitalise on the fall of the Italian Federation in 1927 the Nationalists in the FAR, calling on the legacy of Gabriele d'Annunzio who died fighting the Austrians in 1919, started a march towards political dominance. By 1931, this effectively eroded the Trade Unions' stranglehold on Parliament, leaving them with a slight majority; when this majority collapsed in 1934, president Giulietti overcame his constitutional bounds to appoint a \
Uniting Italy
Italian nationalists have already begun the call for a Second Risorgimento, to unify Italy once more. Spreading the revolution will not be a simple matter, however. The peninsula exists in an uneasy balance: Germany and Austria are wary of any formal alliance between the SRI and the Third Internationale. They know an alliance is inevitable, but any attempt on our part to bring the French and British into a war to reunite Italy under syndicalist rule would draw intervention and start a new Weltkrieg. The Republic of Italy to the east is protected by Austria, but under a similar prohibition against starting a war against us. So long as the prospect of German and Austrian interference remains, we must be aware that any war to reunite Italy can only be done with limited Third Internationale support. We have not made a move yet, but we cannot sit idly for much longer - Italy must be reunited!
§RPdA - $SRI_carlo_rosselli$§!\n£white_dot Have the Radical Socialists be in power at the time of the first post-war elections, by staying in the middle of the BoP.\n£white_dot Take the §Y$SRI_break_enemies_of_democracy$§! focus before the §Y$SRI_constitutional_restoration$§! focus.\n\n§RPdA - $SRI_emilio_lussu$§!\n£white_dot Have the Radical Socialists be in power at the time of the first post-war elections, by staying in the middle of the BoP.\n£white_dot Take the §Y$SRI_constitutional_restoration$§! focus before the §Y$SRI_break_enemies_of_democracy$§! focus.\n\n§rCGdL-USI (IOS)§!\n£white_dot Have the Syndicalists be in power at the time of the first post-war elections, by staying to the left side of the BoP.\n\n§oFAR§!\n£white_dot Have the Totalists be in power at the time of the first post-war elections, by staying to the right side of the BoP.\n\n§oFAR - $SRI_alceste_de_ambris$§!\n£white_dot Have the Totalists be in power at the time of the first post-war elections, by staying to the right side of the BoP.\n£white_dot Take the §Y$SRI_reform_the_party$§! focus, have Mussolini be shot and have the Blackshirts restore the path of the Fascist revolution.\n\n§oPCd'I§!\n£white_dot Have the Totalists be in power at the time of the first post-war elections, by staying to the right side of the BoP.\n£white_dot Take the §Y$SRI_reform_the_party$§! focus, have Mussolini be shot and have the Army stick with Togliatti.
Mussolini and the Totalist Charter
When he left for Britain, we thought the Mussolini-Mosley Summit would simply be one of pleasantries and diplomacy. Instead, Mussolini went ahead and put his signature on Mosley's latest invention, the \
How will we form a government now?
The 1936 Elections
With the 1920 constitution creating an unicameral parliament formed of candidates elected from both unions and popular vote, the Parliament of the Socialist Republic was always something of a mess. However, it has never been as messy as it is from today.\n\nIt appears the unions have lost even more ground than expected; they have bled much support to both the heavily parliamentarist Actionists and the Fascists, and have outright lost their absolute majority for the first time in the history of the Socialist Republic. In the new climate, president Giulietti tried to return to his role as constitutional head of state, and then tried to have a parliamentary government formed; however, with the unions blaming him for their poor result and the actionists refusing to work under the President who broke constitutional norms to appoint a nationalist government, negotiations soon stalled. While there may yet be a path to a working government, there certainly is no path forwards for Giulietti.
Negotiations must start rapidly, we don't want another election!
The New Compromise
In the end, in spite of his mandate lasting to 1938, Giulietti resigned from the Presidency. This did much to restart negotiations; Mussolini put himself forward as a man who was simply fulfilling his patriotic duty by leading the \
The future of Italy is built from here.
The New Parliamentarist Government
With the conflict between Unions and Presidency taking heavy tolls on both sides, it appears neither of the two is now strong enough to sustain a government. The only option for a workable executive ended up being the Actionists; and, in spite of the heavy mutual distrust between Rosselli and Mussolini, constant Fascist attacks and Union criticism, the President was eventually forced to appoint Rosselli as Prime Minister. How long such an executive, formed out of the lack of a united opposition rather than an actual majority, may last remains to be seen.
Good luck, Rosselli
The New Syndicalist Government
As the political equilibrium changes, it appears the Unions have emerged as the only force capable of forming a government, in spite of constant fascist interference. With other forces failing to deliver, Mussolini was forced to appoint Tasca as Prime Minister, much to his chagrin. For now, a strong union government is in power; the Fascists will undoubtedly fight tooth and nail to gain control of the Government, so the fight isn't yet over.
Good luck, Tasca
The New Presidentialist Government
With the other factions suffering heavily under Blackshirt fire, it appears Mussolini was at last able to appoint his close ally de Ambris to the position of Prime Minister. The conflict is far from over, as both Unions and Actionists organise to take down the executive; but for now, the Fascists are in control of both Presidency and Government.
Good luck, de Ambris
The Postwar Election
With Italy finally united, the various politicians across the country are now vociferously asking for new elections, which are to include the newly liberated territories. On a theoretical level, everyone agrees that these lands should have the right to influence the government of the Socialist Republic - and effectively, the reconstruction regime in these territories means these new elections will see a certain victory of the sitting government which would lead us out of the constant instability that has plagued the country since 1936. Unions, Actionists and Fascists still have a month to play their power games, after which they're sure to blow each other to smithereens.
We'll see who comes out on top
Il Sol dell'Avvenire
The first post-war elections have finally been held. Polling booths were opened all over the country, though in certain unreconstructed areas the vote was severely restricted - much to the chagrin of the sitting Actionist government, who had hoped to use these elections to prove the democratic nature of the Socialist Republic. Nevertheless, a recent push to expand suffrage in these areas proved to be a successful gamble for the Actionists, who ended up being the great winners of this election. Defying blackshirt interference and outnumbering the candidates elected through the trade unions (with a number of sympathetic elected coming from these ranks as well) the Actionists will now surely be the leaders of the first post-war government.\n\nImmediately, an accord was found with the Trade Unions to impeach Mussolini; the President sensed the failure of the Presidentialist project, resigned from power and quickly left the country. In his place Parliament has elected Rosselli; though he opposes the extraordinary powers of the Presidency, he has chosen to keep these powers until he is able to fully restore constitutional normalcy.
The first post-war elections have finally been held. Polling booths were opened all over the country, though in certain unreconstructed areas the vote was severely restricted - something which the sitting Unionist government has deemed necessary. The Government was also able to keep the Blackshirts at bay during the elections; these two combined factors ended up stumping both Parliamentarians and Presidentialists, while the Union candidates retook the absolute majority they had lost in 1934. Indeed, the Unions are the great winners of these first elections, though their internal divisions almost made this for naught.\n\nOne thing they all agreed upon was an immediate move to impeach Mussolini; the President sensed the failure of the Presidentialist project, resigned from power and quickly left the country. Conflict soon erupted over his successor; some expressed their support of a full restoration of the institutional presidency, but a consensus emerged in favour of a semi-presidentialist model. In the end, Prime Minister Tasca broke the deadlock by proposing former president Giulietti temporarily reassume the post until a better candidate is found. This move may have killed Tasca's hope to remain in charge of government affairs once this candidate is elected - but it did safeguard Unionist supremacy over government.
The first post-war elections have finally been held. Polling booths were opened all over the country, though in certain unreconstructed areas the vote was severely restricted - something which Mussolini supported fully. Indeed, with the Army being occupied with the pacification of the liberated areas the Blackshirts were free to roam the country, producing an electoral result heavily skewed in the Fascists' favour. While they didn't quite gain an absolute majority, the Fascists became the biggest parliamentary faction by far, and the internal divisions of Unions and Actionists mean no challenge to Mussolini's rule is likely to succeed.\n\nWith this resounding victory, Mussolini is free to move forward with his \
A splendid day for democracy!
What a comeback!
What will this lead to?
A Pact of Pacification?
With the current government espousing a radical rhetoric and violence on the rise in the internal front, trade unionists and blackshirt leaders together have brokered an agreement for temporary peace between the two factions. They reason that everyone will need to do their utmost to bring our revolution to its conclusion; as such, petty squabbles must be postponed indefinitely.\n\nOf course, effectively this \
Let us come to an agreement
We can't let our guard down!
Increased Blackshirt Militancy
Lately the Blackshirts have increased their range of operations, launching actions against supposed \
There is nothing we can do
We can fight fire with fire!
Strikes against Mussolini
In a direct attack on the government of the Socialist Republic, trade union leaders have proclaimed a number of strikes against the leadership of President Mussolini, his supposed violations of the constitution and blackshirt actions in general. While the position of the Presidency isn't threatened, it is clear the facade of unity must be restored... though Mussolini himself seems to be of a different opinion.
We must find an agreement before this gets out of hand
Can't we simply ignore them...?
Conflict between President and Government
The differing policies of President Mussolini and the Government seem to have caused us to reached the breaking point. With Mussolini sponsoring the Blackshirts and several other anti-democratic movements, while directly undermining the stability of the executive, Parliament has threatened to pass a motion of no confidence in him, which would end his rule and doom the presidentialist project.\n\nSuch a motion passing is far-fetched, but it does show that the Presidency cannot expect to do as it pleases and ignore the will of the other branches of Government.\n\nWhile the tensions won't be truly solved until either the Government or Mussolini are forced out, the crisis may be at least relieved by a temporary truce between the FAR and the rest of the country. Of course, Mussolini seems intent on doubling down instead, and there are rumors a \
Fetch me de Ambris, will you?
That would be insane!
Papers against the Presidency
As both Presidency and Government are in the hands of FAR politicians, the opposition has now elected to voice its opposition to the state of affairs on the press. Since the Revolution, most publications have been in the hands of the National Press Federation, with most other journals being censored according to a Presidential Decree signed in 1921. This is now giving the trade unions the freedom and means to harshly criticise the Presidency; over the last weeks, they have started to truly impact the government, as public opinion seems to be turning against Mussolini and especially de Ambris.\n\nThough the advisors to the Presidency oppose the move, there is a way to temporarily stop the press offensive: the same 1921 Presidential Decree that censors anti-socialist publications can be abused to shut down criticism against the government, even if only for a few weeks.
We'll have to endure this
According to DPR 153/1921...
Massive Rallies
Thousands cheer as Mussolini speaks.\n\n\
Is this the start of a personality cult?
Support for the War Effort
With the war for the unification of Italy upon us, great outpourings of public support for the conflict are becoming commonplace; and with Mussolini being the single most outspoken supporter of the unification campaigns, the Presidency is reaping its benefits. The sense that the great Italian revolution is finally upon us is permeating all stratas of society; but many remember the unions' failure to capitalise on the collapse of the Italian Federation in 1927, and are as such moving to support Mussolini.
Italy will defeat the forces of destiny!
Rise in Revolutionary Fervour
Through the last few weeks a sense of dedication to the Revolution seems to have descended upon Italian society. We are not sure how exactly this happened, but in spite of localised bouts of anti-bureaucratic sentiments this has clearly caused the general rise of support for the institutions of the Socialist Republic. As Italy wakes to a new morning, many in the country are more than willing to do their utmost to secure justice and freedom, and they know this can only be achieved through us. What remains unanswered, however, is how this public sentiment is going to go down in the political arena.
The Presidency can benefit from this!
It was the unions that built this revolution!
Chetnik Activities Flare Up
While we may have completed the liberation of the rest of Italy, our own internal enemies have also apparently recently completed the unification of a wide anti-socialist front. Coming from all across the country, about a dozen independent anti-socialist militias have recently been subsumed inside the Clandestine Military Front, giving them better organisation and making them several times more effective against our government. This has coincided with a new Chetnik offensive on the home front; with significant resources committed in the reconstruction of the liberated territories, they are proving to be a dangerously effective ally of whatever external enemies we still have.
We will not be intimidated!
Chetnik Attack!
Factory Bombed in [attack_state.GetName]
The Clandestine Military Front have targeted a factory in [attack_state.GetName], causing a great deal of damage and the loss of many lives. Republican Guard investigators are on the scene, and claim they are closer to catching the ringleaders behind the Catholic terrorists than they were before.
We will get them sooner or later...
Factory Bombed in [attack_state.GetName]
The Clandestine Military Front have targeted an arms factory in [attack_state.GetName], causing a great deal of damage and the loss of many lives. Republican Guard investigators are on the scene, and claim they are closer to catching the ringleaders behind the Catholic terrorists than they were before.
We will get them sooner or later...
Railways Sabotaged in [attack_state.GetName]
The Clandestine Military Front have set off a series of bombs in the [attack_state.GetName] region, causing considerable damage to the railways, destroying many trains, and costing the lives of countless innocent people.
Damn terrorists!
Barracks Bombed in [attack_state.GetName]
During the night, a Republican Guard barracks in [attack_state.GetName] was attacked by the Clandestine Military Front, the bomb causing great loss of life and equipment. The Republican Guard has vowed revenge and plans to take the terrorists out and end this slaughter.
We will get them sooner or later...
Ringleaders Apprehended!
Earlier today, several of the ringleaders behind the Clandestine Military Front were apprehended by Republican Guard investigators. This is a serious blow to the Monarchist terrorists, and brings the country one step closer to eliminating them for good.
The sooner, the better!
The Arrest of Marshal Caviglia
When this morning the police raided a suspected FMC compound in the southern parts of Cuneo province, they didn't think they'd find much of note. Instead, among a small number of monarchist partisans they also found Marshal Caviglia, a high ranking officer who is considered to be the leader of the Chetniks.\n\nOn the run since 1919, Caviglia was one of Italy's best generals in the First World War; during the civil war he was caught off guard by Badoglio's decision to evacuate the royal government to Sardinia, and remained in Piedmont with his stranded royalist units. From there, he built the Clandestine Military Front from scratch, causing many problems to our government.\n\nWith Caviglia in our hands, the Chetniks have been dealt a lethal blow.
This is the beginning of the end.
Italy is United!
At long last, Italy has been reunited, and the revolution has spread to every corner of the peninsula! Today is a great day and shall be considered a national holiday. Let all Italians rejoice now that Italy is reunited!
Viva l'Italia!
The Assassination of Carlo Rosselli
Returning home after a scathing speech against Mussolini in Parliament, Rosselli was beaten and kidnapped by what we think are rogue Blackshirt units; he is suspected to already be dead, even though his body hasn't been found yet.\n\nThis isn't the first time a politician has been killed by Fascists, whether under Mussolini's orders or not; however, the assassination of a figure of such high profile, who has been a major political force in the Socialist Republic in the last decade, has sparked massive protests around the country. This time Mussolini has perhaps bitten more than he can chew.
This isn't ideal!
Plot against Mussolini
In Rome, a secret meeting is being held today between Emilio Lussu, war veterans leader and now party secretary of the Action Party, and the military leadership of the Republic. With wide opposition to Mussolini's regime following Rosselli's assassination and a packet of increasingly authoritarian reforms seemingly about to hit Parliament, Lussu is now calling on the Army leadership to unite with the veterans in a bid to forcibly remove Mussolini from power and disarm the Blackshirts before it is too late.
We are committed then
The army refuses to back the plan!
The Veterans' Coup
Unexpectedly for a movement supposedly formed out of an \
For justice and liberty!
The Moral Responsibility
In a chilling speech in Parliament today, Mussolini spoke about the assassination of Carlo Rosselli. Talking about the accusations about his supposed involvement in the murder, he asked an astonished chamber whether anyone would dare invoke Article 47 of the Constitution against him and force a parliamentary inquiry; following the lack of responses, he then took \
So this is how liberty dies.
The Death of the Fascist Revolution
With no moves from the Fascist government following Rosselli's death, popular indignation boiled over into a general strike against Mussolini. With the unions once again on the offensive, the President tried to utilise the full might of the Blackshirts against them.\n\nThis however exposed him to the danger of an army coup; after a meeting with Army leadership in which Mussolini may or may not have asked the Army to open fire on the unions they had previously fought for, which in turn resulted in thinly veiled putschist threats from the Army, both President and Government ended up resigning from power and leaving the country. The Army then called on former president Giulietti to be temporarily sworn in while a more permanent government solution is negotiated. Left without leadership, both FAR and Blackshirts have effectively disintegrated overnight.
A fresh start
Mussolini appoints Fresh Government
While Mussolini certainly did not care about the blowback from the Rosselli Affair, he found it most useful for the flak it gave to his supposed closest ally, Alceste de Ambris.\n\nThe two have worked together for decades by now, but de Ambris was always seen as too independent for Mussolini's tastes. This was great before the Leggi Fascistissime, as it allowed for a continued nominal separation between Presidency and Government to placate the opposition. By now, he's another roadblock on Mussolini's way.\n\nAs such, de Ambris has been made to resign in relation to his failures while dealing with the Rosselli Affair, and has been replaced by an even closer ally in the person of Palmiro Togliatti, a personal friend of Mussolini since the early days of the Revolution. Though he is ideologically even more distant from the President (having led the Communist Party of Italy until it was effectively merged into the FAR in 1932), he is politically far weaker, which is the only thing that matters by now. Of course, the Blackshirts (who appreciated de Ambris' national syndicalism) don't appreciate the change.
This could escalate
Mussolini Shot!
Disaster struck today, as a mad Irishwoman shot Mussolini! The President had just left a medical conference, when one Violet Gibson shot him. The woman was quickly neutralised by public security officers in the area, and Mussolini was rescued by an army of surgeons from the nearby conference; however, in the commotion of the moment it was unclear whether the President had been seriously injured, or had even been killed.
Mussolini is dead!
Mussolini was merely grazed by the bullet!
The Blackshirt Putsch
Following Mussolini's assassination, Togliatti ascended to the presidency; this was completely unexpected and threw a wrench in the Fascist revolution. It appears Mussolini's legacy in the movement will be the disastrous effects of his personalist project, which appears to have seriously endangered Fascism as a whole; indeed, Togliatti has already begun building bridges with the old leninist movements and even what remains of the unions, and has appointed his friend, the known anti-fascist Luigi Longo as Prime Minister.\n\nThe FAR has immediately descended into chaos; with the old Communist Party of Italy following Togliatti, much of the movement has instead coalesced around former Prime Minister de Ambris. Right now, the Blackshirts are marching on Rome to restore the course of the Fascist Revolution; whether they will make it into the city depends on the loyalties of the Army.
The Army sides with Togliatti!
Blackshirts loyal to the Revolution march on Rome!
Prisoner of the Vatican
His Holiness has locked himself within the Vatican, as previous popes did during the days of the Kingdom of Italy. He refuses to acknowledge that [SRI.GetNameDef] rules Italy. However, so long as he is locked within the Vatican, he can do little but make noise.
The Pope! How many divisions has he got?
Exiling the Pope
We have decided that the Pope has no place within our society, and that he shall be exiled. Where he goes, we don't care, but he shall not remain within Italy any longer!
Get out of here!
The Pope Arrives in [Root.GetNameDef]
The Pope has arrived in [Root.GetNameDef] today, seeking refuge from the syndicalists within Italy who have exiled him from the country. A large crowd has already come out to meet the Holy Father. He has requested more permanent residence in one of our cathedrals, until such a time as the Vatican is once more restored to freedom.
Stay as long you want, Holy Father!
Birth of the Vatican City
We have recently concluded a productive meeting with the Pope. A new independent state will be created around Saint Peter's Basilica called the Vatican City that will be independent from the Republic. Meanwhile, he will accept the legitimacy of our Republic and urge Catholics worldwide to do so as well. This marks a great day for the faithful and for the Republic.
Thank you, Holy Father!
Trial for Reactionary Leaders
With our victory over the reactionary forces, the leaders of the corrupt republic and the 
Lenient. We already have our victory.
Make an example of them.
What to do with Royal Palaces?
With the conquest of the South, we have taken control of the territory of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies, and as we bring the revolution southward, the question of what to do about the various noble and royal palaces has arisen. Some think that they should be turned into public museums, others think that the government should use them for the various ministry positions. Finally, some support the idea of giving them over to the Workers Youth League.
Make them into museums.
Make them government headquarters.
Make them youth camps.
Resistance to Secularism
As we bring the revolution to the rest of Italy, our... problematic relationship with the Church is causing problems with reintegrating the Italian people into a cohesive nation. The Catholic Church was far more powerful in the rest of Italy than in our republic. Consequently, many people are trying to resist and slowing the progress of bringing the revolution to the rest of Italy.
They will learn in time.
Compromise with the Church Help
As we bring the revolution to the rest of Italy, our compromise with the Church is proving helpful in bringing them to understand the principles of socialism. While there is still quite a bit of resistance among the more dedicated reactionaries, there is less than our strategists expected before the war.
Thank God!
Land Reform in Southern Italy
Now that we have control of Southern Italy, it is time to bring land reform to the south and bring the revolution to the southern farmers. The package of land reforms prepared by Parliament will collectivise and give the land back to the farmers. Furthermore, local agriculture unions will be created to bring syndicalism south.
Break the chains!
Industrialisation for the South
The south was never industrialised to its full potential. However, now that we have control of the south we can begin a programme to industrialise the region. This will help improve the lives of the people living there by bringing jobs and development and lowering inequality across Italy.
Progress moves south!
Syndicalisation of the Economy
With Italy now united, the question has arisen as to how to bring the syndicalist economy to the rest of Italy. Some think the best way is to focus on building up the unions in the areas. Others think the best way to syndicalise the rest of the country is to focus on collective farming. A third option is worker cooperatives, especially those that serve the military, which could be the key to revolutionising the new regions.
Focus on the unions.
Focus on communal farming.
Focus on worker cooperatives.
Creation of the Provincial Juntas
In an effort to provide some form of devolved governance to the recently pacified parts of the country, Parliament has approved the formation of new provincial parliaments, or juntas, through the country. Though they lack legislative powers, the new provincial juntas will have some level of budgetary control and will act as a middle ground between the local administration and the national government.
Democracy on every level of government!
Resistance to Social Changes
Since we have united Italy there has been resistance against the various social changes that we have implemented in the Republic since its founding, particularly in the case of women's rights. The changes that we have brought to Italian society will take time, but eventually, the rest of Italy shall accept them.
Damn reactionaries!
The Ministry of Public Security help prevent trouble
The Ministry of Public Security have apprehended a number of reactionary traitors to the Republic operating in the south. The Ministers have made sure that no one in the rest of Italy will dare betray the revolution.
The Secret Police to the Rescue!
Exhibition of the Revolution
In 1919 the Socialist Republic of Italy was proclaimed. However, the resulting civil war would leave Italy divided. Since then, we have erased these false borders, reunified Italy, and brought the revolution to all corners of our country! To demonstrate our glorious victory to the people, a grand exhibition of the revolution and our struggles and losses has been unveiled in Roma. Celebrating the struggle to bring syndicalism to all corners of Italy, it will no doubt help to educate the masses about the revolution and inform them of the glory of a reunited Italy.
Long live the Republic!
Women Entering Politics
While women have been legally allowed to vote, work in politics, and sit in Parliament since the founding of our Republic, it is only now that we have unified Italy that women throughout the whole of the country enjoy these rights. Many women, especially those from the south and the northeast where the reactionaries ruled, are now taking steps to enter politics for the first time in their lives, from local unions and provincial juntas to Parliament itself.
Great!
Expansion of the Christian Social Party
Formed in 1919 out of the Socialist-aligned scions of the PPI and led since its foundation by Riccardo Lombardi, the Christian Social Party has been the chief Catholic political party in the Socialist Republic; even with the recent unification of the country, it appears this may not be bound to change. With many former PPI politicians joining its ranks, the PCS seems set on expanding its political influence - though whether these politicians had a genuine change of heart or are just adopting a tactic of reactionary entryism we can't say.
Lombardi must keep his party on a tight leash
Futuristic Architecture
'This is the greatest absurdity of modern architecture. It is perpetuated by the greedy complicity of academies, internment camps for the intelligentsia, where the young are forced to recopy classical models onanistically instead of straining their imaginations to search for solutions to new and urgent problems: the Futurist house and city. A house and city spiritually and materially our own, in which our riotous activity can rage without seeming a grotesque anachronism.' So reads the Futurist Manifesto of architecture. Futurism as an architectural movement has recently been highly popular among the FAR. Mussolini, in particular, is a noted patron of architects building in that style.
The Future is now!
Associazione Ricreativa e Culturale Italiana
The Associazione Ricreativa e Culturale Italiana, or Italian Recreational and Cultural Association, is the largest recreational society within the Republic. Founded in Florence in the 1920s, the organisation is purely secular, and its goal is to help support recreational activities for the people as well as to support solidarity amongst the citizens of the Republic. Culture that was once only the purview of the elites, such as opera, plays, and classical music, are now available for the people to enjoy. Furthermore, the Associazione supports book clubs, countryside vacations, and more through arrangements with local provincial juntas and unions.
Culture belongs to the masses!
Unione Donne Italiane Congress
'We don't see why the revolution is in the hands of only half the population. We are anarchists, but we are also women and we want to make our revolution. Not have men make it for us. We don't want a struggle designed to fit the male because we'll be screwed, as always. We want to fight so that we can claim our part in the share-out. We want to make it clear that just now we're beside ourselves with joy and it would be a mistake to keep us at home knitting! We want to die! But we want to die like men, not live like servants!' So said Ada Prospero at the annual congress of the Unione Donne Italiane, the largest women's organisation in the republic. The Union's goal is dedicated to women's emancipation and liberation. Ada Prospero, in particular, supports the creation of female combat units to fight for the unification of Italy.
We shall see.
1937 Championship between Bologna and Torino
The 1936-1937 Series A Finale for the Italian football league championship has reached the last round. Torino playing against Bologna. The Bulls against the Greyhounds. Bologna is the clear favourite to win, as they are the current reigning champions; however, the Torino team this year is playing strong. Who shall win the championship for this year?
Who shall win, indeed!
Bologna Wins 1937 Championship game!
It was a close match, but Bologna won with a score of 2-1, remaining as the reigning champions of the Italian League. Naturally, the city of Bologna is celebrating this victory.
The Greyhounds remain the champions!
Torino Wins 1937 Championship Game!
In a stunning upset, the Torino team defeated Bologna 1-0. For the first time in just under a decade, the reigning champions were defeated. The city of Torino will surely be celebrating all night after this stunning victory.
The Bulls are the new champions!
The Founding of Cinecittà
Benito Mussolini unveiled the opening of Cinecittà today outside the city of Florence. Cinecittà was planned by numerous architects to be less of a film studio and more of a small cinema city. Mussolini himself was quoted as saying during the opening of the studio: 'Cinema is the most powerful weapon against Capitalism.'. Many aspiring filmmakers are already speaking with the unions of the area to see about producing films there, while some are already calling it Hollywood on the Arno.
Cinema is the most powerful weapon against Capitalism!
Death of Filippo Turati
Today, the great statesman Filippo Turati has passed away at the age of 79 years old. Filippo Turati was one of the last surviving founders of the Italian Socialist Party. His strong and constant support of the rights of the workers of Italy from his earliest days has made him famous throughout the Republic. In addition to founding the Socialist Party of Italy, he was also one of the principal architects of the constitution of the Socialist Republic of Italy. The funeral in Torino was attended by visitors from nations around the world and officials from across the political spectrum, all paying their respects to the late great leader as various labour songs were sung, including Inno dei Lavoratori which he penned himself.
The passing of a torch.
Maggio Musicale Fiorentino
In the city of Florence, conductor Vittorio Gui has created a new festival called the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino, dedicated to performing operas and musicals free of charge for the people so that way the classics can be enjoyed by all citizens, not just the privileged elites. The opening opera for the festival was Giuseppe Verdi's Nabucco. While it is the first of its kind in Italy, Vittorio Gui has stated he hopes that the Maggio Musicale's success can be replicated in cities throughout the Republic.
Opera for the People!
Enrico Fermi creates the Pisa Pile-1
Enrico Fermi has recently created the Pisa Pile-1; the world's first artificial nuclear reactor. Created with the help of students from the University of Pisa, the device may have only been capable of generating a half watt of power, but its success proves that a nuclear reactor can be built.
Comrade Fermi brings progress for the Republic and for the world!
Enrico Fermi wins Nobel Prize
The physicist Enrico Fermi has recently won the Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on induced radioactivity. Fermi, who has been a professor at the University of Pisa since the civil war, has published numerous works on physics, especially relating to the new field of nuclear physics. With his Nobel Prize, the Socialist Republic of Italy can celebrate another hero of Italy and of Socialism.
A hero of the Republic!
Elections in San Marino
The city-state of San Marino is one of the longest surviving republics on the Italian Peninsula. A relic from the city-state era, San Marino has survived for centuries, lasting from the Roman era all the way to the Risorgimento. In the midst of our own revolution of 1919, the Sammarinese socialists voted to desert the aristocratic Arengo of the Most Serene Republic and formed their own Chamber of Labour; this paved the way for their own independent revolution, after which they became our closest friend and ally. Today, new elections to the Chamber of Labour have been held in San Marino, with the Sammarinese Syndicalist Party once again victorious. The new Captain-Regents, Giordano Giacomini and Primo Marani, have declared that they will as always commit to our shared friendship.
Greetings Comrades!
Roma Jazz Festival
With Rome once again the capital of Italy, a jazz festival has been put on by the various musical unions throughout Italy. Jazz has been within Italy since before the revolution, starting in 1904, though modern Italian Jazz draws inspiration from America. The famed American Jazz musician Louis Armstrong is the highlight of the festival.
Let us enjoy the new music of a new Rome.
Giro d'Italia Refounded
With Italy reunited, the Giro d'Italia can begin again. The Giro d'Italia is a cycling race that began in 1909, but the outbreak of the Weltkrieg and the ongoing political instability in Italy have altogether prevented the race from being held since 1914. The race course goes from Torino in the north all the way down to Napoli and Bari in the south up back to Milan.
Let the race begin!
Fausto Coppi Wins the Giro D'Italia
Fausto Coppi has won the Giro D'Italia, setting a new record. At the age of twenty, he is the youngest cyclist to complete the race. His win has also popularised his training regime and his particular diet, which focuses on whole grains where other racers consume large amounts of red meat.
Congratulations, Comrade Coppi!
Spartacus is Released
Cinecittà has released the epic movie Spartacus. Telling the story of the ancient Roman slave rebellion leader Spartacus, the movie is by all accounts an epic with a cast of thousands. Starting Gino Cervi as Spartacus and directed by Carmine Gallone, the movie has already proven a success and both with critics and the public at large.
I am Spartacus!
Syndicalist Partisans Rise Up
We've always had suspicions that there was an underground network of syndicalists preparing for the day when we and [SRI.GetNameDef] went to war. Their numbers are not overwhelming, but their appearance behind our lines is unexpected, and they have caused a fair amount of disruption throughout the country.
It will change nothing
The Italian Balance Shatters
The balance on the Italian peninsula has been delicate since the end of the civil war, with [SRI.GetNameDef] maintaining a tense peace with its neighbours due to the knowledge that drawing in the French would surely bring intervention from the Germans and Austrians. Thus, any conflict in Italy would need to be a self-contained one.\n\nDue to recent developments on the peninsula, however, the situation has now officially changed: the balance has been shattered.
We can call for aid!
This means trouble...
I see.
An Invitation
Now that all bets are off regarding the so-called 'balance' in Italy, [From.GetNameDef] has extended a formal invitation for [SRI.GetNameDef] to join the ranks of the Third Internationale.
At last!
On second thought, no...
The [From.GetAdjective] Request
Now that all bets are off regarding the so-called 'balance' in Italy, [From.GetNameDef] has made a formal request to join the ranks of the Third Internationale.
The New National Anthem
As part of our efforts in forging a new, revolutionary identity, there appeared a debate regarding a new anthem for the republic. Parliamentary officials, after a short debate period, decided on adopting 'Inno di Garibaldi' ('The Garibaldi Hymn') as the new national anthem. The decision has already been formalised with a constitutional amendment.\n\n'The Garibaldi Hymn' will further entrench the status of Giuseppe Garibaldi as Italy's national hero and cult figure. The Hero of Two Worlds commissioned the song in late 1858, as the official anthem of the Hunters of the Alps corps. The lyrics were written by poet Luigi Mercantini, to the music by Alessio Olivieri. The song became very popular during the First Risorgimento, though it became known as 'The Garibaldi Hymn' only after the Expedition of the Thousand.
All'armi! All'armi!
Administrative Elections of [GetYear]
The [GetYear] elections to the local councils are different than all others in the Socialist Republic's history, as they mark the first time non-socialist parties were allowed to participate freely. This was permitted on the grounds that local parties and their candidates would support the national policies of the newly formed CGIL,regardless of their political outlook.\n\nThis accord has proven to be widely supported by the population, and the turnout at the ballots was high. The people that abstained from elections, on the most part did so because they felt their choice would contribute nothing to any potential change in Italian politics. However, voices like these were scarce.\n\nThe results have proven that the ideals of the revolution and socialism are supported by the population, with CGIL and CGIL-backed candidates winning the most seats in the most amount of councils. This is nothing new in urban provinces. However, in rural and agrarian areas there was greater diversity in the new composition of councils. Actionist and Christian-Social candidates have won the majority in several places, and the republican, liberal and even Christian conservative options enjoyed a fair amount of support. All of this just goes to show, that democracy is a value cherished and upheld among our citizens.
We can, indeed, have mannerly political discourse.
Union-Actionist Pact
In order to prevent further terror and savagery of the fascists, President [SRI.GetLeader] met with representatives of the Action Party, led by Emilio Lussu. The meeting's purpose was to clarify the conditions of further cooperation between the General Confederation and the Actionists, which, in the current political landscape is of utmost importance. As one of the Actionist delegates noted: \
Liberty can't be compromised due to petty squabbles
Integration of Anarchist Militias
Many in [SRI.GetNameDef] celebrate today, as the final steps towards the integration of militias into the [SRI.GetAdjectiveCap] military were made today. A meeting with militia leaders and the high command was held today, during which both parties signed documents confirming that anarchist militias will now serve directly within the army of [SRI.GetNameDef], albeit with a guarantee of operational autonomy.\n\nPolitically, this decision confirms the commitments towards revolutionary action from the government. Many of the former militiamen, now soldiers, helped to establish [SRI.GetNameDef] during the Italian Civil War, and subsequently defended the Republic's borders.
How can we thank the fighters for true freedom?
Comrade Sandro Pertini Speaks
On the initiative of the General Confederation, a meeting was convened today between political activists and union leaders. Many people have taken this opportunity to speak about the importance of unity between socialist-minded individuals. Of particular interest was the speech of comrade Sandro Pertini, member of the General Confederation and personal friend of President Nenni.\n\nIn his speech, Pertini stressed the importance of 'unity among all the classes and sectors of our population, from the workers to the peasants, from the intellectuals to the soldiers; unity among all the parties and organisations of our republic.' Citing the Union of Britain and the Commune of France as examples, Pertini has pointed out that symbiosis of political and syndical activity can be possible and can net positive results in the creation of a socialist society.\n\nPertini ended his speech by saying:\n     'Freedom without social justice is a vain achievement. Can you consider truly free, someone who is hungry and in misery, who doesn't have a job? Who is humiliated because he doesn't know how to take care of his children and give them education? This is not a free man. Therefore, freedom must be paired with social justice.'\n The speech was met with praise and appreciation from all sides of the Italian socialist political landscape.
Wise words from this young, rising politician.
First Congress of CGIL
Today we have inaugurated the first congress of the new CGIL, the General Italian Confederation of Labour. Created as a federation of all unions, whether Catholic, Socialist or Liberal, and co-led by socialist Bruno Buozzi and Catholic Achille Grandi, it will supposedly be the vehicle for the full integration of Catholics within the political life of the Republic. This couldn't have been done without the Church's acquiescence, which we'll need to repay later; but for now most are happy with the arrangement, even some former PPI politicians. Lombardi, secretary of the Christian Social Party and strong supporter of Christian socialism, publicly congratulated the government on the development.
For the advancement of all workers!
Local Elections to the Chambers of Labour
In an attempt to break the local institutional power of the Church, we have chosen to expand the suffrage in local Chambers of Labour elections, and extend their powers over the locally conservative leaning rural municipalities. This effort has been relatively effective; while the Church has condemned the reform, this didn't mean much as they already refuse to recognise the Socialist Republic in general, while progressive Catholics were content with having some way to influence local governance in some minor way. Of course, the Actionists have also piled on to condemn the move as inherently anti-democratic, but they're in no position to do much about it.
The advancement of Italy begins today!
The [GetYear] Elections
Elections have been held today, and results have been disappointing for all forces involved. It appears the parliamentary situation has remained virtually unchanged, with an Union relative majority but no solid parliamentary bloc able to impose itself and end the political instability. In spite of both Unions and Fascists decrying supposed rigging, it appears what should have been a pivotal moment in solving our political situation ended up being completely irrelevant. For better or for worse, the parliamentary impasse will likely only be solved after the Peninsula has been fully liberated.
So the musical chairs will continue?
Rosselli Shot!
Horrible news! As he left a medical conference, President Rosselli was shot by what we believe to be a group of radical Blackshirts. The assailants were quickly neutralised by local public security, and an army of surgeons raced to rescue Rosselli - to no avail, as the multiple gunshots proved too much.\n\nThe reaction in the political world has been one of shock and horror, as we had believed political violence to have died with the Blackshirts after the first post-war elections - but it appears neither truly disappeared.\n\nPrime Minister Emilio Lussu, who was also Rosselli's second-in-command inside the Action Party, delivered an emotional speech in Parliament in memory of his friend, which ended with a prolonged applause. Shortly afterwards, Lussu was elected to succeed Rosselli as President; immediately, he sweared he would use his new powers to mold Italy in the way his predecessor would have wanted.
Terrible!
The [GetYear] Elections
New elections have been held today. With the defeats of the 30s an ever fainter memory, the Unions and Union-aligned candidates have easily gained an absolute majority of seats, and reelected President [SRI.GetLeader]. This doesn't mean democratic discourse has died down, however: the Union representatives have varying ideological backgrounds and align themselves with different revolutionary factions, ensuring no government will ever be able to count on an authoritarian rock-solid majority.
Through the unions, liberty!
The [GetYear] Elections
New elections have been held today. While the abolition of Union seats which Rosselli had proposed long ago hasn't been passed, the Action Party and friendly unions have given President [SRI.GetLeader] a relatively stable parliamentary majority, through which we'll be able to further democraticise the state and bring the Revolution to its natural conclusion.
Our freedom, exercised!
The [GetYear] Elections
New elections have been held today. The democratically minded reforms have had their effects; with the abolition of Union seats the Trade Unions have ran as the \
The president appoints honourable Pacciardi!
The president appoints honourable Rosselli!
The New Agrarian Reform
Previous Italian reforms in the field of agriculture and land ownership, as advanced by the governments of Mussolini and his predecessors, could hardly be considered sufficient. Within the framework of so-called 
Freedom for the farmers of Italy!
The Restoration of the Presidency
Ever since the appointment of Giuseppe Giulietti's 
Onwards to normalcy!
The Union-Parliamentarian Compromise
After years of low-scale conflict, the divisions between Actionists and Union leadership appear to be finally healing. The Action Party was never an anti-union movement; but its opposition to Union control of Parliament meant the two sides traded blows for some time. This appears to be coming to an end, as President [SRI.GetLeader] spoke in favour of a new electoral law which, while reducing Union seats and granting further rights to smaller more liberal groups, does indeed keep the concept of Union seats - in an unexpected reversal of his party programme.\n\nSome, especially in the Action Party, aren't happy with the change; still, most welcome the newfound political peace.
For socialism and freedom!
The Promotion of Leonilde Iotti
It appears our policies towards female equality are rapidly paying off, as new, young recruits are making their way into the highest ranks of the Red Army.\n\nThe newest promotion is that of the extremely young Leonilde, or Nilde, Iotti; formerly a teacher, daughter of a trade unionist, Nilde later joined the revolutionary struggle when barely 20 years old. Rapidly, she went from supporting roles to participating in active combat missions; and she rose through the ranks of the GDI.\n\nBy now, Iotti has effectively become the leader of the organisation, in spite of her still very young age, a testament to her revolutionary valour; as such, President [SRI.GetLeader] chose to formally recognise her position and granted her a commission, making her the fastest rising officer in the history of Italy.
Three hurrahs for the women of Italy!
Second Risorgimento Complete
Today the Chairman of [SRI.GetNameDef], [SRI.GetLeader], announced that the Second Risorgimento of Italy had finally been completed. \
Well done!
A united, syndicalist Italy? Mercy!
Italian Civil War Resumes
Ever since the armistice that ended the Italian Civil War twenty years ago, Italy has been in an uneasy state of peace. However, after Black Monday and the withdrawal of Austrian troops from the Italian peninsula, few believed the peace would last much longer.\n\nAfter rising tension across the world, the Socialist Republic of Italy has taken the initiative and declared war on the opposing Italian regime, denouncing them as an \
Ever since the armistice that ended the Italian Civil War twenty years ago, Italy has been in an uneasy state of peace. However, after Black Monday and the withdrawal of Austrian troops from the Italian peninsula, few believed the peace would last much longer.\n\nTo the surprise of international observers, the anti-syndicalist regimes in Italy have taken the initiative and declared war on [SRI.GetNameDef], denouncing them as a puppet state controlled from Paris, and vowing to fulfil the unification of Italy. Volunteers and supplies have begun to flood in from the world's major power blocs, hoping to secure the Italian peninsula in their sphere of influence, as the country's dormant civil war has ignited once again.
Will Italy ever find peace?
We shall prevail!
Benito Mussolini
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 29th, 1883, in Dovia di Predappio, Forlì, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMussolini was born in Emilia-Romagna to a socialist blacksmith father and a devoutly Catholic schoolteacher. Despite being baptised at an early age, he became a militant atheist like his father, comparing his religious boarding school to hell. He nevertheless later graduated in a non-religious school and qualified as an elemental schoolmaster.\n\nHe emigrated to Switzerland for a brief period of time to avoid the compulsory military service and became acquainted with the ideas of Nietzsche and Sorel among others, which deeply influenced him. Returning to Italy in 1904, he spent two years in military service and then became a teacher. In 1909 he left to become the secretary of the labour party in Trentino and was later arrested in 1911 for his militant opposition to the Libyan War.\n\nIn 1912 he became part of the national directorate of the PSI, though his support of Italian Intervention in the Weltkrieg got him ousted. He soon formed the Fascio Rivoluzionario d'Azione Internazionalista and joined the war effort as a soldier, being gravely wounded in 1917. The ICW saw him join d'Annunzio, De Ambris and others in forming the blackshirts - a radical paramilitary that sought to establish socialism and was militantly anti-Austrian.\n\nHe quickly rose through the ranks in the new socialist republic, advocating for a militant approach to the reunification of Italy. His rapport with Giulietti saw him become part of the government and his fascists' growth in the subsequent elections have confirmed that Italians want militant reunification. Now as president he will take the fight to the reactionaries surrounding the SRI - none shall prevent Italy's rise this time!§!
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 29th, 1883, in Dovia di Predappio, Forlì, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in Emilia-Romagna, Mussolini soon showed his radical atheism at an early age - perhaps as a reaction to his devout mother. He graduated as an elemental schoolmaster from a non-religious school after comparing his previous religious school to hell and decided to leave for Switzerland in order to avoid the military draft. While there, he became acquainted with the ideas of Nietzsche and Sorel, becoming deeply influenced by them.\n\nHis militant opposition to the Libyan War saw him being imprisoned, though it would soon propel him to the national directorate of the PSI. However, he would soon be ousted due to his equally militant support of Italian entry into the Weltkrieg. While fighting in the war, he became gravely wounded and was sent home, soon forming the blackshirts alongside d'Annunzio, de Ambris and many other militant socialists.\n\nDuring the ICW, the blackshirts played a key role in the defeat of the royalists first and the \
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 29th, 1883, in Dovia di Predappio, Forlì, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giuseppe Giulietti
§YBorn:§! §LMay 21st, 1879, in Rimini, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGiulietti was born in Emilia-Romagna to a poor fisherman family. After graduating in the Nautical Institute, he pursued a career in the merchant marine. During his military service in the Navy, he came into contact with anarchist and socialist circles in Liguria. He became affiliated to the Italian Federation of Seaworkers as well as the socialist party (PSI) just after he concluded his service in 1903.\n\nAfter becoming the leader of the federation in 1906, he became a key figure in the unification of all naval workers into one big union, which was achieved in just four years. He came into conflict with the PSI after expanding the executive powers of the newly created union in 1913 and even moreso when he supported Italian entry into the Weltkrieg alongside Mussolini. During the Weltkrieg he became an officer in the Navy and played a key role in confirming the availability of the merchant marine, leading to the creation of a dockworkers' coop in Genoa in 1918.\n\nThe Italian Civil War saw him join the Republican side, from which he supported the socialist wing. Inspired by brave martyrs like D'Annunzio who fought to keep Austrian influence away from Italy, he became a major advocate of an aggressive militarisation policy, seeing it as a necessary component of Syndicalist Italy's survival. He finally became president in 1931, though disagreements with his less militaristic syndicalist comrades led him to agree to a government including Mussolini's fascists in 1934.\n\nOn the eve of elections in 1936, it looks like Giulietti may have inadvertently legitimised Mussolini to the Italian population, leading to a larger fascist movement than may otherwise have happened. Whether this is a worthwhile sacrifice for a larger degree of militarisation, only time will tell.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 21st, 1879, in Rimini, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGiulietti was born in Emilia-Romagna to a poor fisherman family. After graduating in the Nautical Institute, he pursued a career in the merchant marine. During his military service in the Navy, he came into contact with anarchist and socialist circles in Liguria. He became affiliated to the Italian Federation of Seaworkers as well as the socialist party (PSI) just after he concluded his service in 1903.\n\nAfter becoming the leader of the federation in 1906, he became a key figure in the unification of all naval workers into one big union, which was achieved in just four years. He came into conflict with the PSI after expanding the executive powers of the newly created union in 1913 and even moreso when he supported Italian entry into the Weltkrieg alongside Mussolini. During the Weltkrieg he became an officer in the Navy and played a key role in confirming the availability of the merchant marine, leading to the creation of a dockworkers' coop in Genoa in 1918.\n\nThe Italian Civil War saw him join the Republican side, from which he supported the socialist wing. Inspired by brave martyrs like D'Annunzio who fought to keep Austrian influence away from Italy, he became a major advocate of an aggressive militarisation policy, seeing it as a necessary component of Syndicalist Italy's survival. He finally became president in 1931, though disagreements with his less militaristic syndicalist comrades led him to agree to a government including Mussolini's fascists in 1934.\n\nNow that Mussolini has been ousted from power, Giulietti is distrusted among his fellow syndicalists. The only thing keeping him as president is the fact that the different factions are jockeying for dominance and he emerged as the compromise candidate, but this is unlikely to last long...§!
Palmiro Togliatti
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 26th, 1893, in Genoa, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into a middle-class family, Palmiro Togliatti's early life was spent moving around due to his father's job as a schoolteacher - first to Novara, then Turin, then Sondrio, then Sassari. His father's tragic death in 1911 forced him to move back to Turin, where he received a scholarship to study law, although he would have preferred philosophy.\n\nTogliatti joined the socialist party (PSI) in 1914, just before the Weltkrieg, where he favoured Italian entry on the side of the Entente. He finally graduated in late 1915 and despite wanting to pursue a degree in philosophy, he joined the Red Cross due to his myopia, later fighting in the front lines. When the ICW began he joined the republican front and later the 'red' faction that emerged.\n\nUnlike many other syndicalists, he strongly promoted militarism to reunite Italy under a syndicalist flag as soon as possible. This, combined with his opposition to the chaotic syndicalist system and desire for a more centralised government, led him to sympathise with the growing fascist movement. These sympathies became a formal alliance after 1927, when the Italian Federation collapsed but the SRI failed to pounce. Pressured by Mussolini, he eventually adopted the fascist manifesto as the PCd'I's party programme and was rewarded with the position of Mussolini's second in command.\n\nWhen Mussolini was murdered, Togliatti saw the chance of creating a new direction for the movement and took it. Rebuilding bridges with the trade unions while forcing them to accept increased central control and simutaneously denouncing blackshirt excesses, his rule appears to be a radical shift from Mussolini's. But the question remains - will the blackshirts accept him as their leader?§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 26th, 1893, in Genoa, Kingdom of Italy§!
Alceste de Ambris
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1874, in Licciana Nardi, Massa-Carrara, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlceste de Ambris was born in Licciana Nardi, Tuscany, in 1874 as the first of 8 siblings. He became active in the socialist movement from an early age, becoming involved in the 1898 popular uprisings. The aftermath saw him exiled to Marsaille, then Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo, only being able to return to Italy in 1903.\n\nWhen he came back, he became active in the trade union movement and later became leader of the socialist youth in Rome. He opposed the Libyan war and got himself elected to parliament as part of the PSI in 1913. However, when the Weltkrieg began, he opposed them and called for interventionism on the entente side, alongside Mussolini. After fighting for his country, he formed a paramilitary unit alongside Mussolini and d'Annunzio called the blackshirts, which fought for syndicalism and against Austrian influence during the ICW.\n\nIn the new socialist republic he remained prominent within the fascist movement, though Mussolini took most of the spotlight. The latter's autocratic tendencies caused de Ambris to view him with distrust, though he remained committed to the fascist cause as an organiser for the fascist paramilitaries. He joined the cabinet during Giulietti's and Mussolini's governments, always retaining a prominent role.\n\nWhen Mussolini was tragically assassinated, Togliatti tried to subvert everything the fascist movement stood for, but de Ambris led the blackshirts in recapturing power from that traitor. Now standing atop a united Italy, his governance will likely see the blackshirts more unleashed than they were even under Mussolini - a dangerous predicament for revisionists and reactionaries alike.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1874, in Licciana Nardi, Massa-Carrara, Kingdom of Italy§!
Angelo Tasca
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 19th, 1892, in Moretta, Cuneo, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giuseppe di Vittorio
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 11th, 1892, in Cerignola, Foggia, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGiuseppe Di Vittorio's father's untimely death forced him to take over his job as an agricultural worker at age 10. Nevertheless, he made the best of the situation, educating himself with the help of a dictionary he bought at age 12 with his own salary. He became sympathetic to anarchism at age 12, moving onto socialism as he helped found a socialist youth club at age 15.\n\nHe became affiliated with the trade union movement in Cerignola and started to believe in the revolutionary potential of the trade unions. When the Weltkrieg came, he authored an article in Mussolini's 'Il Popolo d'Italia' embracing interventionism and when the time came was wounded while fighting for his country. The Italian Civil War saw him embrace the republican and later socialist movements, through which he became estranged from his native Apulia.\n\nNevertheless, he became actively involved in the trade union movement, championing the cause of the urban workers. Though he came from a rural background himself, he abandoned the mainly rural USI and joined the predominantly urban-based CGL due to their compromising attitude towards more moderate factions of the socialist republic. He believed that compromise and unity would be the best way for the socialist republic to survive and as such was sceptical of Giulietti's alliance with Mussolini.\n\nHe was eventually proven right and as the dust settled on the Second Risorgimento, he managed to pull together a majority of trade unions behind him. Now, with Mussolini's ambitions curtailed, his vision of a unifying syndicalist movement has prevailed.§!
Pietro Nenni
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1891, in Faenza, Ravenna, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPietro Sandro Nenni was born in Faenza, Emilia-Romagna, in 1891, to a family of peasants and his father died while young. He was then put into an orphanage by a local aristocratic family with the intention of having him become a priest. They had him recite his catechism every Sunday before the countess, receiving a silver coin if he made no mistakes. Nenni would later describe this affair as \
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1891, in Faenza, Ravenna, Kingdom of Italy§!
Alberto Meschi
§YBorn:§! §LMay 27th, 1879, in Borgo San Donnino, Parma, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlberto Meschi was born in Borgo San Donnino, Parma, in 1879. He worked as a bricklayer from a young age, quickly becoming involved in the local socialist movement as a writer for various publications. In 1905 he emigrated to Argentina and became introduced to anarcho-syndicalist ideas, though his radicalism got him expelled in 1909. Back in Italy, he became involved in union organising in Carrara, Tuscany, a local syndicalist hotbed. From 1911 to 1914 his activism secured many rights for workers, such as a pension or an eight-hour workday.\n\nIn 1912 he founded the Unione Sindicale Italiana (USI), an explicitly revolutionary syndicalist organisation. When the Weltkrieg came, he saw it as an opportunity for the international proletariat to cast off the yoke of the bourgeoise but was conscripted to fight nonetheless and became a PoW in Hungary. His uncompromising demands were a large cause of the division of the republican movement in the ICW between \
Carlo Rosselli
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 16th, 1899, in Rome, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a wealthy Tuscan Jewish family in 1899, Rosselli participated in the Weltkrieg with enough distinction to be promoted to a second lieutenant. During Italy's civil war he supported the broad republican movement against the unpopular Victor Emmanuel. When the movement splintered into \
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 16th, 1899, in Rome, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giuseppe Romita
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 7th, 1887, in Tortona, Alessandria, Kingdom of Italy§!
Olindo Vernocchi
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1888, in Forlimpopoli, Forlì, Kingdom of Italy§!
Gaetano Salvemini
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 8th, 1873, in Molfetta, Bari, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSalvemini was born in 1873 and graduated from a humanities degree in Florence in 1895. Having a Redshirt father and a socialist mother, it is perhaps not surprising that he joined the socialist party in 1894. However, his time within the party was not devoid of issues - chief among them the Libyan War in which Salvemini thought the PSI's attitude towards the war was too lukewarm. However, he was convinced by Mussolini to return to the PSI in 1914, just in time for the next confrontation.\n\nSalvemini strongly supported Italian entry into the Weltkrieg on the entente side, unlike most of the PSI. When Italy finally joined, he enlisted as a volunteer but fell ill and was let go by December 1915. When Italy was defeated and the Italian Civil War began, he joined the republican front and then its socialist faction, though he took no part in any formal combat.\n\nHaving been notable in the PSI pre-war, it was easy for him to rise through the ranks of the new revolutionary society. He befriended Carlo Rosselli and was sympathetic to his arguments regarding parliamentary oversight of trade unions, but stopped short of formally joining the Partito d'Azione. Maintaining his political independence would be better in the long-term, or so he thought.\n\nAnd his gamble appears to have paid off. Now, after Rosselli's reforms to the political system, he was elected president as a compromise figure between the different factions. While he would never consider returning to the syndicalist system of yesteryear, his victory also marks the end of radical changes to the system in the vein of Rosselli.§!
Emilio Lussu
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 4th, 1890, in Armungia, Cagliari, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLussu earned his law degree in Cagliari just before Italy joined the Weltkrieg. Having served as an infantry officer beforehand, his experience and valour in the battlefield earned him four awards and the rank of captain. When the Weltkrieg ended and the Italian Civil War began, Lussu joined the republican front and then became part of its socialist faction.\n\nThe civil war estranged him from his dear Sardinia, where the royalist government issued an arrest warrant for him. Nevertheless, he became active in the war veteran scene, quickly rising to national prominence. His ideal socialism diverged from the trade union-dominated politics of Italy, and he was sidelined as a result.\n\nHis close relationship with Carlo Rosselli allowed him to play a key role in the founding of the Partito d'Azione, a namesake of Mazzini's party from the prior century. Through his influence in the veteran movement, he advocated for the people (through their parliamentary representatives) to take power back from the trade unions.\n\nAfter Rosselli's tragic murder by radical squadristi, Lussu assumed the leadership of the Partito d'Azione. His closer perspective to the syndicalist mindset was perhaps why he managed to bring the Pd'A into government for the first time, though his election still marks a clear departure from the previous revolutionary consensus.§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 4th, 1890, in Armungia, Cagliari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Riccardo Lombardi
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 16th, 1901, in Regalbuto, Caltanissetta, Kingdom of Italy§!
Enrico Caviglia
§YBorn:§! §LMay 4th, 1862, in Finale Marina, Genoa, Kingdom of Italy§!
Achille Starace
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 18th, 1889, in Sannicola, Lecce, Kingdom of Italy§!
Armando Borghi
§YBorn:§! §LApril 6th, 1882, in Castel Bolognese, Ravenna, Kingdom of Italy§!
Nicola Bombacci
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1879, in Civitella di Romagna, Forlì, Kingdom of Italy§!
Altiero Spinelli
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 31st, 1907, in Rome, Kingdom of Italy§!
Antonio Gramsci
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 22nd, 1891, in Ales, Cagliari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Amadeo Bordiga
§YBorn:§! §LJune 13th, 1889, in Resina, Naples, Kingdom of Italy§!
Achille Grandi
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 24th, 1883, in Como, Kingdom of Italy§!
Luigi Longo
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 15th, 1900, in Fubine, Alessandria, Kingdom of Italy§!
Attilio Sassi
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1876, in Castel Guelfo, Bologna, Kingdom of Italy§!
Luigi Razza
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1892, in Monteleone di Calabria, Catanzaro, Kingdom of Italy§!
Bruno Buozzi
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1888, in Pontelagoscuro, Ferrara, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giuseppe Saragat
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 19th, 1898, in Turin, Kingdom of Italy§!
Tullio Cianetti
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 20th, 1899, in Assisi, Umbria, Kingdom of Italy§!
Bruno Pontecorvo
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 22nd, 1913, in Marina di Pisa, Kingdom of Italy§!
Roberto Farinacci
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 16th, 1892, in Isernia, Campobasso, Kingdom of Italy§!
Filippo Marinetti
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 22nd, 1876, in Alexandria, Alexandria Governorate, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Ettore Muti
§YBorn:§! §LMay 22nd, 1902, in Ravenna, Kingdom of Italy§!
Ragazzi di Via Panisperna
Ilio Baroni
§YBorn:§! §LMay 25th, 1902, in Massa Marittima, Grosseto, Kingdom of Italy§!
Oscar Sinigaglia
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 31st, 1877, in Rome, Kingdom of Italy§!
Ada Gobetti
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 23rd, 1902, in Turin, Kingdom of Italy§!
Randolfo Pacciardi
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1899, in Gavorrano, Grosseto, Kingdom of Italy§!
Edmondo Rossoni
§YBorn:§! §LMay 6th, 1884, in Tresigallo, Ferrara, Kingdom of Italy§!
Dardano Fenulli
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 3rd, 1889, in Reggio nell'Emilia, Kingdom of Italy§!
Ettore Troilo
§YBorn:§! §LApril 10th, 1898, in Torricella Peligna, Chieti, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giovanni Duca
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 5th, 1896, in Turin, Kingdom of Italy§!
Francesco de Martini
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 9th, 1903, in Damascus, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!
Igino Ghisellini
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 20th, 1895, in Buonacompra, Ferrara, Kingdom of Italy§!
Michele Bianchi
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 22nd, 1883, in Belmonte Calabro, Cosenza, Kingdom of Italy§!
Attilio Teruzzi
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1882, in Milan, Kingdom of Italy§!
Arnaldo Azzi
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 23rd, 1885, in Ceneselli, Rovigo, Kingdom of Italy§!
Enea Navarini
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1885, in Cesena, Forlì, Kingdom of Italy§!
Pompeo Colajanni
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 4th, 1906, in Caltanissetta, Caltanissetta, Kingdom of Italy§!
Domenico Mondelli
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1886, in Asmara, Eritrea, Ethiopia§!
Italo Balbo
§YBorn:§! §LJune 6th, 1896, in Quartesana, Ferrara, Kingdom of Italy§!
Ines Donati
§YBorn:§! §LJune 8th, 1900, in San Severino, Macerata, Kingdom of Italy§!
Piera Gatteschi Fondelli
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 22nd, 1902, in Greve, Florence, Kingdom of Italy§!
Leonilde Iotti
§YBorn:§! §LApril 10th, 1920, in Reggio nell'Emilia, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giuseppe Fioravanzo
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 14th, 1891, in Monselice, Padua, Kingdom of Italy§!
Carlo Avegno
§YBorn:§! §LJune 6th, 1900, in Meina, Novara, Kingdom of Italy§!
Inigo Campioni
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 14th, 1878, in Viareggio, Lucca, Kingdom of Italy§!
Riccardo Paladini
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 12th, 1879, in Montopoli in Val d'Arno, Pisa, Kingdom of Italy§!
Romeo Bernotti
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 24th, 1877, in Marciana Marina, Livorno, Kingdom of Italy§!
Luigi Rizzo
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1887, in Milazzo, Messina, Kingdom of Italy§!
Luigi Biancheri
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1891, in Genoa, Kingdom of Italy§!
Alfredo Pizzoni
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 20th, 1894, in Cremona, Kingdom of Italy§!
Vladimiro Pini
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 12th, 1879, in Livorno, Kingdom of Italy§!
Umberto Nobile
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1885, in Lauro, Avellino, Kingdom of Italy§!
Italo Piccagli
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 26th, 1909, in Florence, Kingdom of Italy§!
Sabato Martelli Castaldi
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 19th, 1896, in Cava de' Tirreni, Salerno, Kingdom of Italy§!
Ugo Macchieraldo
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 18th, 1909, in Cavaglià, Novara, Kingdom of Italy§!
Amedeo Mecozzi
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 17th, 1892, in Rome, Kingdom of Italy§!
Enrico Fermi
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 29th, 1901, in Rome, Kingdom of Italy§!
Gaetano Crocco
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 26th, 1877, in Naples, Kingdom of Italy§!
Nello Carrara
Il Duce
Il Migliore
Giustizia e Libertà
$SRI_giustizia_e_liberta$
Loyal Buffoon
Fascist Officer
§LThis officer is loyal to Mussolini and the FAR, rather than to the republic itself.§!
Socialist Officer
§LThis officer is committed to the ideals of the revolution.§!
